Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1757 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 2018 No. 50 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Paul Meyers, Roscoe United Methodist Church, Roscoe, Illi-nois, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, as we stand here today on the shoulders of all the giants who have come before, we ask Your blessing on these, Your current lawmakers who are the giants of our own time. Our past was protected by You, and, be-cause of this, we entrust our present and our future to You as well. These, Your servants of this great Nation, reflect Your will when they create and enforce laws for the better-ment and safety of Your people. I pray for Your wisdom and guidance to be upon them, and that Your mighty arms enfold them in blessing. May good continue to conquer evil. May Your truth make us free. We hum-bly ask You to continue to bless the United States of America. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. BARRAGA´N led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND PAUL C. MEYERS The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome Pastor Paul C. Mey-ers as our guest chaplain this morning and greatly appreciate him leading us in prayer on this historic Thursday. Pastor Meyers is from the 16th Con-gressional District of Illinois, which I proudly represent, and serves as the senior chaplain at the United Meth-odist Church in Roscoe, Illinois. Serving in ministry since 1992, Pastor Meyers has been a stalwart, faithful figure in our community. He serves as chaplain for the fire, EMS, and law en-forcement—19 years and counting—and is currently the head chaplain for the Harlem-Roscoe Fire Department and the Roscoe Police Department. He also serves as chaplain with the FBI and will be resident chaplain at the FBI Academy this month in Quantico. I want to say thank you to Pastor Meyers and to his family for all they do to serve in our community. We are humbly grateful for this dedication to serving the Lord and providing us with this spiritual guidance. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH BIRTHDAY OF PEACE, INC. (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th birthday of PEACE, Inc., a nonprofit, community- based organization in my district in Onondaga County. PEACE, Inc., was founded on March 26, 1968, with a mission to empower in-dividuals in our community to thrive. Today, this organization plays an inte-gral part in the lives of so many cen-tral New Yorkers. From children and families, to teenagers, to senior citi-zens, PEACE, Inc., is dedicated to help-ing all individuals realize their self- worth and become self-sufficient. Under the leadership of Executive Di-rector Joe O’Hara and its board of di-rectors, PEACE, Inc., in Onondaga County has such programs as Head Start, Senior Nutrition, the EITC Free Tax Prep programs, and many others. Poverty does not just hurt those who live in it; it hurts our entire commu-nity. By focusing on stabilizing fami-lies, improving living conditions, and developing partnerships with our re-gional schools, businesses, and other nonprofits, PEACE, Inc., has provided thousands of individuals and families in our community with a pathway out of poverty. After 50 years of outstanding work, PEACE, Inc., deserves our recognition and our gratitude. I join many in our community in wishing the many men and women involved in this great pro-gram congratulations on 50 years of serving the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.000 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1758 March 22, 2018 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The Chair will entertain up to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF FIRST 5 SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the work being done by First 5 San Luis Obispo County for families on the central coast. I stand to endorse their Children’s Bill of Rights. This document serves as a guide well beyond San Luis Obispo County that every lawmaker in this Nation should work toward, especially the right to visit a doctor to help chil-dren stay physically and mentally healthy. This week marks the eighth anniver-sary of the Affordable Care Act that covers 1 million children through the State and Federal marketplaces. The ACA also made significant investments in our Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. I urge my colleagues to continue to work together to strengthen this legis-lation. By controlling the cost of pre-scription drugs, ensuring cost-sharing reduction subsidies, and adding a pub-lic option to bring down the cost of health insurance plans, we can ensure that we continue to raise healthy chil-dren. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 14 (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boy Scout Troop 14 of Williamsport, Pennsylvania, on its centennial cele-bration. Troop 14 is the oldest consecutively chartered troop in the Susquehanna Council Boy Scouts of America. Saint John’s-Newberry United Methodist Church has been its sponsor for these 100 years. Troop 14 has provided scouting to boys in Newberry and the surrounding area. Impressively, the troop has pro-duced 127 Eagle Scouts during that time. It has been through the efforts of many that the troop has been and con-tinues to be an active and strong unit. For 100 years, Troop 14 has helped scores of Boy Scouts build a more con-scientious, responsible, and productive society. The Boy Scouts of America is one of the Nation’s largest and most promi-nent values-based youth development organizations, providing programs for young people that build character, train them in the responsibilities of participating citizenship, and develop personal fitness. Mr. Speaker, along with my col-league, TOMMARINO , I commend Troop 14 on its centennial celebration for building so many future leaders by combining educational activities and lifelong values with fun. I wish them the very best on this milestone occa-sion and look forward to another 100 years of excellence. 
f 
COLORECTAL CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month. This type of cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Each March, we raise awareness about this terrible disease and spread the word about the importance of get-ting screened. If you are 45 years or older, please get yourself screened early. The disease poses an especially high risk to African-American men and women who have the highest rate of death and the lowest survival rate among all Americans. This is why I am proud to support funding for programs like the Colorectal Cancer Control Pro-gram, which was established specifi-cally to address disparities in screening rates and to improve access to under-served populations. Along with the Affordable Care Act, which requires the coverage of screen-ing tests, we can provide the healthcare that Americans need to stay cancer free. 
f 
HONORING THE SEVEN U.S. MILI-TARY MEMBERS KILLED IN IRAQ ON MARCH 16, 2018 (Mr. KINZINGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of our fallen heroes, the seven U.S. military members killed in the helicopter crash over western Iraq on Saturday, March 16, 2018. As an airman, I had the privilege of flying with Captain Andreas O’Keefe. His Air Force service included three tours in Iraq, serving in Afghanistan and the Horn of Africa and, most re-cently, in Texas to help out during Hurricane Harvey. And still, he wanted to do more. Andy was a fellow air guardsman, a Long Island guy, and served with the 106th Rescue Wing of the New York Air National Guard. Like many who join the service, Andy did so voluntarily, with a servant’s heart, eager to serve his country and to help others. With-out question, he lived by the 106th credo: ‘‘That others may live.’’ As a nation, we mourn for the fami-lies and loved ones of those fallen he-roes. We send them our prayers, deep-est condolences, and deepest gratitude for their service to the country. While we grieve this tragic loss, I know Andy died doing what he loved and what he was called to do and what he wanted to do: serve his country. Mr. Speaker, we stand in this Cham-ber because of the sacrifices of men and women like this. We have the freedom to debate and vote and use our voices because of their sacrifice. With that, it is with a heavy heart that I say Godspeed to my friend, Cap-tain O’Keefe. May God bless our troops every day. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO COACH DON LUCIA (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding per-son and a friend. Don Lucia started playing hockey on outdoor rinks in northern Minnesota as a boy. After playing the game through high school and college, he became one of the most successful college hockey coaches in the country. Recently, Coach Lucia announced he will retire from coaching the Minnesota Golden Gophers men’s hockey team after 19 seasons. During his tenure at Minnesota, Don’s teams regularly finished at the top of the WCHA and, more recently, won the Big Ten Conference 4 out of the past 5 years. His teams also made the NCAA playoffs 13 times and won two national titles. As a player growing up in Grand Rap-ids, Minnesota, Don was a leader. He was disciplined, and he made everyone around him better. As a coach, he not only built winning teams, he developed young men. Don is retiring as a true ambassador for the game. While he will no longer be coaching our Minnesota Gophers, I hope Don continues to be a leader for the game of hockey and for our State for years to come. Don, thank you for leading our Go-phers to victory time and time again. Good luck to you; your wonderful wife, Joyce; and the rest of the Lucia family as you start the next chapter. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL MACCHIAVELLO (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of North Carolina State University senior Michael Macchiavello, who, on March 17, won the NCAA Division I National Wres-tling Championship at 197 pounds. Mr. Macchiavello is a graduate of Sun Valley High School in Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1759 March 22, 2018 
Trail, North Carolina, where he was a 4A State champion wrestler in 2013, when he posted a 61–1 record. His col-lege coach says Michael is constantly improving and that his work ethic, dis-cipline, attitude, and commitment put him in position to compete for the na-tional title. Mr. Macchiavello is not just a cham-pion inside the ring. He has already completed a bachelor’s degree in fi-nance and is working on a master’s of arts. Congratulations to Michael Macchiavello on winning the NCAA Di-vision I National Wrestling Champion-ship. Indian Trail, Union County, and the entire Ninth Congressional District are mighty proud of him. We wish him the best in what we know will be a great success for him in the future. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1625, TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 23, 2018, THROUGH APRIL 9, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 796 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 796 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes, with the Sen-ate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amend-ment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-66. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be de-batable for one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from March 23, 2018, through April 9, 2018 — (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). SEC. 5. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. S
EC. 6. The chair of the Committee on Ap-propriations may insert in the Congressional Record not later than March 23, 2018, such material as he may deem explanatory of the Senate amendment and the motion specified in the first section of this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. b0915 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, last night, at a late hour, the Rules Com-mittee met, where we had expert testi-mony that was offered on behalf of the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations, the gen-tleman from New Jersey and the gen-tlewoman from New York. I would like to, if I could, express to my friend, Mr. M
CGOVERN , the profes-sional nature not only that he but Judge H
ASTINGS , another member of the committee, represented the Demo-cratic side at a time that is very dif-ficult for them with the passing and loss of a tremendous leader in the House of Representatives, the gentle-woman from New York, Chairwoman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER . Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. H ASTINGS not only conducted themselves, in my opin-ion, in a professional straightforward manner, but represented their party quite well in a time of distress and a time of need. I want to express my complete confidence not only in Mr. M
CGOVERN , but also thank Judge H AS-
TINGS for his professional demeanor last night as we worked through very, very difficult issues till late in the night, till early in the morning. And compliments also to the gentlemen, the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for their professional conversations that were had that were in the best interest not only of the House of Representatives but the American people. I want to thank Mr. M
CGOVERN publicly at this time for his professional cause and substance. Mr. Speaker, today we rise in support of this rule and, of course, the under-lying legislation. The rule provides for consideration of the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 1625, the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, this is funding the gov-ernment for the rest of the year, through September 30. This is an im-portant measure. This is an important measure not only for the American people, but it is important for Members of Congress. There are a lot of ways that we could stand and say what we are for or what we are against, but the bottom line is that this is a piece of legislation that has been worked on, on a bipartisan basis, Republicans and Democrats, give and take, and has been worked on the other side of the Capitol with the United States Senate. It is in no way a perfect bill. That, I think, I learned a long time ago, is hard to get through to be signed by the President. But with that said, it yield-ed amazing results in a process that needed to come to a conclusion. This 12-bill appropriations package provides funding for fiscal year 2018 at levels consistent with the bipartisan budget agreement and the National De-fense Authorization Act. After years of neglect, this body has taken the important step of reshaping and rebuilding the United States mili-tary by providing them $659.6 billion worth of funding for our national de-fense. But it is for more than just na-tional defense. It is also trying to give better protection to the men and women who protect us, the men and women who, today, are in cold, lonely, hot, dangerous places around the globe. Mr. Speaker, a much-needed $65 bil-lion increase over 2017 fiscal year spending was essential. Mr. Speaker, the numbers speak for themselves. More members of our armed services gave their life in defense of this coun-try in training exercises than they did in combat last year. This is a hardy re-minder for Members of Congress and the American people to understand that our men and women not only fight hard, but they train hard. And in that defense, we need to do a better job to make sure that the equipment, the training, and the needs that they have are top flight year-round not just in combat areas, but in training missions where they are preparing to protect this country. Mr. Speaker, we have come a long way to that, and I am proud of the work that we have done. The agreement ends, I think, the ir-responsible practice of pairing dollar- for-dollar increases in defense spending with nondefense. This is a hard fight. This is a hard fight not only Repub-lican-Democrat, but across this coun-try. We have tried to make some bal-anced decisions. We have tried to err on the side of using money for the best interest of research and development and to move this country forward. The bill strengthens missile defense. It strengthens and funds new weapons systems for the military. And it heav-ily increases designated counterthreats around the globe. As you know, Mr. Speaker, we are facing down one of the greatest threats to the world right now, North Korea. Now is not a time to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.003 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1760 March 22, 2018 
shy away. Mr. Speaker, we will not shy away. These colors don’t run. It funds additional national security priorities, including nuclear mod-ernization, new nuclear submarines, and other important shipbuilding and aircraft procurement for our United States military. Quite honestly, Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ) and her counterpart from the appropriations committee looked at the exercise that is necessary and came up to streamline and make sure that the money that would be given would be necessary and only in defense of this Nation. This legislation also includes a long overdue 2.4 percent pay increase for our troops. The men and women who care for our veterans know that they need the help, and their service to this coun-try will not be without a thank-you, thus providing a record level of VA funding, while increasing oversight to make sure that the benefits and treat-ment of our veterans is properly taken care of. The new Secretary Shulkin of the VA is very concerned about the duty that they have to our veterans, and he has assured us this amount of funding will allow he and the Department that op-portunity to fix, correct, and, long term, know that the long-term safety for our veterans and their facilities will be accomplished. It provides robust funding to fight terrorism. It enhances criminal law en-forcement and secures our borders by increasing funding for border security and the enforcement of immigration law. This legislation also includes new infrastructure funding for highways, waterways, airways, railways, and other infrastructure priorities to en-sure public safety is taken care of and to promote economic growth. Mr. Speaker, it provides $4 billion, the largest investment to date, to com-bat the opioid crisis. We have spent a great deal of time not only working on this Member to Member, but also State organizations working with their mem-bers; Federal law enforcement; and the National Institutes of Health, through the direction of Dr. Shiva Singh, their chief medical officer who spent a great deal of time working with Members of Congress, opioid task forces, substance abuse task forces, and perhaps, most of all, the problems that we have that face this great Nation, where we have addiction problems. These are ad-dressed within this spending bill. Increase in funding by $3 billion, cer-tainly the head of the NIH, Dr. Francis Collins, believes that this investment in the National Institutes of Health, including the National Eye Institute and other important parts of NIH, will receive the funding that is necessary to ensure that the men and women of this country who suffer long-term effects of aging and other medical problems, that we can address them and live up to our responsibility. I thank Dr. Francis Collins and Dr. Shiva Singh for their instruction to our important Appropriations Sub-committee Chairman TOMCOLEfor his great work at the NIH—$2.3 billion in new funding for mental health training and school safety efforts help our chil-dren to make sure that our schools are safe. This is a brief rundown, Mr. Speaker, of the kind of work not only that we have dug in and done on a bipartisan basis, but the kind of work that I be-lieve the American people want, need, and expect. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee and my friend, for the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee for his thoughtful-ness in the aftermath of the passing of our dear friend, the former chairwoman of the Rules Committee, L
OUISE  S
LAUGHTER . We appreciate his support. We appreciate the support of all the Republican members on the Rules Committee, especially for the Demo-cratic staff, but we are truly grateful for all of his consideration and for all of his remembrances of our friend. We want him to know it means a great deal to all of us, so we thank him. I also want to take this opportunity to once again wish the chairman of the Rules Committee a happy birthday. I had the honor to be with him at 1:30 in the morning yesterday and to wish him happy birthday then. So we will wish him happy birthday again at 9:30 in the morning, and we wish him many, many more. Mr. Speaker, you know, here we are, and I am kind of at a loss for words. There is really not a lot to say. We are here, yet again, facing another manu-factured and totally avoidable crisis. You know, what on Earth will it take for the Republican leadership of this Congress to actually step up to the plate and start governing? Because this process that is bringing us this bill today, I don’t think, rep-resents good governing. We have seen five continuing resolu-tions. We have seen two government shutdowns in less than 6 months. It is mind-boggling. It takes my breath away. Mr. Speaker, Republicans control the House, they control the Senate, they control the White House; but the truth is that it turns out that they can’t gov-ern. Governing is hard work. It takes skill. It takes compromise. It is not all press conferences and it is not all tweets. It takes leadership. So I would encourage our Republican colleagues to cut the nonsense and get down to business. We can’t keep on em-bracing processes like the one that we are seeing unfold today. Give the American people the certainty they de-serve, fund this government the right way. But this process that brings us this omnibus today, I think, is dis-appointing not just to Democrats, but to a lot of Republicans as well. Now, as lousy as this process was to get here, there are some things in this agreement that we can be enthusiastic about. We are encouraged by increases in spending for domestic priorities, like infrastructure, education, medical research, and support for our veterans, among other things. These are things that are of great importance to Mem-bers on the Democratic side. We are pleased that the negotiators on our side of the aisle worked dili-gently to remove poison pill riders, and they fought to limit the construction of the President’s stupid border wall. Our enthusiasm is tempered because of what else might be in the bill, what we might not know. It is over 2,200 pages long, and it was posted at 8 p.m. last night. I am not sure anyone in this Chamber has had the chance to actu-ally read the entire text of this omni-bus. I don’t know how many inad-vertent errors may be contained in this omnibus. b0930 I worry what kind of provisions we could find tucked away in this bill in the days and the weeks to come. This is no way to govern, Mr. Speak-er. Our Republican colleague from Lou-isiana over in the Senate, Senator J
OHNKENNEDY , said yesterday that he thinks this whole process is an embar-rassment. He said: ‘‘As bad as it looks to the American people from the out-side, it is worse on the inside.’’ I don’t blame the Appropriations Committee. I have nothing but the highest respect for Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and Ranking Member L OWEY . They did an incredible job, and they and their staffs deserve our gratitude. There were many sleepless nights to be able to produce a product so that we could actually move forward and not shut the government down. They did what everybody expected them to do, and I want to thank them for their work. And to be honest with you, I don’t really blame the Rules Committee. We were given this last night, and we had to come up with a process and a rule to bring it to the floor. But I do blame the Speaker, and I do blame the Senate majority leader, and I do blame the President, because they are in charge and we shouldn’t be at the brink of a government shutdown before we consider spending bills. This should have been done months and months ago. Mr. Speaker, again, the American people deserve much better. They de-serve a Congress that works for them, a Congress that is responsive to their calls for action, a Congress that listens to all voices, both Democrats and Re-publicans alike. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.005 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1761 March 22, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that this omnibus legislation will ultimately work its way through Congress and to the President’s desk to avert yet an-other Republican-manufactured shut-down. But I would ask the Republican lead-ership of this Congress: Let’s reform the way we do business around here. I don’t believe that those of us in the mi-nority expect to win all the time, but we expect to have our voices heard, and we want and we demand a fair process. We want enough time to read bills before you bring them up for a vote. That is not too much to ask. Let’s work together to bring a little bit more transparency, a little bit more sun-shine, and yes, a little bit more democ-racy into the people’s House. This is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world. I don’t know why it is such a radical idea that we deliberate every once in a while. In-stead, we are presented with a 2,200- page bill, and we have been given sum-maries, but, in all honesty, none of us know what is actually in this bill and whether or not there are some things here that, quite frankly, might be very, very troubling once we begin to read this bill over the days and weeks ahead. Let’s have an honest and open de-bate. Let’s resolve that we are not going to ever go back to this process again where we fund government hour to hour. We need to get back to impor-tant issues facing our country and the American people. Again, I want to express my grati-tude to the appropriators and to those who were in these negotiations to try to get us a bill here today, but this is a lousy process, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. We can’t sanction this process. No matter what you think about the bill, this process is something that we have to stand up and say: This is unac-ceptable. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman from Massachusetts, I not only accept his advice about process and procedure, but I certainly would join in with him to thank our appropriators, the men and women who, on a bipartisan basis, Mr. Speaker, took time to wander to the other side of the Capitol to engage their colleagues. I can tell the gentleman, and he knows this probably on a firsthand basis, much was discussed. This was a big process. This was at the end of the year that I do agree with that should have taken place on October 1, not on March 22, that we decided where we are headed. But the discussion, the decision-making, the ability for both sides, both parties, to deal on the same issues has gotten tougher and tougher. I support our Speaker and what he is attempting to do. He has opened up the process. He has tried to make it to where the discussions take place on a bipartisan basis. And the Speaker, I be-lieve, has tried to place before us, as Members of Congress, the opportunity to be heard, to represent our thoughts and ideas. I didn’t win some of the issues that I was for. I held some ideas out about a number of issues that we had been working on that were contained in the bills that came out of the House only to come back months later from the Senate in a different priority, in a dif-ferent way, and perhaps not exactly what I would have wanted. It would be easy for me to say, how-ever, that the greater good of what we are attempting to accomplish is why we are here. Ultimately, we have a duty, Mr. Speaker, we have a duty and a responsibility, to ensure that which we finalize is in the best interest of the American people. The overriding con-cern here is to make sure that the ef-forts of government, albeit that we as Americans, I don’t think, want to get all that we pay for from government, we still recognize that there are people in our midst that need a government— and I do, too—a government that works well and is funded properly. Mr. Speaker, last night we had an op-portunity to hear from a number of my colleagues on the Republican side, a number of Members of Congress who spent hours waiting their time before the Rules Committee, not an unusual intuitive process from a number of our Members who had questions, com-ments, and concerns. I promised to address one of them. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) brought forth what was a dis-cussion about what is known as the NICS fix, or, as we refer to it, fixing NICS, a NICS fix. Well, this is the database that is re-sponsible for holding names and giving approvals for those people who pur-chase weapons across the United States. I agreed to provide some bit of an answer today and I hope some clar-ity on the issue that relates back to December of 2017. I told the gentleman last night that I believed that, while his arguments were important and I supported exactly the underlying ideas, and that is that we do not believe that agencies by themselves should have the ability to deny an American citizen the right, the constitutional right, for them to prop-erly, legally own a weapon, as we do know and remember back during a pre-vious administration, at least two agencies, the Social Security Adminis-tration and the Veterans Administra-tion, developed procedures by which they believed were appropriate, but that I think have proven incorrect, to deny people a weapon based upon a cri-teria that they established. This fix NICS provision was corrected and is still in law, and, to the best of my ability in double-checking, I would now like to notify the gentleman from Kentucky that I believe it is properly done. I would not be a part of making a change in the law, as I told him, that would deny an American citizen under these two agencies without lawful con-sideration of a hearing and with due process, and based upon the law and constitutional requirements of our Constitution to deny someone their right to keep and bear arms. Mr. Speaker, please consider that I appreciate the gentleman who showed up last night until late, late in the morning, and that he was doing his duty, which I respect and admire, and I am trying to respond back to him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas, the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee, said that he ap-preciated the Speaker’s listening to the different opinions of all Members here in the House. I think the frustration here is not that we can’t raise our voices, the frus-tration here is that we cannot bring things that we care about to the House floor for debate. The gentleman just talked about the issue of guns. We are living in a coun-try where we have massacres on a reg-ular basis. The American people over-whelmingly want us to bring gun safe-ty legislation to the floor. Things like universal background checks, for ex-ample. The leadership of this House will not let us bring those bills to the floor for debate or for a vote. They have shut us out. So this process that has been en-dorsed by the Republican leadership is not open. It is very, very closed. In fact, we are on record to becoming the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. That is not something that I think the United States Congress should aspire to. Maybe that is something that the Rus-sians might want to aspire to, but it is certainly not something that we here in this country want to aspire to. Everybody in this Chamber has ideas. Everybody represents the same number of people. Everybody should be heard, and important legislation and impor-tant ideas ought to be brought to the floor for debate and for a vote. If you do not want to vote for uni-versal background checks, or if you do not want to vote to ban bump stocks, or if you do not want to vote for an as-sault weapons ban, then don’t vote for it. But it is wrong and it undermines this institution when, on issues like that, we are told: You cannot delib-erate on the House floor. Another issue is DACA. The Presi-dent of the United States single handedly ended the DACA program, and he threw the lives of hundreds of thousands of people into chaos. It was a cruel and rotten thing to do. The President’s arbitrary March 5 deadline ending this program has come and gone, and instead of leadership and compassion, all we have seen is par-tisan tweeting. It is maddening, and it betrays our values. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.007 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1762 March 22, 2018 
Earlier this month, President Trump tweeted: ‘‘Total inaction of DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made.’’ Well, to answer President Trump’s question, the Democrats are right here, offering bipartisan solutions to protect these young Americans. This is the 26th time that we have at-tempted to bring a bipartisan bill, the Dream Act, for a vote on the floor. And I am going to ask people to vote against the previous question so we can bring a solution to the floor and pro-tect these incredible young people who have given so much to our country. But this is the 26th time that we have attempted to do this. And, by the way, this is not just a Democratic bill. There is bipartisan support for this. And what is particu-larly frustrating is that the Republican leadership of this House will not let us have that vote. Why? Because they know it will pass. They know it will pass. They don’t want the majority to work its will in this Cham-ber. They have deliberately said: No. We are not allowing you to bring that to the floor. If you want to help these people, you have to bring a bill to the floor. And if you don’t want to help them, well, bring the bill to the floor and vote ‘‘no.’’ But this is ridiculous. There is bipartisan support to fix this problem, to help these people, to live up to our values in this country. Again, if we defeat the previous ques-tion, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, and this bipartisan, bicameral leg-islation would help hundreds of thou-sands of young people who are Amer-ican in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Massachu-setts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my colleagues: Give us the vote. Give us this vote. If you don’t like it, then vote ‘‘no.’’ But if we were to bring this bill to the floor, I guarantee you it would pass. I think every Democrat would vote for it, and a big chunk of Republicans, maybe even a majority, might vote for this. b0945 I don’t know what the gentleman is afraid of. I don’t know why this is so hard. This is the Congress of the United States. This is the place where these issues are supposed to be re-solved; and, instead, all we get from the leadership of this House is obstruc-tion, obstruction, obstruction. They block everything—block everything. Everything is closed. It is my way or the highway. Enough. These people de-serve better than this institution is providing. They deserve a vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) to discuss our proposal. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for yielding. Yesterday, the University of Central Florida in Orlando had a unique stu-dent body president election. The can-didates were Karen Caudillo, my con-stituent, and Josh Bolona, both Dream-ers, beneficiaries of the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Act. They ran on a platform of justice and equal-ity, and so did I. Today we celebrate Josh Bolona’s victory on becoming UCF’s first Dreamer student body president. So what a sad backdrop we have here today. President Trump declared vic-tory for getting $1.6 billion to start his wall in a tweet late last night—$1.6 bil-lion to start Trump’s wall. So his wall gets funding, but our Dreamers get left behind. How can I, in good conscience, go home to my constituents and ex-plain this? I wonder aloud: When will our Dreamers be the priority? When will it be their time to shine? When will they have their moment of opportunity, a reprieve from worrying and from look-ing over their shoulders every day? Mr. Speaker, when will the waiting finally stop for them and the living begin? When will the Dreamers finally get to dream? Every week for 198 days, we have come here to ask our colleagues for their consideration of the bipartisan Dream Act. I remind you of that be-cause it has been 198 days since the President put hundreds of thousands of Dreamers at risk of losing their jobs, careers, their families, and everything they have worked for their entire lives. Many take solace in a court injunction issued in California and New York. As a lawyer, I can tell you these Dreamers are hanging by a thread. They are one adverse ruling away from oblivion. What about the over 1 million Dreamers who are not part of the case? Those young people who would be en-tering the program, the young sisters and the young brothers of Dreamers who are in the DACA program and those Dreamers who did not apply out of concern and out of a mistrust they had for giving their information to a Federal Government that has turned their back on them? They would have no quarter under these injunctions and no rest. They have no peace. Why can’t we, once and for all, come together to give these deserving young patriots who embody our deepest val-ues the opportunity to earn their citi-zenship, hardworking patriots like Josh, Karen, and hundreds of thousands of others who will have contributed an estimated $460 billion to the U.S. econ-omy over the next decade? These young people are making positive and signifi-cant contributions to the economic growth of our country which benefits all of us. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Florida an addi-tional 2 minutes. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues across the aisle don’t want deportation of Dreamers on their hands, so why not do something now, at this moment, at this time? Why not pass a law that would permanently allow these young people to build a life here, to graduate from college, to start a new business, and to show their im-mense gratitude to a country that gave them a chance? Today we have the opportunity to uphold our values and pass the Dream Act so that these Dreamers and the millions of people who swore to rep-resent them aren’t worrying and won-dering any longer. We are asking for one vote, just one vote, that will keep whole our principles and ideals and allow these young people to pursue the American Dream. So for the 26th time in 198 days, I ask my colleagues to vote against the pre-vious question so that we can imme-diately bring the Dream Act to the floor and provide certainty for Dream-ers like Karen and Josh who want to continue to work, live, and contribute to the only country they love and the only country they have ever known. I cannot afford to wait another day, nor can they. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to digress too much, but the gentleman from Massachusetts referred to a process that just was embarrassing and did not work. I recall, last night, testimony from the ranking member, the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ): ‘‘This is one of the best processes that I can recall. We have products that we can be proud of. We worked together.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is hard doing business in this town. It is hard doing business because we have disagreements. But let us not also misunderstand that it was President Trump who challenged Con-gress when our previous administration simply went about writing their own rules and regulations that made the circumstances on our border not only more dangerous, but very costly for every single American by encouraging tens of thousands of people to travel through Central America to come to the United States, and for us to take them into the United States with ille-gality that has been ruled on by Fed-eral courts in this country. A legal and lawful process is what President Trump is attempting to have this Congress do. He understands that power under Article I and the power under Article II. I believe that Presi-dent Trump personally invoked hours of his time to make sure that he prop-erly worked with Congress—key people from the House, key people from the Senate—televised day after day to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.008 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1763 March 22, 2018 
closer on the issue that he felt could gain resolution. It is a hard issue. But to suggest in any way that President Trump is a culprit of anything except leading to the best I believe would be an unfair statement against his in-tended desire to resolve the issue. Mr. Speaker, last night, the Rules Committee, under the strong leader-ship of the gentleman from Georgia, R
OBWOODALL , and the strong leader-ship of T
OMCOLE, provided evidence- based information not just to sustain the document that we are here for, but actually to continue the explanation of what we are doing and why, including the balances of budgeting and those necessary items but also the content. Our vice chairman of the Rules Com-mittee, the gentleman from Oklahoma, T
OMCOLE, doubles in his duty to Con-gress, and he serves as the lead appro-priator, the chairman of the sub-committee that is responsible for health, NIH, and research and develop-ment. Mr. C
OLE’s professional at-tributes really shined last night as he, with great pride, discussed major, hard issues facing this Nation, facing the United States, and facing the medical community in this country. I was very proud of not only his content with the substance, but also with the delivery of the product. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE) to discuss this seem-ingly impossible work that he made possible. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his gracious comments. I appreciate the time, and I appreciate the fulsome praise. I do want to talk just a little bit about process because I think, if you are not on the Appropriations Com-mittee, you probably haven’t been able to follow a lot of this. And, frankly, this process can be made better; there is no doubt about it. I suspect, processwise, my friend from Massachu-setts and I are not very far apart on where we think it ought to end up. But I do want the full body to understand what we went through to get to this point. First, it is important to remember that all 12 subcommittees of the Appro-priations Committee produced legisla-tion last year. There were full hearings and fulsome debate, and each sub-committee reported out their product. Then the full committee dealt with each subcommittee’s report and pres-entation, and in doing so, all amend-ments were open from both parties. Eventually, of course, all those 12 were put into a single bill. There were hundreds of amendments from both sides of the aisle that were made in order in that process. That bill was brought to the House floor in mid-Sep-tember, and it was passed. So, the House effectively did all of its work. It did the hearings; it did the markups; it reported it to the floor; and it moved it across the floor. We have been waiting for about 180 days for the Senate to respond. I could point some fingers. I am not going to. They didn’t get a single appropriations bill across the floor, and only a few out of the full committee. We have finally, about 4 weeks ago, had a bipartisan negotiation at the leadership level that reset the num-bers: a big increase from the Budget Control Act for defense spending. That is something Republicans very much wanted, and many Democrats did as well. And, frankly, also, an increase from nondefense discretionary spend-ing as well—so new numbers. At that point, we began what is a pretty normal appropriations process at the committee level. That is the so- called four-corner prospect, when the ranking member of each subcommittee and the chairman of that committee sit down with their Senate counter-parts and negotiate the differences be-tween what were effectively Senate committee bills, but bills that the House had moved fully across the floor. There is a great deal of give-and-take in that. When you go as far as you can to the subcommittee level, you kick them upstairs to the chairman at the next level. They negotiate, and they solve those. I can give you an example. In Labor- HHS, we had 12 issues unresolved in a $170 billion bill. That is actually aw-fully good. They were moved up to full committee. Nine of those issues were resolved there. Eventually, three more were kicked up to the leadership level, and they were all resolved there. That happens for each and every sub-committee. So there is a great deal of give-and-take. Frankly, we begin this process know-ing it needs to be a bipartisan product in the end. You have to have 60 votes in the United States Senate. There are 51 Republicans. Frankly, over here, obvi-ously, they will take both Republican and Democratic votes. So there is a good deal of give-and-take in this par-ticular process. At the end of the day, we have got a bipartisan bill that both the chairman and the ranking member brought be-fore us last night. Again, as I men-tioned earlier, from a Republican standpoint, you are probably most pleased with the defense number. That is something we have wanted and the administration wanted. But in the nondefense area, there are many, many things that both sides agree on are very important for the na-tional well-being: a $3 billion increase at the National Institutes of Health, the largest increase in a generation; substantially more money on opioids, a crisis we know affects all of our dis-tricts, $3 billion this year and $3 billion next year spread over a number of sub-committee jurisdictions. There is a substantial increase in early childhood education and childcare, something, again, that peo-ple on both sides of the aisle feel strongly about. There is lots of money for mental health to follow up on some of the initiatives that were laid out in the 21st Century Cures Act, again, a bi-partisan product. Now you are seeing bipartisan appropriations to try and match the money with the legislation that was created by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. There is money for school safety. This is probably the largest single in-crease we have had. I think last year under, title 4, we did about $400 mil-lion. This bill has $1.1 billion, a pretty substantial increase in something I think we all care about. So, again, it has been pretty extraordinary. Also, I want to point out—we are all proud of our respective committees— that Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY produced an omnibus last year in April or May. They have done three supplementals for the disaster relief. They now have produced this omnibus which will fund the government for fiscal year 2018, and they are hard at work on the next one. So they have been extraordinarily pro-ductive. My friend is right. I wish more of this work got piecemeal to the floor so we could look at each bill. Hopefully, we can do that going forward since we now have a top-line agreement between the two sides for fiscal year 2019 as to what the bill will be. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Oklahoma an addi-tional 2 minutes. b1000 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, we have the possibility of having a more regular measure. But whether that can be achieved or not, I don’t know. In pass-ing this bill, we have at least laid the groundwork for it. I particularly want to single out Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY because they have shown how Congress can work to-gether. They have managed all 12 of these bills—multiple bills in multiple areas—and gotten them to the floor and across the floor in a bipartisan manner. So, if we can do the same thing in the body as a whole, I think there would be much more appreciation and under-standing and, frankly, much more input. That would be a good thing. My friend is right about that. But if we are going to do that, I would also add we have to think through how many amendments there will be. How much floor time do you want to give us? If you are going to come down here with 200 or 300 amendments on each side of the aisle, I guarantee you that all you will be doing is appropriations for the whole year. As appropriators, we might like that. As legislators in other areas, you might not. I think there has got to be some leadership give-and-take on what the appropriate structure is going forward. But none of that should take away, number one, that the rule itself is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.010 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1764 March 22, 2018 
bringing to the floor an extraordinarily important product. If we don’t get that product passed here on a bipartisan basis and in the Senate by midnight to-morrow night, both parties will have participated in shutting down the gov-ernment of the United States. I don’t think that is something either of us want to do. As a matter of fact, each of us have tried this once or twice, and we now know it is not a very productive way to proceed. I think we have got an opportunity, by passing of the rule—and I urge pas-sage of the rule—and then the under-lying legislation, to do some really good things for the American people to fulfill our obligations. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I guess I would just say to my colleague from Oklahoma that I have no problem with the appropri-ators. I think that is what Ranking Member L
OWEY was talking about yes-terday when she talked about the proc-ess. The appropriators have done their work. They work in a bipartisan way and it is not their fault that we are at this moment. As I said, it is not even the fault of the Rules Committee. It is the fault of the Republican leadership. This bill that we are doing now could have been done last December, but the Republican leadership couldn’t figure out a budget agreement until last month. Without top numbers, no one could move forward in the House or in the Senate. It turned out that what was more im-portant was a tax cut for billionaires. That was the priority. So they passed the tax cut for billionaires and we get five CRs and two government shut-downs as a result. This process cannot be explained away, cannot be justified, and cannot continue. I probably should have had the bill in front of me here for dramatic effect, but it is 2,200 pages long. Again, it is not what I know is in the bill that I have a problem with. It is what I don’t know is in the bill that concerns me. I know it concerns Democrats and Re-publicans alike. I just want to go back to something the chairman of the Rules Committee referenced with regard to DACA and President Trump’s, somehow, support for these incredible people. Let’s not forget there was no reason at all—none—for this President to end DACA. There was no deadline, there was no court case, there was no law that required that the program come to an end. It was just plain, old-fash-ioned cruelty and stupidity. That is what was at play here: red meat for the extreme rightwing base that can never get to ‘‘yes’’ on anything regarding im-migration. The way we are treating these young people is unbelievably cruel. The frus-tration level throughout the country is at an all-time high. Every poll I have seen, Democrats, Republicans, and Independents all overwhelmingly sup-port us helping the DACA recipients. There are unbelievably high approval ratings for moving forward and passing a bill like the Dream Act, yet we can’t even get it to the House floor for a vote. We talk about a lousy process. That is what we are also talking about. We talked earlier about guns. We have record-high levels of gun violence in this country and we have massacres that occur on a regular basis. I am so grateful that millions of young people are going to be out on the streets pro-testing on Saturday, demanding that their government do something. They are frustrated that this Chamber, sup-posedly the greatest deliberative body in the world, can’t even find the time to bring something to the floor for a debate. All we do is have moments of silence in the aftermath of massacres. It would give me hope for the future of these young people, because they are not going to take it anymore. They are sick of the indifference. They are sick of the lack of action. They are sick of Members in this Chamber not listening to their voices. I feel hopeful that, ultimately, we will take action and do the right thing. I will tell you right now, for those who continue to turn their backs on the de-mands of these young people, I don’t think they are coming back here after November. But, again, the frustration that you are hearing on our side here today— and I know that a lot of my Republican friends feel the same way—is that this place is broken. This process stinks. There has to be a better way to do this. None of us want to shut the govern-ment down. People are going to vote how they want to on the omnibus, but I would say: Don’t endorse this lousy, broken process by voting for the rule. People should vote against this rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire of the time remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 3
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Massa-chusetts has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would inquire if the gentleman has any other speakers. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have one additional speaker. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ), the Rules Com-mittee designee to the Budget Com-mittee, a gentleman who has served this Nation well and will continue to serve the Budget Committee well. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on the committee. It seems like I just saw him a couple of hours ago, but only be-cause I just saw him a couple of hours ago. Mr. Speaker, you know as well as anyone that it is hard to get things done around here. It is never made any easier by the recriminations that cir-culate so widely. I appreciate the Speaker’s admonition about engaging in conflicts of personality. This is hard. This isn’t the bill I would have voted for. In fact, it is not the bill I voted for the first time around. When this House did its job 9 months ago, when it was supposed to do its job, we voted on a completely different bill. But as my friend from Massachusetts knows full well, Mr. Speaker, if Republicans had 60 votes in the Senate, we wouldn’t be going through these machinations. We go through these machinations for one reason and one reason only, and that is, after a Republican-led House gets its work done, the Senate can’t. The Senate can’t because they work in a much more bipartisan way. As bipar-tisan as this institution is, that insti-tution is even more so by the Senate rules. We talk about this as if it is a spend-ing bill, Mr. Speaker. I just want to be clear: this includes brownfields act re-authorization. That is the bill that lets us go into environmentally damaged areas and restore them. We haven’t been able to get that done just in the normal course of doing business. So to get it across the Senate floor, it is now added into this bill. The Child Protection Improvement Act, Mr. Speaker, is the bill that pro-vides the database so that caregivers and parents can go and see who it is that is taking care of their children and make sure folks are properly vet-ted. We couldn’t get that through in the normal process, so we had to add it into this bill. Mr. Speaker, the CLOUD Act is the bill that allows law enforcement to go and access information stored on clouds in other countries so that you don’t have to wait 9 months through bureaucracies so that you can identify those terrorists, those criminals, ear-lier and more often. We couldn’t get that through the regular process, so we have got that in the bill. E-Verify, Mr. Speaker, is the provi-sion that allows any employer to dial in online to make sure that they are hiring American citizens. It is buried in this bill, Mr. Speaker. Together, we are getting things done. This bill is an example of that. It is a source of progress, not an impediment. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished minority whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. I have been here long enough to see my Republican colleagues bring to the floor these bills and plop them down heavily on the table. I have been here long enough to have citizens assault me in a town meeting and ask: ‘‘Have you read the bill?’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.012 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1765 March 22, 2018 
I have been here long enough to hear the demagoguery about: ‘‘What’s in the bill? Do you know what’s in the bill? Have you read the bill? How can you do this?’’ I have heard demagoguery about the 3-day rule. I call it the 24-hour-and-2- second rule. That is the last second of the first day, 24 hours of the second day, and the first second of the third day. We are not even going to make that. This was filed at 8 o’clock last night. I ask any Member in this House to join me in the well if you have read this bill. Join me if you have read this bill. No one is joining me. These are earmarks. They call them authorizing legislation, but they are earmarks. They are pieces of legisla-tion in this bill that are against the rules, of course, but we will waive those rules. They are things that were gone through in the dark of night, at 8 o’clock last night. These are the appropriations bills, the only piece of this legislation that were done properly. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. When the Speaker be-came the Speaker, he said: ‘‘We will advance major legislation one issue at a time.’’ How can any self-respecting Member of this House, how can any self-respect-ing Republican who made that rep-resentation to my Tea Party friends, vote for this rule? I have no idea. This is an abomination of the legisla-tive process. You have had 6 months to get it right. Six weeks ago, the Speak-er promised that an issue of great im-portance to us, DACA, would be solved. It hasn’t been addressed, much less solved. But the real problem is that nobody knows what is in this legislation. With all due respect to the chairman of the Rules Committee, he hasn’t read this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. M
CGOVERN hasn’t read the bill. I have not read the bill. It was 8 o’clock last night. The only per-son that could read this bill is the supercomputers. None of us even claim to be supercomputers. This rule ought to go down. Very frankly, there are a lot of things in here I know that I like and I know that everybody else likes, but if we defeat the rule, we ought to go back to a proc-ess that we can respect, that you ar-gued you were going to follow, that you pledged to the American people you were going to follow, and that Mr. Cantor and Mr. M
CCARTHY and Mr. RYANwrote a book about and said they were going to change this institution and do it right. This is wrong. Vote ‘‘no.’’ b1015 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 3 min-utes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me close by echoing the words of our distinguished minor-ity whip and by saying that we need a better process, and I hope my col-leagues will vote against the rule. I just want to say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, one of the reasons why I think there is so much polarization in this Chamber, why it is hard to kind of get things done, is be-cause of the process. I think process matters. When people don’t have the opportunity to read the bills, when people are routinely denied the oppor-tunity to bring to the floor their ideas for debate and vote, it results in in-creased tensions and increased polar-ization; and, quite frankly, it under-mines the integrity of this institution. This is supposed to be the people’s House. We all represent the same num-ber of constituents, yet routinely the voices of the people are denied to be heard on this House floor. So I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can bring the Dream Act to the floor, we can help the Dreamers, we can help those DACA re-cipients who everybody says publicly that they want to help, yet, when it comes to actually helping them, all we get is obstruction from the Republican leadership here. Let’s bring that to the floor. This is our 26th time trying to do it. Let’s do something that will make a real difference, that will help these people. They deserve our help. They deserve our support. They are valued members of our community. They are American in every way except they weren’t born here. And Democrats, Republicans, and Independents overwhelmingly believe we ought to help them. We ought to stop playing politics with the Dream-ers. I know the President is holding them hostage and wants a ransom that gets bigger and bigger, and bigger, and big-ger. Enough. Let’s do what is right for these people. So vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Make it clear that this process is some-thing that we cannot endorse or em-brace. We want a change in process. Vote against the previous question so we can bring up relief for the Dream-ers. Finally, I just, again, plead with the Republican leadership of this House, we need to have a better process here. If you want to end the polarization, if you want to end the partisanship, you have to open this place up. I don’t think that is too much to ask. With that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank not only the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) but also thanks to the mi-nority whip for coming and engaging in this issue. Mr. Speaker, let us not forget that this last summer, last summer, we en-gaged in all 12 spending bills on the floor of the House of Representatives. The Appropriations Committee re-ceived over 700 thoughts, ideas, so to speak, amendments for them to con-sider. It was an open process. Mr. Speaker, on the floor, 232 amendments were a part of the process of the 12 bills. Last night, N
ITALOWEY , the ranking member, sat before the Rules Com-mittee at about midnight and said: It is late, but the process worked. The process worked for Democrats. The process worked for appropriators to work on a bipartisan basis, and the process worked in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, two members of the Ap-propriations staff, Shannon O’Keefe and Nancy Fox, are sterling members of the professional staff of the House of Representatives who did one heck of a job to make sure our Rules Com-mittee—staff and Members—got the in-formation we needed. I agree the process should be better. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, when the Committee on Rules filed its report (H. Rept. 115–614) to accompany House Resolution 796 the Committee was unaware that the waiver of all points of order against consider-ation of the motion to concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625 included: A waiver of section 302(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act, which prohibits consider-ation of legislation providing new budget au-thority in excess of a 302(a) allocation of such authority. A waiver of section 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act, which prohibits consider-ation of legislation that would cause the level of total new budget authority for the first fiscal year to be exceeded, or would cause reve-nues to be less than the level of total reve-nues for the first fiscal year or for the total of that first fiscal year and the ensuing fiscal years for which allocations are provided. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 796 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC7. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.013 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1766 March 22, 2018 
against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4227; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5131. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 186, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 123] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.003 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1767 March 22, 2018 
Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Amodei Bridenstine Clarke (NY) Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Jones Pingree Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1044 Messrs. M
CCLINTOCK, GOSAR, and KELLY of Pennsylvania changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 211, noes 207, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 124] AYES—211 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—207 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davidson Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
NOT VOTING—12 
Blumenauer Bridenstine Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Gottheimer Johnson (GA) Jones Murphy (FL) Pingree Schrader Walz b1052 Mr. KING of Iowa changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VEHICULAR TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4227) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 417, nays 2, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 125] YEAS—417 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.004 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1768 March 22, 2018 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bridenstine Butterfield Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Jones Lewis (GA) Pingree Walz Wilson (FL) b1100 Ms. JACKSON LEE changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5131) to improve the effec-tiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a feasibility assessment of introducing new security technologies and meas-ures, and for other purposes, as amend-ed, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 5, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 126] YEAS—409 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—5 
Amash Biggs Duncan (TN) Massie Norman 
NOT VOTING—15 
Aguilar Bridenstine Cartwright Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.007 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1769 March 22, 2018 
DeSaulnier Deutch Issa Jayapal Jones Pingree Rush Scott, David Walz 
b1107 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF MATERIAL EX-PLANATORY OF THE AMEND-MENT OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES TO THE AMEND-MENT OF THE SENATE TO H.R. 1625 Pursuant to section 6 of House Reso-lution 796, the chairman of the Com-mittee on Appropriations submitted explanatory material relating to the amendment of the House of Represent-atives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1625. The contents of this sub-mission will be published in Books II and III of this R
ECORD . 
f 
TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 796, I call up the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the defi-nition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment. Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLES. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Targeted Re-wards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking’’ or the ‘‘TARGET Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Trafficking in persons is a major transnational crime, as recognized by the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.; division A of Public Law 106–386). (2) Trafficking in persons is increasingly per-petrated by organized, sophisticated criminal enterprises. (3) Combating trafficking in persons requires a global approach to identifying and appre-hending the world’s worst human trafficking rings. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s rewards program is a powerful tool in combating sophis-ticated international crime and that the Depart-ment of State and Federal law enforcement should work in concert to offer rewards that target human traffickers who prey on the most vulnerable people around the world. 
SEC. 3. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE. 
Section 36(k)(5) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(5)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and mov-ing such clauses, as redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (3) by inserting before clause (i), as redesig-nated, the following: ‘‘(A) means—’’; (4) in clause (ii), as redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end following: ‘‘(B) includes severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving at least 1 jurisdiction outside of the United States.’’. MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–66. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the Senate, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Explanatory statement. Sec. 5. Statement of appropriations. Sec. 6. Availability of funds. Sec. 7. Adjustments to compensation. DIVISION A—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DE-VELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMIN-ISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Agricultural Programs Title II—Farm Production and Conservation Programs Title III—Rural Development Programs Title IV—Domestic Food Programs Title V—Foreign Assistance and Related Programs Title VI—Related Agencies and Food and Drug Administration Title VII—General Provisions DIVISION B—COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Commerce Title II—Department of Justice Title III—Science Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Military Personnel Title II—Operation and Maintenance Title III—Procurement Title IV—Research, Development, Test and Evaluation Title V—Revolving and Management Funds Title VI—Other Department of Defense Pro-grams Title VII—Related Agencies Title VIII—General Provisions Title IX—Overseas Contingency Operations DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DE-VELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Corps of Engineers—Civil Title II—Department of the Interior Title III—Department of Energy Title IV—Independent Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION E—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of the Treasury Title II—Executive Office of the President and Funds Appropriated to the President Title III—The Judiciary Title IV—District of Columbia Title V—Independent Agencies Title VI—General Provisions—This Act Title VII—General Provisions—Government- wide Title VIII—General Provisions—District of Columbia DIVISION F—DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Departmental Management, Oper-ations, Intelligence, and Over-sight Title II—Security, Enforcement, and Inves-tigations Title III—Protection, Preparedness, Re-sponse, and Recovery Title IV—Research, Development, Training, and Services Title V—General Provisions DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of the Interior Title II—Environmental Protection Agency Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—General Provisions DIVISION H—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Labor Title II—Department of Health and Human Services Title III—Department of Education Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION I—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Legislative Branch Title II—General Provisions DIVISION J—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Defense Title II—Department of Veterans Affairs Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—Overseas Contingency Operations Title V—General Provisions DIVISION K—DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of State and Related Agency Title II—United States Agency for Inter-national Development Title III—Bilateral Economic Assistance Title IV—International Security Assistance Title V—Multilateral Assistance Title VI—Export and Investment Assistance Title VII—General Provisions Title VIII—Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism DIVISION L—TRANSPORTATION, HOUS-ING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Transportation Title II—Department of Housing and Urban Development Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—General Provisions—This Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.008 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1770 March 22, 2018 
DIVISION M—EXTENSIONS Title I—Airport and Airway Extension Title II—Immigration Extensions Title III—National Flood Insurance Program Extension Title IV—Pesticide Registration Improve-ment Act Extension Title V—Generalized System of Preferences Title VI—Judicial Redaction Authority Ex-tension Title VII—Budgetary Effects DIVISION N—BUILD ACT DIVISION O—WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION FUNDING AND FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ACT DIVISION P—RAY BAUM’S ACT OF 2018 DIVISION Q—KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW DIVISION R—TARGET ACT DIVISION S—OTHER MATTER Title I—Child Protection Improvements Act Title II—Save America’s Pastime Act Title III—Keep Young Athletes Safe Act Title IV—Consent of Congress to Amend-ments to the Constitution of the State of Arizona Title V—Stop School Violence Act Title VI—Fix NICS Act Title VII—State Sexual Risk Avoidance Edu-cation Program Title VIII—Small Business Credit Avail-ability Act Title IX—Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act Title X—Taylor Force Act Title XI—FARM Act Title XII—Tipped Employees Title XIII—Revisions to Pass-Through Pe-riod and Payment Rules DIVISION T—REVENUE PROVISIONS DIVISION U—TAX TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS DIVISION V—CLOUD ACT 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 4. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT. 
The explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the House section of the Con-gressional Record on or about March 22, 2018, and submitted by the Chairman of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the allo-cation of funds and implementation of divi-sions A through L of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
SEC. 5. STATEMENT OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The following sums in this Act are appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. 
SEC. 6. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS. 
Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so des-ignates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. 
SEC. 7. ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION. 
(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no adjustment shall be made under sec-tion 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relating to cost of living adjustments for Members of Congress) during fiscal year 2018. (b) There is appropriated for payment to Emily Robin Minerva, heir of Louise McIntosh Slaughter, late a Representative from the State of New York, $174,000. DIVISION A—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DE-VELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINIS-TRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS PROCESSING , RESEARCH AND MARKETING  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $46,532,000, of which not to exceed $5,051,000 shall be available for the imme-diate Office of the Secretary; not to exceed $800,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant to the Secretary for Rural De-velopment: Provided, That funds made avail-able by this Act to an agency in the Rural Development mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $1,496,000 shall be available for the Office of Homeland Security; not to exceed $4,711,000 shall be available for the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement; not to exceed $23,105,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Admin-istration, of which $22,301,000 shall be avail-able for Departmental Administration to provide for necessary expenses for manage-ment support services to offices of the De-partment and for general administration, se-curity, repairs and alterations, and other miscellaneous supplies and expenses not oth-erwise provided for and necessary for the practical and efficient work of the Depart-ment: Provided further, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Ad-ministration mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $3,869,000 shall be available for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congres-sional Relations to carry out the programs funded by this Act, including programs in-volving intergovernmental affairs and liai-son within the executive branch; and not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of Communications: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture is author-ized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Provided further, That no appropriation for any office shall be increased or decreased by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,000 of the amount made available under this paragraph for the imme-diate Office of the Secretary shall be avail-able for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading for Departmental Administration shall be reimbursed from applicable appro-priations in this Act for travel expenses inci-dent to the holding of hearings as required by 5 U.S.C. 551–558: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Con-gressional Relations may be transferred to agencies of the Department of Agriculture funded by this Act to maintain personnel at the agency level: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Con-gressional Relations may be obligated after 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on the allocation of these funds by USDA agency. E
XECUTIVE OPERATIONS  
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Economist, $19,786,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be for grants or cooperative agreements for policy research under 7 U.S.C. 3155. OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Hearings and Appeals, $15,222,000. 
OFFICE OF BUDGET AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, $9,525,000. O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Information Officer, $58,950,000, of which not less than $33,000,000 is for cyberse-curity requirements of the department. O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, $6,028,000. O
FFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  C
IVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Civil Rights mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. O
FFICE OF CIVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $24,206,000. A
GRICULTURE BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313, includ-ing authorities pursuant to the 1984 delega-tion of authority from the Administrator of General Services to the Department of Agri-culture under 40 U.S.C. 121, for programs and activities of the Department which are in-cluded in this Act, and for alterations and other actions needed for the Department and its agencies to consolidate unneeded space into configurations suitable for release to the Administrator of General Services, and for the operation, maintenance, improve-ment, and repair of Agriculture buildings and facilities, and for related costs, $64,414,000, to remain available until ex-pended. H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Department of Agriculture, to comply with the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), $3,503,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That appropriations and funds available herein to the Department for Hazardous Materials Management may be transferred to any agency of the Department for its use in meeting all requirements pur-suant to the above Acts on Federal and non- Federal lands. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, including employment pur-suant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), $98,208,000, including such sums as may be necessary for contracting and other arrangements with public agencies and private persons pursuant to section 6(a)(9) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), and including not to exceed $125,000 for cer-tain confidential operational expenses, in-cluding the payment of informants, to be ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 1337 of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (Public Law 97–98). O
FFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL  For necessary expenses of the Office of the General Counsel, $44,546,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1771 March 22, 2018 
OFFICE OF ETHICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ethics, $4,136,000. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  R
ESEARCH , EDUCATION , ANDECONOMICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Research, Education, and Economics mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. E
CONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the Economic Research Service, $86,757,000. N
ATIONAL AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the National Ag-ricultural Statistics Service, $191,717,000, of which up to $63,350,000 shall be available until expended for the Census of Agriculture: Provided, That amounts made available for the Census of Agriculture may be used to conduct Current Industrial Report surveys subject to 7 U.S.C. 2204g(d) and (f). A
GRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Research Service and for acquisition of lands by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100, and for land exchanges where the lands exchanged shall be of equal value or shall be equalized by a payment of money to the grantor which shall not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interests transferred out of Federal ownership, $1,202,766,000: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed one for replacement only: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for the construction, alteration, and repair of build-ings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided, the cost of constructing any one building shall not exceed $500,000, except for headhouses or greenhouses which shall each be limited to $1,800,000, except for 10 build-ings to be constructed or improved at a cost not to exceed $1,100,000 each, and except for two buildings to be constructed at a cost not to exceed $3,000,000 each, and the cost of al-tering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the cur-rent replacement value of the building or $500,000, whichever is greater: Provided fur-ther, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for entering into lease agreements at any Agricultural Research Service loca-tion for the construction of a research facil-ity by a non-Federal entity for use by the Agricultural Research Service and a condi-tion of the lease shall be that any facility shall be owned, operated, and maintained by the non-Federal entity and shall be removed upon the expiration or termination of the lease agreement: Provided further, That the limitations on alterations contained in this Act shall not apply to modernization or re-placement of existing facilities at Beltsville, Maryland: Provided further, That appropria-tions hereunder shall be available for grant-ing easements at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center: Provided further, That the foregoing limitations shall not apply to re-placement of buildings needed to carry out the Act of April 24, 1948 (21 U.S.C. 113a): Pro- vided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a non-Federal entity for use by, and accept-able to, the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the easements shall be that upon completion the facility shall be accepted by the Secretary, subject to the availability of funds herein, if the Secretary finds that acceptance of the facility is in the interest of the United States: Provided fur-ther, That funds may be received from any State, other political subdivision, organiza-tion, or individual for the purpose of estab-lishing or operating any research facility or research project of the Agricultural Re-search Service, as authorized by law. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the acquisition of land, construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities as necessary to carry out the agricultural re-search programs of the Department of Agri-culture, where not otherwise provided, $140,600,000 to remain available until ex-pended. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND  A
GRICULTURE  
RESEARCH AND EDUCATION ACTIVITIES  For payments to agricultural experiment stations, for cooperative forestry and other research, for facilities, and for other ex-penses, $887,171,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Research and Education Ac-tivities’’ in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Pro- vided, That funds for research grants for 1994 institutions, education grants for 1890 insti-tutions, capacity building for non-land-grant colleges of agriculture, the agriculture and food research initiative, veterinary medicine loan repayment, multicultural scholars, graduate fellowship and institution chal-lenge grants, and grants management sys-tems shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each institution eligi-ble to receive funds under the Evans-Allen program receives no less than $1,000,000: Pro- vided further, That funds for education grants for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian-serv-ing institutions be made available to indi-vidual eligible institutions or consortia of el-igible institutions with funds awarded equal-ly to each of the States of Alaska and Ha-waii: Provided further, That funds for edu-cation grants for 1890 institutions shall be made available to institutions eligible to re-ceive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 and 3222: Pro- vided further, That not more than 5 percent of the amounts made available by this or any other Act to carry out the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) may be retained by the Secretary of Agriculture to pay administrative costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out that authority. 
NATIVE AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS ENDOWMENT  
FUND  For the Native American Institutions En-dowment Fund authorized by Public Law 103–382 (7 U.S.C. 301 note), $11,880,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXTENSION ACTIVITIES  For payments to States, the District of Co-lumbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Is-lands, Micronesia, the Northern Marianas, and American Samoa, $483,626,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘Na-tional Institute of Food and Agriculture, Ex-tension Activities’’ in the explanatory state-ment described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That funds for facility im-provements at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 for cooperative extension receive no less than $1,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That funds for cooperative extension under sections 3(b) and (c) of the Smith- Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343(b) and (c)) and section 208(c) of Public Law 93–471 shall be available for retirement and employees’ compensation costs for extension agents. INTEGRATED ACTIVITIES  For the integrated research, education, and extension grants programs, including necessary administrative expenses, $37,000,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table ti-tled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Integrated Activities’’ in the explan-atory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this con-solidated Act): Provided, That funds for the Food and Agriculture Defense Initiative shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, indirect costs shall not be charged against any Extension Implementation Program Area grant award-ed under the Crop Protection/Pest Manage-ment Program (7 U.S.C. 7626). O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  M
ARKETING AND REGULATORY PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Marketing and Regu-latory Programs, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agen-cy in the Marketing and Regulatory Pro-grams mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administra-tive support staff for the Office. A
NIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION  S
ERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, including up to $30,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4085), $981,893,000, of which $470,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for the control of outbreaks of insects, plant diseases, animal diseases and for control of pest animals and birds (‘‘contingency fund’’) to the extent necessary to meet emergency conditions; of which $11,520,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used for the cotton pests program for cost share pur-poses or for debt retirement for active eradi-cation zones; of which $37,857,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Animal Health Technical Services; of which $705,000 shall be for activities under the authority of the Horse Protection Act of 1970, as amended (15 U.S.C. 1831); of which $62,840,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be used to support avian health; of which $4,251,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for information technology infrastructure; of which $178,170,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for specialty crop pests; of which, $9,326,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for field crop and range-land ecosystem pests; of which $16,523,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for zoonotic disease management; of which $40,966,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for emergency preparedness and response; of which $56,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for tree and wood pests; of which $5,725,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Na-tional Veterinary Stockpile; of which up to $1,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the scrapie program for indemnities; of which $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the wildlife damage management program for aviation safety: Provided, That of amounts available under this heading for wildlife 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1772 March 22, 2018 
services methods development, $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That of amounts available under this heading for the screwworm pro-gram, $4,990,000 shall remain available until expended; of which $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Na-tional Bio and Agro-Defense human capital development: Provided further, That no funds shall be used to formulate or administer a brucellosis eradication program for the cur-rent fiscal year that does not require min-imum matching by the States of at least 40 percent: Provided further, That this appro-priation shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the pur-chase of not to exceed five, of which two shall be for replacement only: Provided fur-ther, That in addition, in emergencies which threaten any segment of the agricultural production industry of the United States, the Secretary may transfer from other ap-propriations or funds available to the agen-cies or corporations of the Department such sums as may be deemed necessary, to be available only in such emergencies for the arrest and eradication of contagious or infec-tious disease or pests of animals, poultry, or plants, and for expenses in accordance with sections 10411 and 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8310 and 8316) and sections 431 and 442 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751 and 7772), and any unex-pended balances of funds transferred for such emergency purposes in the preceding fiscal year shall be merged with such transferred amounts: Provided further, That appropria-tions hereunder shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the repair and alter-ation of leased buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided the cost of al-tering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the cur-rent replacement value of the building. In fiscal year 2018, the agency is authorized to collect fees to cover the total costs of pro-viding technical assistance, goods, or serv-ices requested by States, other political sub-divisions, domestic and international organi-zations, foreign governments, or individuals, provided that such fees are structured such that any entity’s liability for such fees is reasonably based on the technical assistance, goods, or services provided to the entity by the agency, and such fees shall be reim-bursed to this account, to remain available until expended, without further appropria-tion, for providing such assistance, goods, or services. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, preventive maintenance, environmental support, im-provement, extension, alteration, and pur-chase of fixed equipment or facilities, as au-thorized by 7 U.S.C. 2250, and acquisition of land as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 428a, $3,175,000, to remain available until expended. A
GRICULTURAL MARKETING SERVICE  
MARKETING SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Marketing Service, $151,595,000, of which $3,000,000 shall be available for the purposes of section 12306 of Public Law 113–79: Pro- vided, That this appropriation shall be avail-able pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and im-provements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not ex-ceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. Fees may be collected for the cost of stand-ardization activities, as established by regu-lation pursuant to law (31 U.S.C. 9701). 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $61,227,000 (from fees col-lected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses: Pro- vided, That if crop size is understated and/or other uncontrollable events occur, the agen-cy may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. FUNDS FOR STRENGTHENING MARKETS , INCOME , 
AND SUPPLY (SECTION 32)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Funds available under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c), shall be used only for commodity program expenses as authorized therein, and other related op-erating expenses, except for: (1) transfers to the Department of Commerce as authorized by the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.); (2) transfers otherwise provided in this Act; and (3) not more than $20,705,000 for formulation and administration of mar-keting agreements and orders pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 and the Agricultural Act of 1961 (Pub-lic Law 87–128). 
PAYMENTS TO STATES AND POSSESSIONS  For payments to departments of agri-culture, bureaus and departments of mar-kets, and similar agencies for marketing ac-tivities under section 204(b) of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)), $1,235,000. 
LIMITATION ON INSPECTION AND WEIGHING  
SERVICES EXPENSES  Not to exceed $55,000,000 (from fees col-lected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for inspection and weighing serv-ices: Provided, That if grain export activities require additional supervision and oversight, or other uncontrollable factors occur, this limitation may be exceeded by up to 10 per-cent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD S
AFETY  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food Safety, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food Safety mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. F
OODSAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICE  For necessary expenses to carry out serv-ices authorized by the Federal Meat Inspec-tion Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, including not to exceed $50,000 for represen-tation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $1,056,844,000; and in addi-tion, $1,000,000 may be credited to this ac-count from fees collected for the cost of lab-oratory accreditation as authorized by sec-tion 1327 of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 138f): Pro- vided, That funds provided for the Public Health Data Communication Infrastructure system shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That no fewer than 148 full-time equivalent positions shall be employed during fiscal year 2018 for purposes dedicated solely to inspections and enforce-ment related to the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.): Provided further, That not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Food Safety and Inspection Service shall issue equivalence determinations for all countries wishing to continue exporting Siluriformes to the United States: Provided further, That unless the requirements pursuant to the pre-vious proviso have been met, thereafter, none of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to inspect, at point of entry, Siluriformes from countries exporting to the United States until all re-quirements under section 557.2 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations have been met and a final determination of equivalence final rule has been published in the Federal Register adding such countries to the list under section 327.2 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $7,500,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for public health veterinarian re-cruitment and retention incentives: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. TITLE II FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION PROGRAMS OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FARM P
RODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Farm Production and Conservation mis-sion area for salaries and expenses are avail-able to fund up to one administrative sup-port staff for the Office. F
ARMPRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  B
USINESS CENTER  For necessary expenses of the Farm Pro-duction and Conservation Business Center, $1,028,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $145,000 of amounts appropriated for the current fiscal year pur-suant to section 1241(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)) shall be transferred to and merged with this account. F
ARMSERVICE AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Farm Serv-ice Agency, $1,202,146,000: Provided, That not more than 50 percent of the $78,013,000 made available under this heading for information technology related to farm program deliv-ery, including the Modernize and Innovate the Delivery of Agricultural Systems and other farm program delivery systems, may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and receives written or electronic notification of receipt from such Committees of, a plan for expenditure that (1) identifies for each project/investment over $25,000 (a) the functional and perform-ance capabilities to be delivered and the mis-sion benefits to be realized, (b) the estimated lifecycle cost, including estimates for devel-opment as well as maintenance and oper-ations, and (c) key milestones to be met; (2) demonstrates that each project/investment is, (a) consistent with the Farm Service Agency Information Technology Roadmap, (b) being managed in accordance with appli-cable lifecycle management policies and guidance, and (c) subject to the applicable Department’s capital planning and invest-ment control requirements; and (3) has been reviewed by the Government Accountability Office and approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That the agency shall sub-mit a report by the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 to the Committees on Ap-propriations and the Government Account-ability Office, that identifies for each project/investment that is operational (a) current performance against key indicators of customer satisfaction, (b) current per-formance of service level agreements or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1773 March 22, 2018 
other technical metrics, (c) current perform-ance against a pre-established cost baseline, (d) a detailed breakdown of current and planned spending on operational enhance-ments or upgrades, and (e) an assessment of whether the investment continues to meet business needs as intended as well as alter-natives to the investment: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to use the services, facilities, and authorities (but not the funds) of the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion to make program payments for all pro-grams administered by the Agency: Provided further, That other funds made available to the Agency for authorized activities may be advanced to and merged with this account: Provided further, That funds made available to county committees shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to close Farm Service Agency county offices: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to permanently relocate county based employees that would result in an office with two or fewer employ-ees without prior notification and approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
STATE MEDIATION GRANTS  For grants pursuant to section 502(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, as amended (7 U.S.C. 5101–5106), $3,904,000. 
GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PROTECTION  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out well-head or groundwater protection activities under section 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2), $6,500,000, to re-main available until expended. 
DAIRY INDEMNITY PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses involved in making indemnity payments to dairy farmers and manufacturers of dairy products under a dairy indemnity program, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such program is car-ried out by the Secretary in the same man-ner as the dairy indemnity program de-scribed in the Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–387, 114 Stat. 1549A–12). 
AGRICULTURAL CREDIT INSURANCE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed farm own-ership (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) and operating (7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq.) loans, emergency loans (7 U.S.C. 1961 et seq.), Indian tribe land acquisi-tion loans (25 U.S.C. 488), boll weevil loans (7 U.S.C. 1989), guaranteed conservation loans (7 U.S.C. 1924 et seq.), and Indian highly fractionated land loans (25 U.S.C. 488) to be available from funds in the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund, as follows: $2,750,000,000 for guaranteed farm ownership loans and $1,500,000,000 for farm ownership di-rect loans; $1,960,000,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans and $1,530,000,000 for direct operating loans; emergency loans, $25,610,000; Indian tribe land acquisition loans, $20,000,000; guaranteed conservation loans, $150,000,000; Indian highly fractionated land loans, $10,000,000; and for boll weevil eradication program loans, $60,000,000: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall deem the pink bollworm to be a boll weevil for the purpose of boll weevil eradication program loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans and grants, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: farm operating loans, $61,812,000 for direct operating loans, $21,756,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans, emergency loans, $1,260,000 and $2,272,000 for Indian high-ly fractionated land loans to remain avail-able until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guar-anteed loan programs, $325,068,000: Provided, That of this amount, $314,998,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’, of which $8,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019. Funds appropriated by this Act to the Ag-ricultural Credit Insurance Program Ac-count for farm ownership, operating and con-servation direct loans and guaranteed loans may be transferred among these programs: Provided, That the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. RISKMANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Risk Man-agement Agency, $74,829,000: Provided, That not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for of-ficial reception and representation expenses, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 1506(i). N
ATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
CONSERVATION OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for carrying out the provisions of the Act of April 27, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 590a–f), including preparation of con-servation plans and establishment of meas-ures to conserve soil and water (including farm irrigation and land drainage and such special measures for soil and water manage-ment as may be necessary to prevent floods and the siltation of reservoirs and to control agricultural related pollutants); operation of conservation plant materials centers; classi-fication and mapping of soil; dissemination of information; acquisition of lands, water, and interests therein for use in the plant ma-terials program by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100 pursuant to the Act of August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 428a); purchase and erection or alter-ation or improvement of permanent and tem-porary buildings; and operation and mainte-nance of aircraft, $874,107,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for con-struction and improvement of buildings and public improvements at plant materials cen-ters, except that the cost of alterations and improvements to other buildings and other public improvements shall not exceed $250,000: Provided further, That when build-ings or other structures are erected on non- Federal land, that the right to use such land is obtained as provided in 7 U.S.C. 2250a: Pro- vided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,600,000, shall remain available until expended for the au-thorities under 16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007– 1009 for authorized ongoing watershed projects with a primary purpose of providing water to rural communities. 
WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION  
OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out pre-ventive measures, including but not limited to surveys and investigations, engineering operations, works of improvement, and changes in use of land, in accordance with the Watershed Protection and Flood Preven-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007–1009) and in accordance with the provisions of laws relating to the activities of the Depart-ment, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for funds provided by this Act or any other prior Act, the limi-tation regarding the size of the watershed or subwatershed exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand acres in which such activities can be undertaken shall only apply for ac-tivities undertaken for the primary purpose of flood prevention (including structural and land treatment measures): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $50,000,000 shall be allocated to projects and activities that can commence promptly following enactment; that address regional priorities for flood prevention, agri-cultural water management, inefficient irri-gation systems, fish and wildlife habitat, or watershed protection; or that address au-thorized ongoing projects under the authori-ties of section 13 of the Flood Control Act of December 22, 1944 (Public Law 78–534) with a primary purpose of watershed protection by preventing floodwater damage and stabi-lizing stream channels, tributaries, and banks to reduce erosion and sediment trans-port. WATERSHED REHABILITATION PROGRAM  Under the authorities of section 14 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act, $10,000,000 is provided: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this head-ing, $5,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for watershed rehabilitation projects in states with high-hazard dams and other watershed structures and that have recently incurred flooding events which caused fatali-ties. CORPORATIONS The following corporations and agencies are hereby authorized to make expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing au-thority available to each such corporation or agency and in accord with law, and to make contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by sec-tion 104 of the Government Corporation Con-trol Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation or agency, except as hereinafter provided. F
EDERAL CROPINSURANCE CORPORATION FUND For payments as authorized by section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516), such sums as may be necessary, to re-main available until expended. C
OMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION FUND 
REIMBURSEMENT FOR NET REALIZED LOSSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary to reimburse the Com-modity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reim-bursed, pursuant to section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11): Provided, That of the funds available to the Com-modity Credit Corporation under section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Char-ter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i) for the conduct of its business with the Foreign Agricultural Serv-ice, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to and used by the Foreign Agricultural Service for information resource management activities of the Foreign Agricultural Service that are not related to Commodity Credit Corpora-tion business. 
HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT  
(LIMITATION ON EXPENSES)  For the current fiscal year, the Commodity Credit Corporation shall not expend more than $5,000,000 for site investigation and cleanup expenses, and operations and main-tenance expenses to comply with the require-ment of section 107(g) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607(g)), and section 6001 of the Resource Conservation and Recov-ery Act (42 U.S.C. 6961). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1774 March 22, 2018 
TITLE III RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS R
URAL DEVELOPMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for carrying out the administration and implementation of Rural Development programs, including ac-tivities with institutions concerning the de-velopment and operation of agricultural co-operatives; and for cooperative agreements; $230,835,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appro-priated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that support Rural Development programs: Pro- vided further, That in addition to any other funds appropriated for purposes authorized by section 502(i) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472(i)), any amounts collected under such section, as amended by this Act, will immediately be credited to this account and will remain available until expended for such purposes. R
URAL HOUSING SERVICE  
RURAL HOUSING INSURANCE FUND PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as au-thorized by title V of the Housing Act of 1949, to be available from funds in the rural housing insurance fund, as follows: $1,100,000,000 shall be for direct loans and $24,000,000,000 shall be for unsubsidized guar-anteed loans; $28,000,000 for section 504 hous-ing repair loans; $40,000,000 for section 515 rental housing; $230,000,000 for section 538 guaranteed multi-family housing loans; $10,000,000 for credit sales of single family housing acquired property; $5,000,000 for sec-tion 523 self-help housing land development loans; and $5,000,000 for section 524 site devel-opment loans: Provided, That section 514(f)(3)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484(f)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘United States’’ and inserting ‘‘United States,’’ and by inserting before the semi-colon the following: ‘‘, or a person legally ad-mitted to the United States and authorized to work in agriculture’’. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: section 502 loans, $42,350,000 shall be for direct loans; section 504 housing repair loans, $3,452,000; section 523 self-help housing land develop-ment loans, $368,000; section 524 site develop-ment loans, $58,000; and repair, rehabilita-tion, and new construction of section 515 rental housing, $10,524,000: Provided, That to support the loan program level for section 538 guaranteed loans made available under this heading the Secretary may charge or ad-just any fees to cover the projected cost of such loan guarantees pursuant to the provi-sions of the Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and the interest on such loans may not be subsidized: Provided further, That applicants in communities that have a current rural area waiver under section 541 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490q) shall be treated as living in a rural area for purposes of section 502 guaranteed loans pro-vided under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts available under this paragraph for section 502 direct loans, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available for direct loans for individuals whose homes will be built pursuant to a program funded with a mutual and self-help housing grant author-ized by section 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 until June 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall implement provisions to pro-vide incentives to nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities to facilitate the acquisition of Rural Housing Service (RHS) multifamily housing properties by such nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multifamily housing program for a period of time as de-termined by the Secretary, with such incen-tives to include, but not be limited to, the following: allow such nonprofit entities and public housing authorities to earn a Return on Investment on their own resources to in-clude proceeds from low income housing tax credit syndication, own contributions, grants, and developer loans at favorable rates and terms, invested in a deal; and allow reimbursement of organizational costs asso-ciated with owner’s oversight of asset re-ferred to as ‘‘Asset Management Fee’’ of up to $7,500 per property. In addition, for the cost of direct loans, grants, and contracts, as authorized by sec-tions 514 and 516 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484, 1486), $14,710,000, to remain available until expended, for direct farm labor housing loans and domestic farm labor housing grants and contracts: Provided, That any balances available for the Farm Labor Program Account shall be transferred to and merged with this account. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guar-anteed loan programs, $412,254,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed pursuant to the authority under section 521(a)(2) of the Housing Act of 1949 or agreements entered into in lieu of debt forgiveness or payments for eligible households as authorized by section 502(c)(5)(D) of the Housing Act of 1949, $1,345,293,000, of which $40,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019; and in ad-dition such sums as may be necessary, as au-thorized by section 521(c) of the Act, to liq-uidate debt incurred prior to fiscal year 1992 to carry out the rental assistance program under section 521(a)(2) of the Act: Provided, That rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed during the current fiscal year shall be funded for a one-year period: Provided further, That any unexpended bal-ances remaining at the end of such one-year agreements may be transferred and used for purposes of any debt reduction; mainte-nance, repair, or rehabilitation of any exist-ing projects; preservation; and rental assist-ance activities authorized under title V of the Act: Provided further, That rental assist-ance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2018 for a farm labor multi-family housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act may not be re-captured for use in another project until such assistance has remained unused for a period of 12 consecutive months, if such project has a waiting list of tenants seeking such assistance or the project has rental as-sistance eligible tenants who are not receiv-ing such assistance: Provided further, That such recaptured rental assistance shall, to the extent practicable, be applied to another farm labor multi-family housing project fi-nanced under section 514 or 516 of the Act: Provided further, That except as provided in the third proviso under this heading and not-withstanding any other provision of the Act, the Secretary may recapture rental assist-ance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2018 for a project that the Secretary determines no longer needs rental assistance and use such recaptured funds for current needs. MULTI -FAMILY HOUSING REVITALIZATION  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the rural housing voucher program as authorized under section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, but notwithstanding subsection (b) of such section, and for additional costs to conduct a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multi-fam-ily rental housing properties described in this paragraph, $47,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $25,000,000, shall be available for rural hous-ing vouchers to any low-income household (including those not receiving rental assist-ance) residing in a property financed with a section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005: Provided further, That the amount of such voucher shall be the dif-ference between comparable market rent for the section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further, That funds made available for such vouchers shall be subject to the availability of annual appro-priations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, administer such vouchers with cur-rent regulations and administrative guid-ance applicable to section 8 housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That if the Secretary deter-mines that the amount made available for vouchers in this or any other Act is not needed for vouchers, the Secretary may use such funds for the demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multi-family rental housing properties de-scribed in this paragraph: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $22,000,000 shall be available for a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of the sections 514, 515, and 516 multi-family rental housing prop-erties to restructure existing USDA multi- family housing loans, as the Secretary deems appropriate, expressly for the purposes of en-suring the project has sufficient resources to preserve the project for the purpose of pro-viding safe and affordable housing for low-in-come residents and farm laborers including reducing or eliminating interest; deferring loan payments, subordinating, reducing or reamortizing loan debt; and other financial assistance including advances, payments and incentives (including the ability of owners to obtain reasonable returns on investment) re-quired by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary shall as part of the pres-ervation and revitalization agreement obtain a restrictive use agreement consistent with the terms of the restructuring: Provided fur-ther, That if the Secretary determines that additional funds for vouchers described in this paragraph are needed, funds for the pres-ervation and revitalization demonstration program may be used for such vouchers: Pro- vided further, That if Congress enacts legisla-tion to permanently authorize a multi-fam-ily rental housing loan restructuring pro-gram similar to the demonstration program described herein, the Secretary may use funds made available for the demonstration program under this heading to carry out such legislation with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That in addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administra-tive expenses for activities funded under this heading. 
MUTUAL AND SELF -HELP HOUSING GRANTS  For grants and contracts pursuant to sec-tion 523(b)(1)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490c), $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1775 March 22, 2018 
RURAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For grants for very low-income housing re-pair and rural housing preservation made by the Rural Housing Service, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1474, and 1490m, $40,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RURAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as au-thorized by section 306 and described in sec-tion 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $2,800,000,000 for di-rect loans and $148,287,000 for guaranteed loans. For the cost of guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, $4,849,000, to remain available until expended. For the cost of grants for rural community facilities programs as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $43,778,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for a Rural Community Development Initiative: Provided further, That such funds shall be used solely to de-velop the capacity and ability of private, nonprofit community-based housing and community development organizations, low- income rural communities, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes to un-dertake projects to improve housing, com-munity facilities, community and economic development projects in rural areas: Provided further, That such funds shall be made avail-able to qualified private, nonprofit and pub-lic intermediary organizations proposing to carry out a program of financial and tech-nical assistance: Provided further, That such intermediary organizations shall provide matching funds from other sources, includ-ing Federal funds for related activities, in an amount not less than funds provided: Pro- vided further, That $5,778,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be to provide grants for facilities in rural commu-nities with extreme unemployment and se-vere economic depression (Public Law 106– 387), with up to 5 percent for administration and capacity building in the State rural de-velopment offices: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for commu-nity facilities grants to tribal colleges, as authorized by section 306(a)(19) of such Act: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. R
URAL BUSINESS —COOPERATIVE SERVICE  
RURAL BUSINESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of loan guarantees and grants, for the rural business development programs authorized by section 310B and described in subsections (a), (c), (f) and (g) of section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act, $77,342,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, not to ex-ceed $500,000 shall be made available for one grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural trans-portation in order to promote economic de-velopment and $6,000,000 shall be for grants to the Delta Regional Authority (7 U.S.C. 2009aa et seq.) and the Appalachian Regional Commission (40 U.S.C. 14101 et seq.) for any Rural Community Advancement Program purpose as described in section 381E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative expenses: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appro-priated under this heading shall be for busi-ness grants to benefit Federally Recognized Native American Tribes, including $250,000 for a grant to a qualified national organiza-tion to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applica-ble to funds made available under this head-ing. INTERMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM FUND  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), $18,889,000. For the cost of direct loans, $4,361,000, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), of which $557,000 shall be available through June 30, 2018, for Federally Recognized Na-tive American Tribes; and of which $1,072,000 shall be available through June 30, 2018, for Mississippi Delta Region counties (as deter-mined in accordance with Public Law 100– 460): Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan programs, $4,468,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Sala-ries and Expenses’’. 
RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT LOANS  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized under section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of pro-moting rural economic development and job creation projects, $45,000,000. The cost of grants authorized under sec-tion 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic de-velopment and job creation projects shall not exceed $10,000,000. 
RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS  For rural cooperative development grants authorized under section 310B(e) of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932), $27,550,000, of which $2,750,000 shall be for cooperative agreements for the appropriate technology transfer for rural areas program: Provided, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for grants for cooperative development centers, individual coopera-tives, or groups of cooperatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups and a major-ity of the boards of directors or governing boards of which are comprised of individuals who are members of socially disadvantaged groups; and of which $16,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for value- added agricultural product market develop-ment grants, as authorized by section 231 of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a), of which $1,000,000 shall be for Agriculture Innovation Centers author-ized pursuant to section 6402 of Public Law 107–171. 
RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PROGRAM  For the cost of a program of loan guaran-tees, under the same terms and conditions as authorized by section 9007 of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107), $293,000: Provided, That the cost of loan guarantees, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE  
RURAL WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, loan guaran-tees, and grants for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste man-agement programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B and de-scribed in sections 306C(a)(2), 306D, 306E, and 381E(d)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $560,263,000, to re-main available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306(a)(2)(B) of such Act, and of which not to exceed $993,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306E of such Act: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $15,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for grants au-thorized by section 306A(i)(2) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act in addition to funding authorized by section 306A(i)(1) of such Act and such grants may not exceed $1,000,000 notwithstanding section 306A(f)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That $68,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for loans and grants in-cluding water and waste disposal systems grants authorized by section 306C(a)(2)(B) and section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes author-ized by 306C(a)(1) of such Act: Provided fur-ther, That funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act may be provided to a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83: Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act may be used by the State of Alaska for training and technical assistance programs and not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by a consortium formed pursu-ant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83 for training and technical assistance programs: Provided further, That not to exceed $40,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical assistance grants for rural water and waste systems pursuant to section 306(a)(14) of such Act, un-less the Secretary makes a determination of extreme need, of which $8,000,000 shall be made available for a grant to a qualified nonprofit multi-State regional technical as-sistance organization, with experience in working with small communities on water and waste water problems, the principal pur-pose of such grant shall be to assist rural communities with populations of 3,300 or less, in improving the planning, financing, development, operation, and management of water and waste water systems, and of which not less than $800,000 shall be for a qualified national Native American organization to provide technical assistance for rural water systems for tribal communities: Provided fur-ther, That not to exceed $19,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for contracting with qualified na-tional organizations for a circuit rider pro-gram to provide technical assistance for rural water systems: Provided further, That not to exceed $4,000,000 shall be for solid waste management grants: Provided further, That $10,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be transferred to, and merged with, the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account to provide grants authorized under section 19 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a): Provided further, That any prior year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1776 March 22, 2018 
balances for high-energy cost grants author-ized by section 19 of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a) shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. 
RURAL ELECTRIFICATION AND TELECOMMUNI -
CATIONS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The principal amount of direct and guaran-teed loans as authorized by sections 305, 306, and 317 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935, 936, and 940g) shall be made as follows: loans made pursuant to sections 305, 306, and 317, notwithstanding 317(c), of that Act, rural electric, $5,500,000,000; guar-anteed underwriting loans pursuant to sec-tion 313A, $750,000,000; 5 percent rural tele-communications loans, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, and for loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural telecommunications loans, $690,000,000: Provided, That up to $2,000,000,000 shall be used for the construction, acquisition, or im-provement of fossil-fueled electric gener-ating plants (whether new or existing) that utilize carbon sequestration systems. For the cost of direct loans as authorized by section 305 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935), including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, $863,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guar-anteed loan programs, $33,270,000, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
DISTANCE LEARNING , TELEMEDICINE , AND 
BROADBAND PROGRAM  For the principal amount of broadband telecommunication loans, $29,851,000. For grants for telemedicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as author-ized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq., $32,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $3,000,000 shall be made available for grants authorized by 379G of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act: Pro- vided further, That funding provided under this heading for grants under 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may only be provided to entities that meet all of the eligibility criteria for a con-sortium as established by this section. For the cost of broadband loans, as author-ized by section 601 of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the cost of direct loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, for a grant program to fi-nance broadband transmission in rural areas eligible for Distance Learning and Telemedi-cine Program benefits authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa. TITLE IV DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD, N
UTRITION , ANDCONSUMER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agen-cy in the Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services mission area for salaries and ex-penses are available to fund up to one admin-istrative support staff for the Office. FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE  
CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), except section 21, and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.), except sections 17 and 21; $24,254,139,000 to remain available through September 30, 2019, of which such sums as are made available under section 14222(b)(1) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246), as amended by this Act, shall be merged with and available for the same time period and purposes as pro-vided herein: Provided, That of the total amount available, $17,004,000 shall be avail-able to carry out section 19 of the Child Nu-trition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount available, $30,000,000 shall be available to provide competitive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to purchase the equipment, with a value of greater than $1,000, needed to serve healthier meals, improve food safety, and to help support the establishment, main-tenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $28,000,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropriations Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–80): Provided further, That section 26(d) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769g(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2010 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2010 through 2018’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(3) of the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(3)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fis-cal year 2018’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(4) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(4)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fis-cal year 2018’’. 
SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION PROGRAM  
FOR WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC)  For necessary expenses to carry out the special supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutri-tion Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $6,175,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, of which $25,000,000 shall be placed in re-serve, to remain available until expended, to be allocated as the Secretary deemed nec-essary, notwithstanding section 17(i) of such Act, to support participation should cost or participation exceed budget estimates: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding section 17(h)(10) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786(h)(10)), not less than $60,000,000 shall be used for breastfeeding peer counselors and other related activities, and $14,000,000 shall be used for infrastructure: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this ac-count shall be available for the purchase of infant formula except in accordance with the cost containment and competitive bidding requirements specified in section 17 of such Act: Provided further, That none of the funds provided shall be available for activities that are not fully reimbursed by other Federal Government departments or agencies unless authorized by section 17 of such Act: Pro- vided further, That upon termination of a fed-erally mandated vendor moratorium and subject to terms and conditions established by the Secretary, the Secretary may waive the requirement at 7 CFR 246.12(g)(6) at the request of a State agency. 
SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), $74,013,499,000, of which $3,000,000,000, to remain available through December 31, 2019, shall be placed in reserve for use only in such amounts and at such times as may be-come necessary to carry out program oper-ations: Provided, That funds provided herein shall be expended in accordance with section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008: Pro- vided further, That of the funds made avail-able under this heading, $998,000 may be used to provide nutrition education services to State agencies and Federally Recognized Tribes participating in the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be sub-ject to any work registration or workfare re-quirements as may be required by law: Pro- vided further, That funds made available for Employment and Training under this head-ing shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for sec-tion 28(d)(1), section 4(b), and section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 shall re-main available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be obli-gated or expended in contravention of sec-tion 213A of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1183A): Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing may be used to enter into contracts and employ staff to conduct studies, evaluations, or to conduct activities related to program integrity provided that such activities are authorized by the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out dis-aster assistance and the Commodity Supple-mental Food Program as authorized by sec-tion 4(a) of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note); the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983; special assistance for the nuclear affected is-lands, as authorized by section 103(f)(2) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188); and the Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as au-thorized by section 17(m) of the Child Nutri-tion Act of 1966, $322,139,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2019: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion for commodities donated to the pro-gram: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, effective with funds made available in fiscal year 2018 to support the Seniors Farmers’ Market Nutri-tion Program, as authorized by section 4402 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, such funds shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That of the funds made available under sec-tion 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)), the Secretary may use up to 15 percent for costs associated with the distribution of commodities. 
NUTRITION PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary administrative expenses of the Food and Nutrition Service for carrying out any domestic nutrition assistance pro-gram, $153,841,000: Provided, That of the funds provided herein, $2,000,000 shall be used for the purposes of section 4404 of Public Law 107–171, as amended by section 4401 of Public Law 110–246. TITLE V FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND RELATED PROGRAMS O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR TRADE  
ANDFOREIGN AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agri-cultural Affairs, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1777 March 22, 2018 
agency in the Trade and Foreign Agricul-tural Affairs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office. 
OFFICE OF CODEX ALIMENTARIUS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Codex Alimentarius, $3,796,000. F
OREIGN AGRICULTURAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Foreign Ag-ricultural Service, including not to exceed $250,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act ap-proved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $199,666,000, of which no more than 6 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for overseas operations to include the payment of locally employed staff: Provided, That the Service may utilize advances of funds, or reimburse this appropriation for ex-penditures made on behalf of Federal agen-cies, public and private organizations and in-stitutions under agreements executed pursu-ant to the agricultural food production as-sistance programs (7 U.S.C. 1737) and the for-eign assistance programs of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment: Provided further, That funds made available for middle-income country training programs, funds made available for the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship program, and up to $2,000,000 of the Foreign Agricultural Service appropriation solely for the purpose of offsetting fluctuations in international currency exchange rates, subject to docu-mentation by the Foreign Agricultural Serv-ice, shall remain available until expended. 
FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE I DIRECT CREDIT AND  
FOOD FOR PROGRESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the credit program of title I, Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480) and the Food for Progress Act of 1985, $149,000, shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Ex-penses’’. 
FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE II GRANTS  For expenses during the current fiscal year, not otherwise recoverable, and unre-covered prior years’ costs, including interest thereon, under the Food for Peace Act (Pub-lic Law 83–480), for commodities supplied in connection with dispositions abroad under title II of said Act, $1,600,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall in each instance notify in writing the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress, the Committee on Agriculture of the House, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House, and the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and make publicly available online the amount and use of authority in section 202(a) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722(a)) to notwithstand the minimum level of nonemergency assistance required by sec-tion 412(e)(2) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f(e)(2)) not later than 15 days after the date of such action. 
MCGOVERN -DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR  
EDUCATION AND CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAM  
GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3107 of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1), $207,626,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $1,000,000 is for the use of recently developed potable water technologies in school feeding projects: Pro- vided, That the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion is authorized to provide the services, fa-cilities, and authorities for the purpose of implementing such section, subject to reim-bursement from amounts provided herein: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $10,000,000, shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of section 3207 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 1726c). COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION EXPORT  
(LOANS) CREDIT GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the Commodity Credit Corporation’s Export Guarantee Program, GSM 102 and GSM 103, $8,845,000; to cover common overhead ex-penses as permitted by section 11 of the Com-modity Credit Corporation Charter Act and in conformity with the Federal Credit Re-form Act of 1990, of which $6,382,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Foreign Agricultural Service, Salaries and Expenses’’, and of which $2,463,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. TITLE VI RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION D
EPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN  S
ERVICES  
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Food and Drug Administration, including hire and pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles; for pay-ment of space rental and related costs pursu-ant to Public Law 92–313 for programs and activities of the Food and Drug Administra-tion which are included in this Act; for rent-al of special purpose space in the District of Columbia or elsewhere; in addition to amounts appropriated to the FDA Innova-tion Account, for carrying out the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act (Public Law 114–255); for mis-cellaneous and emergency expenses of en-forcement activities, authorized and ap-proved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $25,000; and notwithstanding sec-tion 521 of Public Law 107–188; $5,138,041,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $911,346,000 shall be derived from prescription drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379h, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended; $193,291,000 shall be derived from medical device user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j, and shall be credited to this ac-count and remain available until expended; $493,600,000 shall be derived from human ge-neric drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–42, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $40,214,000 shall be derived from biosimilar biological product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–52, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended; $18,093,000 shall be derived from ani-mal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–12, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $9,419,000 shall be derived from generic new animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–21, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $672,000,000 shall be derived from tobacco product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 387s, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That in addition to and not-withstanding any other provision under this heading, amounts collected for prescription drug user fees, medical device user fees, human generic drug user fees, biosimilar bio-logical product user fees, animal drug user fees, and generic new animal drug user fees that exceed the respective fiscal year 2018 limitations are appropriated and shall be credited to this account and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That fees derived from prescription drug, medical device, human generic drug, biosimilar bio-logical product, animal drug, and generic new animal drug assessments for fiscal year 2018, including any such fees collected prior to fiscal year 2018 but credited for fiscal year 2018, shall be subject to the fiscal year 2018 limitations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may accept payment during fiscal year 2018 of user fees specified under this heading and authorized for fiscal year 2019, prior to the due date for such fees, and that amounts of such fees assessed for fiscal year 2019 for which the Secretary accepts pay-ment in fiscal year 2018 shall not be included in amounts under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That none of these funds shall be used to develop, establish, or operate any program of user fees authorized by 31 U.S.C. 9701: Pro- vided further, That of the total amount ap-propriated: (1) $1,041,615,000 shall be for the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutri-tion and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (2) $1,617,881,000 shall be for the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (3) $359,614,000 shall be for the Center for Biologics Evalua-tion and Research and for related field ac-tivities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (4) $197,252,000 shall be for the Center for Vet-erinary Medicine and for related field activi-ties in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (5) $487,197,000 shall be for the Center for De-vices and Radiological Health and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (6) $63,331,000 shall be for the Na-tional Center for Toxicological Research; (7) $625,646,000 shall be for the Center for To-bacco Products and for related field activi-ties in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (8) not to exceed $172,003,000 shall be for Rent and Related activities, of which $50,559,000 is for White Oak Consolidation, other than the amounts paid to the General Services Ad-ministration for rent; (9) not to exceed $237,671,000 shall be for payments to the Gen-eral Services Administration for rent; and (10) $335,831,000 shall be for other activities, including the Office of the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Office of Foods and Vet-erinary Medicine, the Office of Medical and Tobacco Products, the Office of Global and Regulatory Policy, the Office of Operations, the Office of the Chief Scientist, and central services for these offices: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000 of this amount shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Commissioner: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to section 770(n) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(n)) shall only be from amounts made available under this heading for other activities: Provided further, That of the amounts that are made available under this heading for ‘‘other ac-tivities’’, and that are not derived from user fees, $1,500,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services—Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of the programs and operations of the Food and Drug Administration and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for over-sight of the Food and Drug Administration: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $1,500,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1778 March 22, 2018 
shall be used by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Agriculture, for consumer outreach and education regarding agricultural bio-technology and biotechnology-derived food products and animal feed, including through publication and distribution of science-based educational information on the environ-mental, nutritional, food safety, economic, and humanitarian impacts of such bio-technology, food products, and feed: Provided further, That funds may be transferred from one specified activity to another with the prior approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress. In addition, mammography user fees au-thorized by 42 U.S.C. 263b, export certifi-cation user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 381, priority review user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360n and 360ff, food and feed recall fees, food reinspection fees, and voluntary qualified importer program fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–31, outsourcing facility fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–62, prescription drug wholesale distributor licensing and in-spection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 353(e)(3), third-party logistics provider li-censing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360eee–3(c)(1), third-party auditor fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 384d(c)(8), and med-ical countermeasure priority review voucher user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4a, shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, improve-ment, extension, alteration, demolition, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of or used by the Food and Drug Administra-tion, where not otherwise provided, $11,788,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FDA INNOVATION ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described under section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes under the heading ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $60,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That amounts appropriated in this paragraph are appropriated pursuant to section 1002(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts trans-ferred under section 1002(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to the appropriation for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Food and Drug Administration—Sala-ries and Expenses’’ solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Commissioner that funds transferred pursuant to the pre-vious proviso are not necessary for the pur-poses provided, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to the account: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. INDEPENDENT AGENCIES C
OMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), including the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and the rental of space (to include multiple year leases), in the District of Columbia and else-where, $249,000,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, and not to exceed $25,000 for the expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign gov-ernmental and other regulatory officials, of which not less than $48,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for the purchase of information technology and of which not less than $2,700,000 shall be for expenses of the Office of the Inspector General: Provided, That notwithstanding the limitations in 31 U.S.C. 1553, amounts pro-vided under this heading are available for the liquidation of obligations equal to cur-rent year payments on leases entered into prior to the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That for the purpose of re-cording and liquidating any lease obligations that should have been recorded and liq-uidated against accounts closed pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1552, and consistent with the pre-ceding proviso, such amounts shall be trans-ferred to and recorded in a new no-year ac-count in the Treasury, which may be estab-lished for the sole purpose of recording ad-justments for and liquidating such unpaid obligations: Provided further, That if any fur-lough or reduction-in-force of personnel at the Commission occurs as a result of an ac-tion under 5 U.S.C. 7119, the Commission shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate no later than 30 days after the furlough or reduction-in-force oc-curs detailing the agency’s reasoning for conducting a furlough or reduction-in-force: Provided further, That in the report the Com-mission shall explain why the furlough or re-duction-in-force was the only reasonable course of action in response to an action taken under 5 U.S.C. 7119: Provided further, That after the conclusion of any furlough or reduction-in-force of the Commission in re-sponse to an action taken under 5 U.S.C. 7119, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that describes (1) the long-term cost of any pay increases the Commission must make in response to an action taken under 5 U.S.C. 7119; and (2) the operational impact of the furlough or reduction-in-force. FARMCREDIT ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $70,600,000 (from assessments collected from farm credit institutions, in-cluding the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative ex-penses as authorized under 12 U.S.C. 2249: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to expenses associated with receiver-ships: Provided further, That the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS AND TRANSFERS OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. Within the unit limit of cost fixed by law, appropriations and authorizations made for the Department of Agriculture for the current fiscal year under this Act shall be available for the purchase, in addition to those specifically provided for, of not to ex-ceed 71 passenger motor vehicles of which 68 shall be for replacement only, and for the hire of such vehicles: Provided, That notwith-standing this section, the only purchase of new passenger vehicles shall be for those de-termined by the Secretary to be necessary for transportation safety, to reduce oper-ational costs, and for the protection of life, property, and public safety. S
EC. 702. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may transfer unobligated balances of discre-tionary funds appropriated by this Act or any other available unobligated discre-tionary balances that are remaining avail-able of the Department of Agriculture to the Working Capital Fund for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture, such transferred funds to re-main available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be trans-ferred to the Working Capital Fund without the prior approval of the agency adminis-trator: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to this section shall be avail-able for obligation without written notifica-tion to and the prior approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Cap-ital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to make any changes to the De-partment’s National Finance Center without written notification to and prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress as required by section 717 of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Cap-ital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to initiate, plan, develop, imple-ment, or make any changes to remove or re-locate any systems, missions, or functions of the offices of the Chief Financial Officer or any personnel from the National Finance Center prior to written notification to and prior approval of the Committee on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress and in accordance with the requirements of section 717 of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture and the offices of the Chief Financial Officer shall actively market to existing and new Departments and other government agencies National Finance Center shared services including, but not limited to, payroll, financial management, and human capital shared services and allow the National Finance Center to perform technology upgrades: Provided further, That of annual income amounts in the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agri-culture attributable to the amounts in ex-cess of the true costs of the shared services provided by the National Finance Center and budgeted for the National Finance Center, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 4 percent for the replacement or acquisition of capital equipment, including equipment for the improvement, delivery, and implementa-tion of financial, administrative, and infor-mation technology services, and other sys-tems of the National Finance Center or to pay any unforeseen, extraordinary cost of the National Finance Center: Provided fur-ther, That none of the amounts reserved shall be available for obligation unless the Secretary submits written notification of the obligation to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Pro- vided further, That the limitations on the ob-ligation of funds pending notification to Congressional Committees shall not apply to any obligation that, as determined by the Secretary, is necessary to respond to a de-clared state of emergency that significantly impacts the operations of the National Fi-nance Center; or to evacuate employees of the National Finance Center to a safe haven to continue operations of the National Fi-nance Center: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall conduct and sub-mit a detailed cost benefit analysis to the Committees on Appropriations that includes a complete analysis of the National Finance Center data center and two other operation-ally comparable data centers in both size and complexity in supported applications that details and provides: (1) the cost effective-ness of each center; (2) a security analysis of each center; and (3) each center’s Federal Risk and Authorization Management Pro-gram (FedRAMP) certifications status and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1779 March 22, 2018 
the center’s demonstrated history record and ability for maintaining Continuity of Oper-ations Plan (COOP) functions and not miss critical operations: Provided further, That the cost-benefit analysis shall be submitted no later than 90 days after enactment of this Act to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That not later than 90 days after submission of the cost-benefit analysis, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a sufficiency review of the cost- benefit analysis, including any findings and recommendations relating to such review. S
EC. 703. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 704. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to pay negotiated indirect cost rates on cooperative agreements or similar arrangements between the United States De-partment of Agriculture and nonprofit insti-tutions in excess of 10 percent of the total di-rect cost of the agreement when the purpose of such cooperative arrangements is to carry out programs of mutual interest between the two parties. This does not preclude appro-priate payment of indirect costs on grants and contracts with such institutions when such indirect costs are computed on a simi-lar basis for all agencies for which appropria-tions are provided in this Act. S
EC. 705. Appropriations to the Department of Agriculture for the cost of direct and guaranteed loans made available in the cur-rent fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year for the following ac-counts: the Rural Development Loan Fund program account, the Rural Electrification and Telecommunication Loans program ac-count, and the Rural Housing Insurance Fund program account. S
EC. 706. None of the funds made available to the Department of Agriculture by this Act may be used to acquire new information technology systems or significant upgrades, as determined by the Office of the Chief In-formation Officer, without the approval of the Chief Information Officer and the con-currence of the Executive Information Tech-nology Investment Review Board: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this Act may be transferred to the Office of the Chief Infor-mation Officer without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress: Provided further, That, notwith-standing section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, none of the funds available to the Department of Agriculture for informa-tion technology shall be obligated for projects, contracts, or other agreements over $25,000 prior to receipt of written approval by the Chief Information Officer: Provided fur-ther, That the Chief Information Officer may authorize an agency to obligate funds with-out written approval from the Chief Informa-tion Officer for projects, contracts, or other agreements up to $250,000 based upon the per-formance of an agency measured against the performance plan requirements described in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 113–235. S
EC. 707. Funds made available under sec-tion 524(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524(b)) in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to dis-burse obligations made in the current fiscal year. S
EC. 708. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any former RUS borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or guaranteed loan under the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to receive an insured or di-rect loan under such Act, shall be eligible for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a borrower under such Act. SEC. 709. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Farm Service Agency shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for information technology expenses: Pro- vided, That except as otherwise specifically provided by law, unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Rural Devel-opment mission area shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for information technology expenses. S
EC. 710. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 711. In the case of each program estab-lished or amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79), other than by title I or subtitle A of title III of such Act, or pro-grams for which indefinite amounts were provided in that Act, that is authorized or required to be carried out using funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation— (1) such funds shall be available for salaries and related administrative expenses, includ-ing technical assistance, associated with the implementation of the program, without re-gard to the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i); and (2) the use of such funds for such purpose shall not be considered to be a fund transfer or allotment for purposes of applying the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in such section. S
EC. 712. Of the funds made available by this Act, not more than $2,000,000 shall be used to cover necessary expenses of activi-ties related to all advisory committees, pan-els, commissions, and task forces of the De-partment of Agriculture, except for panels used to comply with negotiated rule makings and panels used to evaluate competitively awarded grants. S
EC. 713. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to pay indirect costs charged against any agricultural research, education, or extension grant awards issued by the Na-tional Institute of Food and Agriculture that exceed 30 percent of total Federal funds pro-vided under each award: Provided, That not- withstanding section 1462 of the National Ag-ricultural Research, Extension, and Teach-ing Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310), funds provided by this Act for grants awarded com-petitively by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture shall be available to pay full allowable indirect costs for each grant awarded under section 9 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638). S
EC. 714. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 715. Notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 (7 U.S.C. 612c–6; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 14222’’), none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out a pro-gram under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 32’’) in excess of $1,266,582,000 (exclusive of carryover appropriations from prior fiscal years), as follows: Child Nutri-tion Programs Entitlement Commodities— $465,000,000; State Option Contracts— $5,000,000; Removal of Defective Commod-ities— $2,500,000; Administration of Section 32 Commodity Purchases—$35,853,000: Pro- vided, That of the total funds made available in the matter preceding this proviso that re-main unobligated on October 1, 2018, such un-obligated balances shall carryover into the next fiscal year and shall remain available until expended for any of the three stated purposes of section 32, except that any such carryover funds used in accordance with clause (3) of section 32 may not exceed $350,000,000 and may not be obligated until the Secretary of Agriculture provides writ-ten notification of the expenditures to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least two weeks in ad-vance: Provided further, That, with the excep-tion of any available carryover funds author-ized in the first proviso of this section to be used for the purposes of clause (3) of section 32, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries or expenses of any employee of the Department of Agri-culture to carry out clause (3) of section 32. SEC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who pre-pare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress for programs under the juris-diction of the Appropriations Subcommit-tees on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budg-et unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the con-vening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2019 appropriations Act. S
EC. 717. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or ex-penditure in the current fiscal year, or pro-vided from any accounts in the Treasury de-rived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming, transfer of funds, or reimbursements as authorized by the Economy Act, or in the case of the Depart-ment of Agriculture, through use of the au-thority provided by section 702(b) of the De-partment of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257) or section 8 of Public Law 89– 106 (7 U.S.C. 2263), that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes offices, programs, or activi-ties; or (6) contracts out or privatizes any func-tions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) no-tifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1780 March 22, 2018 
Houses of Congress at least 30 days in ad-vance of the reprogramming of such funds or the use of such authority. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for ob-ligation or expenditure for activities, pro-grams, or projects through a reprogramming or use of the authorities referred to in sub-section (a) involving funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming or transfer of such funds or the use of such authority. (c) The Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall notify in writing and receive approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress before implementing any program or activity not carried out during the previous fiscal year unless the program or activity is funded by this Act or specifically funded by any other Act. (d) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for— (1) modifying major capital investments funding levels, including information tech-nology systems, that involves increasing or decreasing funds in the current fiscal year for the individual investment in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent of the total cost, which-ever is less; (2) realigning or reorganizing new, current, or vacant positions or agency activities or functions to establish a center, office, branch, or similar entity with five or more personnel; or (3) carrying out activities or functions that were not described in the budget request; un-less the agencies funded by this Act notify, in writing, the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of using the funds for these purposes. (e) As described in this section, no funds may be used for any activities unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services receives from the Committee on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress writ-ten or electronic mail confirmation of re-ceipt of the notification as required in this section. S
EC. 718. Notwithstanding section 310B(g)(5) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(5)), the Secretary may assess a one-time fee for any guaranteed business and industry loan in an amount that does not exceed 3 percent of the guaranteed principal portion of the loan. SEC. 719. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administra-tion shall be used to transmit or otherwise make available reports, questions, or re-sponses to questions that are a result of in-formation requested for the appropriations hearing process to any non-Department of Agriculture, non-Department of Health and Human Services, non-Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or non-Farm Credit Administration employee. S
EC. 720. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this Act, may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States unless the story in-cludes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 721. No employee of the Department of Agriculture may be detailed or assigned from an agency or office funded by this Act or any other Act to any other agency or of-fice of the Department for more than 60 days in a fiscal year unless the individual’s em-ploying agency or office is fully reimbursed by the receiving agency or office for the sal-ary and expenses of the employee for the pe-riod of assignment. S
EC. 722. (a) There is hereby established in the Treasury of the United States a Working Capital Fund (the Fund) to be administered by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), without fiscal year limitation, for the pay-ment of salaries, travel, and other expenses necessary to the maintenance and operation of (1) a supply service for the purchase, stor-age, handling, issuance, packing, or shipping of stationery, supplies, materials, equip-ment, and blank forms, for which stocks may be maintained to meet, in whole or in part, the needs of the FDA and requisitions of other Government Offices, and (2) such other services as the Commissioner of the FDA, subject to review by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, determines may be per-formed more advantageously as central serv-ices. The Fund shall be reimbursed from ap-plicable discretionary resources, notwith-standing any otherwise applicable purpose limitations, available when services are per-formed or stock furnished, or in advance, on a basis of rates which shall include esti-mated or actual charges for personal serv-ices, materials, equipment, information technology, and other expenses. Charges for equipment and information technology shall include costs associated with maintenance, repair, and depreciation (including improve-ment and replacement). (b) Of any discretionary resources appro-priated in this Act for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Salaries and Expenses’’, not to exceed $5,000,000 of amounts available as of September 30 may be transferred to and merged with the Fund es-tablished under subsection (a), notwith-standing any otherwise applicable purpose limitations. (c) No amounts may be transferred pursu-ant to this section that are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 723. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, the Chair-man of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed spending plan by program, project, and activity for all the funds made available under this Act includ-ing appropriated user fees, as defined in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). SEC. 724. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for the supple-mental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $800,000,000 are hereby re-scinded. S
EC. 725. The Secretary shall continue an intermediary loan packaging program based on the pilot program in effect for fiscal year 2013 for packaging and reviewing section 502 single family direct loans. The Secretary shall continue agreements with current intermediary organizations and with addi-tional qualified intermediary organizations. The Secretary shall work with these organi-zations to increase effectiveness of the sec-tion 502 single family direct loan program in rural communities and shall set aside and make available from the national reserve section 502 loans an amount necessary to support the work of such intermediaries and provide a priority for review of such loans. S
EC. 726. For loans and loan guarantees that do not require budget authority and the program level has been established in this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may in-crease the program level for such loans and loan guarantees by not more than 25 percent: Provided, That prior to the Secretary imple-menting such an increase, the Secretary no-tifies, in writing, the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress at least 15 days in advance. S
EC. 727. None of the credit card refunds or rebates transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to section 729 of the Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2002 (7 U.S.C. 2235a; Public Law 107–76) shall be available for obligation without written notification to, and the prior approval of, the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Pro- vided, That the refunds or rebates so trans-ferred shall be available for obligation only for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of fi-nancial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture. S
EC. 728. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the ‘‘variety’’ require-ments of the final rule entitled ‘‘Enhancing Retailer Standards in the Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program (SNAP)’’ pub-lished by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on December 15, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 90675) until the Secretary of Agri-culture amends the definition of the term ‘‘variety’’ as de fined in section 278.1(b)(1)(ii)(C) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, and ‘‘variety’’ as applied in the definition of the term ‘‘staple food’’ as de-fined in section 271.2 of title 7, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to increase the number of items that qualify as acceptable varieties in each staple food category so that the total number of such items in each staple food cat-egory exceeds the number of such items in each staple food category included in the final rule as published on December 15, 2016: Provided, That until the Secretary promul-gates such regulatory amendments, the Sec-retary shall apply the requirements regard-ing acceptable varieties and breadth of stock 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1781 March 22, 2018 
to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram retailers that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). S
EC. 729. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used— (1) in contravention of section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5940); or (2) to prohibit the transportation, proc-essing, sale, or use of industrial hemp, or seeds of such plant, that is grown or cul-tivated in accordance with subsection sec-tion 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, within or outside the State in which the in-dustrial hemp is grown or cultivated. S
EC. 730. Funds provided by this or any prior Appropriations Act for the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) shall be made available without re-gard to section 7128 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 3371 note), under the match-ing requirements in laws in effect on the date before the date of enactment of such section: Provided, That the requirements of 7 U.S.C. 450i(b)(9) shall continue to apply. S
EC. 731. For tree assistance payments under section 1501(e) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(e)) to eligible orchard-ists or nursery tree growers (as defined in such section) of pecan trees with a tree mor-tality rate that exceeds 7.5 percent (adjusted for normal mortality) and is less than 15 per-cent (adjusted for normal mortality), $15,000,000, to be available until expended, for losses incurred during the period beginning January 1, 2017 and ending December 31, 2017. S
EC. 732. In carrying out subsection (h) of section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472), the Secretary of Agriculture shall have the same authority with respect to loans guaranteed under such section and eligible lenders for such loans as the Sec-retary has under subsections (h) and (j) of section 538 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1490p–2) with respect to loans guaranteed under such section 538 and eligible lenders for such loans. S
EC. 733. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, promul-gate, or implement any rule, or take any other action with respect to, allowing or re-quiring information intended for a pre-scribing health care professional, in the case of a drug or biological product subject to sec-tion 503(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 353(b)(1)), to be dis-tributed to such professional electronically (in lieu of in paper form) unless and until a Federal law is enacted to allow or require such distribution. S
EC. 734. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to notify a sponsor or otherwise acknowledge receipt of a sub-mission for an exemption for investigational use of a drug or biological product under sec-tion 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)(3)) in research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modi-fication. Any such submission shall be deemed to have not been received by the Sec-retary, and the exemption may not go into effect. S
EC. 735. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to carry out the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration and put into effect November 16, 2015, in regards to the hazard analysis and risk-based preventive control requirements of the current good manufacturing practice, hazard analysis, and risk-based preventive controls for food for animals rule with respect to the regulation of the production, distribution, sale, or re-ceipt of dried spent grain byproducts of the alcoholic beverage production process. SEC. 736. Funds made available under title II of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.) may only be used to provide assistance to recipient nations if adequate monitoring and controls, as determined by the Adminis-trator, are in place to ensure that emergency food aid is received by the intended bene-ficiaries in areas affected by food shortages and not diverted for unauthorized or inap-propriate purposes. S
EC. 737. There is hereby appropriated $1,996,000 to carry out section 1621 of Public Law 110–246. S
EC. 738. No partially hydrogenated oils as defined in the order published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Federal Reg-ister on June 17, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34650 et seq.) shall be deemed unsafe within the meaning of section 409(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 348(a)) and no food that is introduced or de-livered for introduction into interstate com-merce that bears or contains a partially hy-drogenated oil shall be deemed adulterated under sections 402(a)(1) or 402(a)(2)(C)(i) of this Act by virtue of bearing or containing a partially hydrogenated oil until the compli-ance date as specified in such order (June 18, 2018). S
EC. 739. For the cost of refinancing a loan pursuant to section 749 of division A of Pub-lic Law 115–31, and in addition to amounts provided by that section, for any borrower identified by the Federal Financing Bank for refinancing a loan where the modification calculation methodology used for such refi-nancing pursuant to section 185 of Office of Management and Budget Circular No. A–11 results in a cost to the pilot program, $5,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That these funds shall also be available for refinancing a loan pursuant to any extension or expansion of this pilot program that is enacted subsequent to this Act for those same borrowers. S
EC. 740. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Food and Nutrition Service, to commence any new re-search and evaluation projects until the Sec-retary submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a re-search and evaluation plan for fiscal year 2018, prepared in coordination with the Re-search, Education, and Economics mission area of the Department of Agriculture, and a period of 30 days beginning on the date of the submission of the plan expires to permit Congressional review of the plan. S
EC. 741. There is hereby appropriated $8,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to carry out section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a): Provided, That the Secretary may allow eligible entities to offer loans to customers in any part of their service terri-tory and to offer loans to replace a manufac-tured housing unit with another manufac-tured housing unit, if replacement would be more cost effective in saving energy: Pro- vided further, That funds provided in section 769 of division A, Public Law 115–31, shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 742. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) conduct audits in a manner that evalu-ates the following factors in the country or region being audited, as applicable— (A) veterinary control and oversight; (B) disease history and vaccination prac-tices; (C) livestock demographics and traceability; (D) epidemiological separation from poten-tial sources of infection; (E) surveillance practices; (F) diagnostic laboratory capabilities; and (G) emergency preparedness and response; and (2) promptly make publicly available the final reports of any audits or reviews con-ducted pursuant to subsection (1). (b) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under its international trade agree-ments. SEC. 743. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000 for the Secretary to carry out a pilot program that provides forestry inven-tory analysis, forest management and eco-nomic outcomes modelling for certain cur-rently enrolled Conservation Reserve Pro-gram participants. The Secretary shall allow the Commodity Credit Corporation to enter into agreements with and provide grants to qualified non-profit organizations dedicated to conservation, forestry and wildlife habi-tats, that also have experience in conducting accurate forest inventory analysis through the use of advanced, cost-effective tech-nology. The Secretary shall focus the anal-ysis on lands enrolled for at least eight years and located in areas with a substantial con-centration of acres enrolled under conserva-tion practices devoted to multiple bottom-land hardwood tree species including CP03, CP03A, CP11, CP22, CP31 and CP40. S
EC. 744. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any ac-tivities or incur any expense related to the issuance of licenses under section 3 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2133), or the re-newal of such licenses, to class B dealers who sell dogs and cats for use in research, experi-ments, teaching, or testing. S
EC. 745. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act and notwith-standing the last sentence of 16 U.S.C. 1310, there is appropriated $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, to implement non- renewable agreements on eligible lands, in-cluding flooded agricultural lands, as deter-mined by the Secretary, under the Water Bank Act (16 U.S.C. 1301–1311). S
EC. 746. (a)(1) No Federal funds made available for this fiscal year for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq.) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water or wastewater system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are pro-duced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel products’’ means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or un-lined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Sec-retary of Agriculture (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) or the designee of the Secretary finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities or of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Secretary or the designee re-ceives a request for a waiver under this sec-tion, the Secretary or the designee shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Secretary or the designee concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1782 March 22, 2018 
least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Secretary or the des-ignee shall make the request and accom-panying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Inter-net Web site of the Department. (d) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. (e) The Secretary may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’ for carrying out the provisions described in sub-section (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. (f) Subsection (a) shall not apply with re-spect to a project for which the engineering plans and specifications include use of iron and steel products otherwise prohibited by such subsection if the plans and specifica-tions have received required approvals from State agencies prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘United States’’ and ‘‘State’’ shall include each of the several States, the District of Co-lumbia, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. S
EC. 747. The Secretary shall set aside for Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP) Zones, until August 15, 2018, an amount of funds made available in title III under the headings of Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account, Mutual and Self-Help Housing Grants, Rural Housing Assistance Grants, Rural Community Facilities Pro-gram Account, Rural Business Program Ac-count, Rural Development Loan Fund Pro-gram Account, and Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account, equal to the amount obligated in REAP Zones with re-spect to funds provided under such headings in the most recent fiscal year any such funds were obligated under such headings for REAP Zones. S
EC. 748. For the purposes of determining eligibility or level of program assistance for Rural Development programs the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison popu-lations. S
EC. 749. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for a pilot program for the Secretary to provide grants to qualified non-profit or-ganizations and public housing authorities to provide technical assistance, including fi-nancial and legal services, to RHS multi- family housing borrowers to facilitate the acquisition of RHS multi-family housing properties in areas where the Secretary de-termines a risk of loss of affordable housing, by non-profit housing organizations and pub-lic housing authorities as authorized by law that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multi-family housing program for a pe-riod of time as determined by the Secretary. S
EC. 750. Beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act through fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding any other provision of law, any fee issued by the State’s Electronic Ben-efit Transfer contractor and subcontractors, including Affiliates of the contractor or sub-contractor, related to the switching or rout-ing of benefits for Department of Agriculture domestic food assistance programs shall be prohibited: Provided, That for purposes of this provision, the term ‘‘switching’’ means the routing of an intrastate or interstate transaction that consists of transmitting the details of a transaction electronically re-corded through the use of an electronic ben-efit transfer card in one State to the issuer of the card that may be in the same or dif-ferent State. S
EC. 751. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. SEC. 752. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall carry out a pilot program dur-ing fiscal year 2018 with respect to the 2017 crop year for county-level agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)), that provides all or some of the State Farm Service Agency offices in each State the opportunity to provide agricul-tural producers in the State a supplemental payment described in subsection (c) based on the alternate calculation method described in subsection (b) for 1 or more counties in a State if the office for that State determines that the alternate calculation method is nec-essary to ensure that, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, there are not significant yield calculation disparities between com-parable counties in the State. (b) The alternate calculation method re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a method of cal-culating the actual yield for the 2017 crop year for county-level agriculture risk cov-erage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)), under which— (1) county data of the National Agricul-tural Statistics Service (referred to in this section as ‘‘NASS data’’) is used for the cal-culations; (2) if there is insufficient NASS data for a county (as determined under standards of the Secretary in effect as of the date of en-actment of this Act) or the available NASS data produces a substantially disparate re-sult, the calculation of the county yield is determined using comparable contiguous county NASS data as determined by the Farm Service Agency office in the applicable State; and (3) if there is insufficient NASS data for a comparable contiguous county (as deter-mined under standards of the Secretary in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act), the calculation of the county yield is determined using reliable yield data from other sources, such as Risk Management Agency data, National Agricultural Statis-tics Service district data, National Agricul-tural Statistics Service State yield data, or other data as determined by the Farm Serv-ice Agency office in the applicable State. (c)(1) A supplemental payment made under the pilot program established under this sec-tion may be made to an agricultural pro-ducer who is subject to the alternate calcula-tion method described in subsection (b) if that agricultural producer would otherwise receive a county-level agriculture risk cov-erage payment for the 2017 crop year in an amount that is less than the payment that the agricultural producer would receive under the alternate calculation method. (2) The amount of a supplemental payment to an agricultural producer under this sec-tion may not exceed the difference between— (A) the payment that the agricultural pro-ducer would have received without the alter-nate calculation method described in sub-section (b); and (B) the payment that the agricultural pro-ducer would receive using the alternate cal-culation method. (d)(1) There is appropriated to the Sec-retary, out of funds of the Treasury not oth-erwise appropriated, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to carry out the pilot program described in this sec-tion. (2) Of the funds appropriated, the Sec-retary shall use not more than $5,000,000 to carry out the pilot program described in this section. (e)(1) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall select States to partici-pate in the pilot program under this section so the cost of the pilot program equals the amount provided under subsection (d). (2) To the extent that the cost of the pilot program exceeds the amount made available, the Secretary shall reduce all payments under the pilot program on a pro rata basis. (f) Nothing in this section affects the cal-culation of actual yield for purposes of coun-ty-level agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)) other than payments made in accordance with the pilot program under this section. (g) A calculation of actual yield made using the alternate calculation method de-scribed in subsection (b) shall not be used as a basis for any agriculture risk coverage payment determinations under section 1117 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017) other than for purposes of the pilot program under this section. S
EC. 753. For an additional amount for ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agri-culture—Research and Education Activi-ties’’, $6,000,000, to be available until ex-pended, for relocation expenses and for the alteration and repair of leased buildings and improvements pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250: Pro- vided, That not later than 60 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of this funding. S
EC. 754. The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary’s designees are hereby granted the same access to information and subject to the same requirements applicable to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment as provided in section 453 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653) and section 6103(1)(7)(D)(ix) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 1603(1)(7)(D)(ix)) to verify the income for individuals participating in sections 502, 504, 521, and 524 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1972, 1474, 1490a, and 1490r), notwithstanding section 453(l)(1) of the Social Security Act. S
EC. 755. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act under the head-ing ‘‘Domestic Food Programs—Food and Nutrition Services—Child Nutrition Pro-grams’’, there is appropriated $2,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to allow allied professional associations to de-velop a training program for school nutrition personnel that focuses on school food service meal preparation and workforce develop-ment. S
EC. 756. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to procure raw or processed poultry products imported into the United States from the People’s Republic of China for use in the school lunch program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), the Child and Adult Care Food Program under section 17 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1766), the Summer Food Service Program for Children under section 13 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1761), or the school breakfast program under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.). S
EC. 757. In response to an eligible commu-nity where the drinking water supplies are inadequate due to a natural disaster, as de-termined by the Secretary, including drought or severe weather, the Secretary may provide potable water through the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant Program for an additional period of time not to exceed 120 days beyond the es-tablished period provided under the Program in order to protect public health. S
EC. 758. Section 502(i) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472(i)), is amended by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1783 March 22, 2018 
striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY ; MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may assess and collect a fee for a lender to access the automated un-derwriting systems of the Department in connection with such lender’s participation in the single family loan program under this section and only in an amount necessary to cover the costs of information technology enhancements, improvements, maintenance, and development for automated under-writing systems used in connection with the single family loan program under this sec-tion, except that such fee shall not exceed $50 per loan.’’. S
EC. 759. Of the total amounts made avail-able by this Act for direct loans and grants in the following headings: ‘‘Rural Housing Service—Rural Housing Insurance Fund Pro-gram Account’’; ‘‘Rural Housing Service— Mutual and Self-Help Housing Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Economic Infrastructure Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Housing Service—Rural Community Facilities Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Busi-ness-Cooperative Service—Rural Business Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Business-Cooper-ative Service—Rural Economic Development Loans Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Business- Cooperative Service—Rural Cooperative De-velopment Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Utilities Serv-ice—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Pro-gram Account’’; and ‘‘Rural Utilities Serv-ice—Rural Electrification and Telecommuni-cations Loans Program Account’’, at least 10 percent of the funds shall be allocated for as-sistance in persistent poverty counties under this section, including, notwithstanding any other provision regarding population limits, any county seat of such a persistent poverty county that has a population that does not exceed the authorized population limit by more than 10 percent: Provided, That for pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1980, 1990, and 2000 decennial censuses, and 2007–2011 American Community Survey 5-year average: Provided further, That with respect to specific activities for which program levels have been made available by this Act that are not supported by budget authority, the requirements of this section shall be applied to such program level. S
EC. 760. (a) No funds shall be used to final-ize the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Eligibility of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) to Ex-port to the United States Poultry Products from Birds Slaughtered in the PRC’’ pub-lished in the Federal Register by the Depart-ment of Agriculture on June 16, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 27625), unless the Secretary of Agri-culture shall— (1) ensure that the poultry slaughter in-spection system for the PRC is equivalent to that of the United States; (2) ensure that, before any poultry prod-ucts can enter the United States from any such poultry plant, such poultry products comply with all other applicable require-ments for poultry products in interstate commerce in the United States; (3) conduct periodic verification reviews and audits of any such plants in the PRC in-tending to export into the United States processed poultry products; (4) conduct re-inspection of such poultry products at United States ports-of-entry to check the general condition of such prod-ucts, for the proper certification and label-ing of such products, and for any damage to such products that may have occurred dur-ing transportation; and (5) ensure that shipments of any such poul-try products selected to enter the United States are subject to additional re-inspec-tion procedures at appropriate levels to verify that the products comply with rel-evant Federal regulations or standards, in-cluding examinations for product defects and laboratory analyses to detect harmful chem-ical residues or pathogen testing appropriate for the products involved. (b) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with obligations of the United States under any trade agreement to which the United States is a party. SEC. 761. (a) Section 2 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1002) is amended in the matter fol-lowing paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. (b) Section 5 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1005) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. S
EC. 762. In addition to funds appropriated in this Act, there is hereby appropriated $116,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, under the heading ‘‘Food for Peace Title II Grants’’: Provided, That the funds made available under this section shall be used for the purposes set forth in the Food for Peace Act for both emergency and non- emergency purposes. S
EC. 763. In addition to any other funds made available in this Act or any other Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000 to carry out section 18(g)(8) of the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769(g)), to remain available until expended. S
EC. 764. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Food and Drug Administration to develop, issue, pro-mote, or advance any regulations applicable to food manufacturers for population-wide sodium reduction actions or to develop, issue, promote or advance final guidance ap-plicable to food manufacturers for long term population-wide sodium reduction actions until the date on which a dietary reference intake report with respect to sodium is com-pleted. S
EC. 765. Pursuant to section 185 of Public Law 114–223 (as added by Public Law 114–254 (130 Stat. 1018)), the Secretary of Agriculture may provide financial and technical assist-ance to remove and dispose of debris and sediment that could adversely affect health and safety on non-Federal land in a flood-af-fected county or parish: Provided, That such assistance may be used to restore pre-dis-aster hydraulic capacity of the watershed: Provided further, That such assistance may not be used to correct an operation and maintenance issue that existed prior to the disaster. S
EC. 766. Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(m) E
XEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REPORTING  R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF EXEMPTED PRODUCER .— In this subsection, the term ‘exempted pro-ducer’ means a producer or landowner eligi-ble to participate in any conservation pro-gram administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION .—Notwithstanding the Federal Funding Accountability and Trans-parency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), the requirements of parts 25 and 170 of title 2, Code of Federal Regula-tions (and any successor regulations), shall not apply with respect to assistance received by an exempted producer from the Secretary, acting through the Natural Resources Con-servation Service.’’. S
EC. 767. There is hereby appropriated $600,000 for the purposes of section 727 of di-vision A of Public Law 112–55. SEC. 768. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of— (1) section 9(b)(10) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(b)(10)); or (2) section 245.8 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 769. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for the cost of loans and grants that is consistent with section 4206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, for necessary expenses of the Secretary to support projects that provide access to healthy food in under-served areas, to create and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize low-income commu-nities. S
EC. 770. During fiscal year 2018, the Food and Drug Administration shall not allow the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains genetically engineered salmon until the FDA publishes final labeling guidelines for informing consumers of such content. S
EC. 771. For an additional amount for ‘‘Animal and Plant Health Inspection Serv-ice—Salaries and Expenses’’, $7,500,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, for one-time control and management and asso-ciated activities directly related to the mul-tiple-agency response to citrus greening. S
EC. 772. (a) The Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6931) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Subtitle B—Farm and For-eign Agricultural Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Subtitle B—Farm Production and Con-servation’’; and (2) by revising section 225 to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 225. UNDER SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FARM PRODUCTION AND CON-SERVATION. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary is au-thorized to establish in the Department the position of Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation. ‘‘(b) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIRED .—If the Sec-retary establishes the position of Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation authorized under sub-section (a), the Under Secretary shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS OF UNDERSECRETARY .—The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation shall perform such functions and duties as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(d) S
UCCESSION .—Any official who is serv-ing as Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services on the date of the enactment of this Act and who was appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall not be required to be reappointed under subsection (b) to the successor position au-thorized under subsection (a).’’. (b) Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Produc-tion and Conservation.’’ and ‘‘Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs.’’. S
EC. 773. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to en-force the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration entitled ‘‘Stand-ards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of Produce for Human Consump-tion,’’ and published on November 27, 2015, with respect to the regulation of the produc-tion, distribution, sale, or receipt of grape varietals that are grown, harvested and used solely for wine and receive commercial proc-essing that adequately reduces the presence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1784 March 22, 2018 
of microorganisms of public health signifi-cance. S
EC. 774. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to revoke an excep-tion made— (1) pursuant to the rule entitled ‘‘Excep-tions to Geographic Areas for Official Agen-cies Under the USGSA’’ published by the De-partment of Agriculture in the Federal Reg-ister on April 18, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 19137, 19139); and (2) on a date before April 14, 2017. S
EC. 775. There is hereby appropriated $20,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for an additional amount for tele-medicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C 950aaa et seq., to help address the opioid epidemic in rural America. S
EC. 776. For school year 2018–2019, only a school food authority that had a negative balance in the nonprofit school food service account as of January 31, 2018, shall be re-quired to establish a price for paid lunches in accordance with Section 12(p) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, 42 U.S.C. 1760(p). S
EC. 777. There is hereby appropriated $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for a pilot program for the National Institute of Food and Agriculture to provide grants to nonprofit organizations for programs and services to establish and enhance farming and ranching opportunities for military veterans. S
EC. 778. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Food and Drug Administration—Sala-ries and Expenses’’, $94,000,000, to remain available until expended, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for nec-essary expenses of processing opioid and other articles imported or offered for import through international mail facilities of the U.S. Postal Service: Provided, That such ad-ditional amounts shall also be available for expanding and enhancing inspection capac-ity related to such processing activity (in-cluding but not limited to increasing staff-ing, obtaining necessary equipment and sup-plies, and expanding and upgrading infra-structure, laboratory facilities, and data li-braries): Provided further, That amounts ap-propriated under this section shall be in ad-dition to amounts otherwise made available for research and criminal investigations re-lated to such import articles, and be avail-able for enhancing such research and inves-tigations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate on the obligation of amounts appropriated under this section. S
EC. 779. For an additional amount for ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program’’, $600,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct a new broadband loan and grant pilot program under the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.): Pro- vided, That for the purpose of the new pilot program, the authorities provided in such Act shall include the authority to make grants for such purposes, as described in sec-tion 601(a) of such Act: Provided further, That the cost of direct loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That at least 90 per-cent of the households to be served by a project receiving a loan or grant under the pilot program shall be in a rural area with-out sufficient access to broadband, defined for this pilot program as 10 Mbps down-stream, and 1 Mbps upstream, which shall be reevaluated and redetermined, as necessary, on an annual basis by the Secretary of Agri-culture: Provided further, That an entity to which a loan or grant is made under the pilot program shall not use the loan or grant to overbuild or duplicate broadband expansion efforts made by any entity that has received a broadband loan from the Rural Utilities Service: Provided further, That in addition to other available funds, not more than four percent of the funds can be used for adminis-trative costs to carry out this pilot program and up to three percent may be utilized for technical assistance and pre-development planning activities to support the most rural communities, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Ex-penses’’: Provided further, That the Rural Utility Service is directed to expedite pro-gram delivery methods that would imple-ment this section: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall adhere to the notice, reporting and service area assessment requirements set forth in sections 6104(a)(2)(D) and 6104(a)(2)(E) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)(5), and 950bb(d)(8) and 950bb(d)(10)). SEC. 780. For an additional amount for the cost of direct loans and grants made under the ‘‘Rural Water and Waste Disposal Pro-gram Account’’, $500,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which not to exceed $495,000,000 shall be for grants. S
EC. 781. The Secretary of Agriculture and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall— (1) post on a public Website in a searchable format information on competitive grant awards made using funds made available under an appropriations Act (other than funds appropriated to the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Forest Service, or funds provided under the heading ‘‘Food for Peace Title II Grants’’) that includes, with respect to each such award, the Congressional Dis-trict corresponding to the State, District, Tribal jurisdiction, or territory of the United States in which the recipient of the funds is geographically located; and (2) not provide advance notification of such grant awards to any person outside of the Department of Agriculture or the Food and Drug Administration except potential award-ees, until such information is posted, as de-scribed in paragraph (1). S
EC. 782. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel— (1) to inspect horses under section 3 of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 603); (2) to inspect horses under section 903 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 104–127); or (3) to implement or enforce section 352.19 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). S
EC. 783. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out the Biomass Crop Assistance Program author-ized by section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111). This division may be cited as the ‘‘Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION B—COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for international trade activities of the Department of Com-merce provided for by law, and for engaging in trade promotional activities abroad, in-cluding expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the purpose of promoting ex-ports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for de-pendent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas and employees temporarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the Inter-national Trade Administration between two points abroad, without regard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employ-ment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or improvement; purchase or construction of temporary demountable exhibition struc-tures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first para-graph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in for-eign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for offi-cial representation expenses abroad; pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per vehicle; obtaining insurance on official motor vehi-cles; and rental of tie lines, $495,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $13,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding sec-tion 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Pro- vided, That, of amounts provided under this heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and compliance activities: Pro- vided further, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cul-tural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities; and that for the purpose of this Act, contributions under the provisions of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Ex-change Act of 1961 shall include payment for assessments for services provided as part of these activities. BUREAU OF INDUSTRY AND SECURITY  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for export adminis-tration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce, including costs associated with the performance of ex-port administration field activities both do-mestically and abroad; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate fami-lies of employees stationed overseas; em-ployment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner au-thorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to ex-ceed $13,500 for official representation ex-penses abroad; awards of compensation to in-formers under the Export Administration Act of 1979, and as authorized by section 1(b) of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 223; 22 U.S.C. 401(b)); and purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use and motor ve-hicles for law enforcement use with special requirement vehicles eligible for purchase without regard to any price limitation other-wise established by law, $113,500,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities: Pro- vided further, That payments and contribu-tions collected and accepted for materials or services provided as part of such activities may be retained for use in covering the cost of such activities, and for providing informa-tion to the public with respect to the export 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1785 March 22, 2018 
administration and national security activi-ties of the Department of Commerce and other export control programs of the United States and other governments. E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAMS  For grants for economic development as-sistance as provided by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, for trade adjustment assistance, and for grants au-thorized by section 27 of the Stevenson- Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), $262,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which $21,000,000 shall be for grants under such section 27. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administering the economic development assistance pro-grams as provided for by law, $39,000,000: Pro- vided, That these funds may be used to mon-itor projects approved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976, title II of the Trade Act of 1974, section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), and the Com-munity Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. M
INORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  
MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Department of Commerce in fostering, promoting, and developing minority business enterprise, in-cluding expenses of grants, contracts, and other agreements with public or private or-ganizations, $39,000,000. E
CONOMIC AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, as authorized by law, of economic and statistical analysis pro-grams of the Department of Commerce, $99,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. B
UREAU OF THE CENSUS  
CURRENT SURVEYS AND PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for collecting, com-piling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics, provided for by law, $270,000,000: Provided, That, from amounts provided here-in, funds may be used for promotion, out-reach, and marketing activities: Provided further, That the Bureau of the Census shall collect and analyze data for the Annual So-cial and Economic Supplement to the Cur-rent Population Survey using the same health insurance questions included in pre-vious years, in addition to the revised ques-tions implemented in the Current Population Survey beginning in February 2014. 
PERIODIC CENSUSES AND PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for collecting, com-piling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics for periodic censuses and programs provided for by law, $2,544,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $2,580,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspec-tor General’’ account for activities associ-ated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That not more than 50 per-cent of the amounts made available under this heading for information technology re-lated to 2020 census delivery, including the Census Enterprise Data Collection and Proc-essing (CEDCaP) program, may be obligated until the Secretary updates the previous ex-penditure plan and resubmits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a plan for ex-penditure that: (1) identifies for each CEDCaP project/investment over $25,000: (A) the functional and performance capabilities to be delivered and the mission benefits to be realized; (B) an updated estimated lifecycle cost, including cumulative expenditures to date by fiscal year, and all revised estimates for development, maintenance, and oper-ations; (C) key milestones to be met; and (D) impacts of cost variances on other Census programs; (2) details for each project/invest-ment: (A) reasons for any cost and schedule variances; and (B) top risks and mitigation strategies; and (3) has been submitted to the Government Accountability Office. NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND  I
NFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, as provided for by law, of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), $39,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That, notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 1535(d), the Secretary of Commerce shall charge Federal agencies for costs incurred in spectrum management, analysis, operations, and related services, and such fees shall be retained and used as offsetting collections for costs of such spec-trum services, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as offsetting collections all funds trans-ferred, or previously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommunications research, engineer-ing, and related activities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That $7,500,000 shall be to update the na-tional broadband availability map in coordi-nation with the Federal Communications Commission and using partnerships pre-viously developed with the States. 
PUBLIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES , 
PLANNING AND CONSTRUCTION  For the administration of prior-year grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are avail-able for the administration of all open grants until their expiration. U
NITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK  O
FFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including de-fense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $3,500,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less than $3,500,000,000 this amount shall be re-duced accordingly: Provided further, That any amount received in excess of $3,500,000,000 in fiscal year 2018 and deposited in the Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That the Director of USPTO shall sub-mit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That any amounts reprogrammed in accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ‘‘Salaries and Ex-penses’’ account: Provided further, That from amounts provided herein, not to exceed $900 shall be made available in fiscal year 2018 for official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2018 from the amounts made available for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for the USPTO, the amounts necessary to pay (1) the difference between the percentage of basic pay contrib-uted by the USPTO and employees under sec-tion 8334(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the normal cost percentage (as defined by section 8331(17) of that title) as provided by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for USPTO’s specific use, of basic pay, of employees subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 of that title, and (2) the present value of the otherwise unfunded accruing costs, as determined by OPM for USPTO’s specific use of post-retirement life insurance and post-retirement health benefits coverage for all USPTO employees who are enrolled in Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI), shall be transferred to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, the FEGLI Fund, and the FEHB Fund, as appro-priate, and shall be available for the author-ized purposes of those accounts: Provided fur-ther, That any differences between the present value factors published in OPM’s yearly 300 series benefit letters and the fac-tors that OPM provides for USPTO’s specific use shall be recognized as an imputed cost on USPTO’s financial statements, where appli-cable: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, all fees and surcharges assessed and collected by USPTO are available for USPTO only pursu-ant to section 42(c) of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 22 of the Leahy- Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112– 29): Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $1,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits re-lated to the USPTO. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  T
ECHNOLOGY  
SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL RESEARCH AND  
SERVICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $724,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’: Provided, That not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further, That NIST may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. 
INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES  For necessary expenses for industrial tech-nology services, $155,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $140,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership, and of which $15,000,000 shall be for the National Network for Manu-facturing Innovation (also known as ‘‘Manu-facturing USA’’). 
CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES  For construction of new research facilities, including architectural and engineering de-sign, and for renovation and maintenance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1786 March 22, 2018 
existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278c–278e), $319,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in the budget jus-tification materials that the Secretary sub-mits to Congress in support of the Depart-ment of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Institute of Standards and Technology construction project having a total multi-year program cost of more than $5,000,000, and simulta-neously the budget justification materials shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS , RESEARCH , AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of activities au-thorized by law for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including maintenance, operation, and hire of aircraft and vessels; pilot programs for state-led fish-eries management, notwithstanding any other provision of law; grants, contracts, or other payments to nonprofit organizations for the purposes of conducting activities pur-suant to cooperative agreements; and reloca-tion of facilities, $3,536,331,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except that funds provided for cooperative enforce-ment shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That fees and donations re-ceived by the National Ocean Service for the management of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and expenses associated with those activities, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in addition, $144,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled ‘‘Promote and Develop Fishery Products and Research Pertaining to American Fisheries’’, which shall only be used for fishery activities re-lated to the Saltonstall-Kennedy Grant Pro-gram, Cooperative Research, Annual Stock Assessments, Survey and Monitoring Projects, Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants, and Fish Information Networks: Pro- vided further, That of the $3,697,831,000 pro-vided for in direct obligations under this heading, $3,536,331,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $144,000,000 is provided by transfer, and $17,500,000 is derived from re-coveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the explanatory statement described in sec-tion 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be sub-ject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That in addi-tion, for necessary retired pay expenses under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Pro-tection and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for payments for the medical care of retired per-sonnel and their dependents under the De-pendents’ Medical Care Act (10 U.S.C. ch. 55), such sums as may be necessary. 
PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For procurement, acquisition and con-struction of capital assets, including alter-ation and modification costs, of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, $2,290,684,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, except that funds provided for acquisition and construction of vessels and construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the $2,303,684,000 provided for in direct obli-gations under this heading, $2,290,684,000 is appropriated from the general fund and $13,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in pre-vious years, shall be subject to the proce-dures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of Com-merce shall include in budget justification materials that the Secretary submits to Con-gress in support of the Department of Com-merce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration procurement, acquisition or con-struction project having a total of more than $5,000,000 and simultaneously the budget jus-tification shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, within the amounts appropriated, $1,302,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits re-lated to satellite procurement, acquisition and construction. PACIFIC COASTAL SALMON RECOVERY  For necessary expenses associated with the restoration of Pacific salmon populations, $65,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Wash-ington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the Federally recognized tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects nec-essary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identi-fied by a State as at-risk to be so listed, for maintaining populations necessary for exer-cise of tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habi-tat, based on guidelines to be developed by the Secretary of Commerce: Provided further, That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for marketing activi-ties: Provided further, That funds disbursed to States shall be subject to a matching re-quirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Federal funds. 
FISHERMEN ’S CONTINGENCY FUND  For carrying out the provisions of title IV of Public Law 95–372, not to exceed $349,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursu-ant to that Act, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FISHERY DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For the necessary expenses associated with the mitigation of fishery disasters, $20,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds shall be used for mitigating the effects of commercial fishery failures and fishery resource disasters as declared by the Secretary of Commerce. 
FISHERIES FINANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018, obligations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $100,000,000 for traditional direct loans as authorized by the Merchant Marine Act of 1936. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the manage-ment of the Department of Commerce pro-vided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representa-tion, $63,000,000. 
RENOVATION AND MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for the renovation and modernization of the Herbert C. Hoover Building, $45,130,000, to remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $32,744,000. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  C
OMMERCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. During the current fiscal year, ap-plicable appropriations and funds made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act shall be available for the activities specified in the Act of October 26, 1949 (15 U.S.C. 1514), to the extent and in the manner prescribed by the Act, and, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3324, may be used for advanced pay-ments not otherwise authorized only upon the certification of officials designated by the Secretary of Commerce that such pay-ments are in the public interest. S
EC. 102. During the current fiscal year, ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of Commerce by this Act for salaries and expenses shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902). S
EC. 103. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Commerce in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be avail-able for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Commerce shall notify the Com-mittees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the Department of Commerce. S
EC. 104. The requirements set forth by sec-tion 105 of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), as amended by sec-tion 105 of title I of division B of Public Law 113–6, are hereby adopted by reference and made applicable with respect to fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the life cycle cost for the Joint Polar Satellite System is $11,322,125,000 and the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Se-ries Program is $10,828,059,000. S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may furnish serv-ices (including but not limited to utilities, telecommunications, and security services) necessary to support the operation, mainte-nance, and improvement of space that per-sons, firms, or organizations are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1787 March 22, 2018 
Washington, DC, or other buildings, the maintenance, operation, and protection of which has been delegated to the Secretary from the Administrator of General Services pursuant to the Federal Property and Ad-ministrative Services Act of 1949 on a reim-bursable or non-reimbursable basis. Amounts received as reimbursement for services pro-vided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. S
EC. 106. Nothing in this title shall be con-strued to prevent a grant recipient from de-terring child pornography, copyright in-fringement, or any other unlawful activity over its networks. S
EC. 107. The Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion is authorized to use, with their consent, with reimbursement and subject to the lim-its of available appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of any department, agency, or instrumen-tality of the United States, or of any State, local government, Indian tribal government, Territory, or possession, or of any political subdivision thereof, or of any foreign govern-ment or international organization, for pur-poses related to carrying out the responsibil-ities of any statute administered by the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion. S
EC. 108. The National Technical Informa-tion Service shall not charge any customer for a copy of any report or document gen-erated by the Legislative Branch unless the Service has provided information to the cus-tomer on how an electronic copy of such re-port or document may be accessed and downloaded for free online. Should a cus-tomer still require the Service to provide a printed or digital copy of the report or docu-ment, the charge shall be limited to recov-ering the Service’s cost of processing, repro-ducing, and delivering such report or docu-ment. S
EC. 109. The Secretary of Commerce may waive the requirement for bonds under 40 U.S.C. 3131 with respect to contracts for the construction, alteration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Coast and Geodetic Survey Act of 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.). S
EC. 110. To carry out the responsibilities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (NOAA), the Administrator of NOAA is authorized to: (1) enter into grants and cooperative agreements with; (2) use on a non-reimbursable basis land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities provided by; and (3) receive and expend funds made available on a consensual basis from: a Fed-eral agency, State or subdivision thereof, local government, tribal government, terri-tory, or possession or any subdivisions there-of: Provided, That funds received for permit-ting and related regulatory activities pursu-ant to this section shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration—Operations, Re-search, and Facilities’’ and shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for such purposes: Provided further, That all funds within this section and their corresponding uses are subject to section 505 of this Act. S
EC. 111. Amounts provided by this Act or by any prior appropriations Act that remain available for obligation, for necessary ex-penses of the programs of the Economics and Statistics Administration of the Department of Commerce, including amounts provided for programs of the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of the Census, shall be available for expenses of cooperative agreements with appropriate entities, in-cluding any Federal, State, or local govern-mental unit, or institution of higher edu-cation, to aid and promote statistical, re-search, and methodology activities which further the purposes for which such amounts have been made available. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Commerce Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the administra-tion of the Department of Justice, $114,000,000, of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. 
JUSTICE INFORMATION SHARING TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information sharing technology, including planning, de-velopment, deployment and departmental di-rection, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Attorney Gen-eral may transfer up to $35,400,000 to this ac-count, from funds available to the Depart-ment of Justice for information technology, to remain available until expended, for en-terprise-wide information technology initia-tives: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority in the preceding proviso is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority con-tained in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the first proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compli-ance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the administra-tion of immigration-related activities of the Executive Office for Immigration Review, $504,500,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be de-rived by transfer from the Executive Office for Immigration Review fees deposited in the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee’’ account: Provided, That not to exceed $35,000,000 of the total amount made available under this heading shall remain available until ex-pended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $97,250,000, including not to exceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emer-gencies of a confidential character. U
NITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States Parole Commission as authorized, $13,308,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the expira-tion of a term of office of a Commissioner, the Commissioner may continue to act until a successor has been appointed. L
EGAL ACTIVITIES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , GENERAL LEGAL  
ACTIVITIES  For expenses necessary for the legal activi-ties of the Department of Justice, not other-wise provided for, including not to exceed $20,000 for expenses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; the administration of pardon and clemency petitions; and rent of private or Government-owned space in the District of Columbia, $897,500,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 for litigation sup-port contracts shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount pro-vided for INTERPOL Washington dues pay-ments, not to exceed $685,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Washington for official reception and representation expenses: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attor-ney General that emergent circumstances re-quire additional funding for litigation activi-ties of the Civil Division, the Attorney Gen-eral may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Salaries and Expenses, General Legal Activities’’ from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such cir-cumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be avail-able for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated, such sums as may be necessary shall be available to the Civil Rights Division for salaries and expenses as-sociated with the election monitoring pro-gram under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10305) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until ex-pended. In addition, for reimbursement of expenses of the Department of Justice associated with processing cases under the National Child-hood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, not to ex-ceed $10,000,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. SALARIES AND EXPENSES , ANTITRUST DIVISION  For expenses necessary for the enforce-ment of antitrust and kindred laws, $164,977,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection (and estimated to be $126,000,000 in fiscal year 2018), shall be re-tained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the gen-eral fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at $38,977,000. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , UNITED STATES  
ATTORNEYS  For necessary expenses of the Offices of the United States Attorneys, including inter- governmental and cooperative agreements, $2,136,750,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,200 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each United States Attorney shall es-tablish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. 
UNITED STATES TRUSTEE SYSTEM FUND  For necessary expenses of the United States Trustee Program, as authorized, $225,908,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, deposits to the United States Trustee System Fund and amounts herein appropriated shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay re-funds due depositors: Provided further, That, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1788 March 22, 2018 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees collected pursuant to section 589a(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this ap-propriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That to the ex-tent that fees collected in fiscal year 2018, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, exceed $225,908,000, those excess amounts shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the gen-eral fund shall be reduced (1) as such fees are received during fiscal year 2018, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due de-positors, (estimated at $231,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any remaining general fund appropriations can be derived from amounts deposited in the Fund in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise appropriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appro-priation from the general fund estimated at $0. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , FOREIGN CLAIMS  
SETTLEMENT COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the ac-tivities of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, including services as author-ized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,409,000. 
FEES AND EXPENSES OF WITNESSES  For fees and expenses of witnesses, for ex-penses of contracts for the procurement and supervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $270,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness security caravans; and not to ex-ceed $15,000,000 is for the purchase, installa-tion, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equipment and a secure automated information network to store and retrieve the identities and locations of pro-tected witnesses: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , COMMUNITY  
RELATIONS SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Community Relations Service, $15,500,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require addi-tional funding for conflict resolution and vi-olence prevention activities of the Commu-nity Relations Service, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to the Commu-nity Relations Service, from available appro-priations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
ASSETS FORFEITURE FUND  For expenses authorized by subparagraphs (B), (F), and (G) of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, $20,514,000, to be derived from the Department of Justice Assets For-feiture Fund. U
NITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States Marshals Service, $1,311,492,000, of which not to exceed $6,000 shall be available for official reception and representation ex-penses, and not to exceed $15,000,000 shall re-main available until expended. CONSTRUCTION  For construction in space controlled, occu-pied or utilized by the United States Mar-shals Service for prisoner holding and re-lated support, $53,400,000, to remain available until expended. 
FEDERAL PRISONER DETENTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses related to United States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $1,536,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be considered ‘‘funds appro-priated for State and local law enforcement assistance’’ pursuant to section 4013(b) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System: Provided further, That any unobligated bal-ances available from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘General Administration, Detention Trustee’’ shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation under this heading. N
ATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out the ac-tivities of the National Security Division, $101,031,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney Gen-eral that emergent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding pro-viso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. I
NTERAGENCY LAWENFORCEMENT  
INTERAGENCY CRIME AND DRUG ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for the identifica-tion, investigation, and prosecution of indi-viduals associated with the most significant drug trafficking organizations, transnational organized crime, and money laundering orga-nizations not otherwise provided for, to in-clude inter-governmental agreements with State and local law enforcement agencies en-gaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in transnational orga-nized crime and drug trafficking, $542,850,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That any amounts obligated from appropriations under this heading may be used under authorities avail-able to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation for detection, inves-tigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $9,030,202,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $184,500 shall be available for official recep-tion and representation expenses. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses, to include the cost of equipment, furniture, and information technology requirements, related to con-struction or acquisition of buildings, facili-ties and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects; and operation and maintenance of secure work environment facilities and secure net-working capabilities; $370,000,000, to remain available until expended. DRUGENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Drug En-forcement Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emer-gencies of a confidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug edu-cation and training programs, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribution of items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,190,326,000, of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $90,000 shall be available for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS AND  E
XPLOSIVES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, for training of State and local law enforce-ment agencies with or without reimburse-ment, including training in connection with the training and acquisition of canines for explosives and fire accelerants detection; and for provision of laboratory assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $1,293,776,000, of which not to exceed $36,000 shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses, not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the payment of attorneys’ fees as provided by section 924(d)(2) of title 18, United States Code, and not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That none of the funds ap-propriated herein shall be available to inves-tigate or act upon applications for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under sec-tion 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to investigate and act upon appli-cations filed by corporations for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Pro- vided further, That no funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or Depart-ments. F
EDERAL PRISON SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Pris-on System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and cor-rectional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on correc-tions related issues to foreign governments, $7,114,000,000: Provided, That the Attorney General may transfer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for medical relief for in-mates of Federal penal and correctional in-stitutions: Provided further, That the Direc-tor of the Federal Prison System, where nec-essary, may enter into contracts with a fis-cal agent or fiscal intermediary claims proc-essor to determine the amounts payable to persons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison System, furnish health services to individ-uals committed to the custody of the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1789 March 22, 2018 
Prison System: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,400 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses: Pro- vided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available for necessary oper-ations until September 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That, of the amounts provided for con-tract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended to make payments in advance for grants, con-tracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further, That the Di-rector of the Federal Prison System may ac-cept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a not-for-profit entity which has oper-ated such program in the past, notwith-standing the fact that such not-for-profit en-tity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System relating to the oper-ation of pre-release services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For planning, acquisition of sites and con-struction of new facilities; purchase and ac-quisition of facilities and remodeling, and equipping of such facilities for penal and cor-rectional use, including all necessary ex-penses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and constructing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institu-tions, including all necessary expenses inci-dent thereto, by contract or force account, $161,571,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That labor of United States prisoners may be used for work performed under this appropriation. 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  The Federal Prison Industries, Incor-porated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative ex-penses, and for services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an accrual basis to be deter-mined in accordance with the corporation’s current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of deprecia-tion, payment of claims, and expenditures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commod-ities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in con-nection with acquisition, construction, oper-ation, maintenance, improvement, protec-tion, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. S
TATE AND LOCAL LAWENFORCEMENT  A
CTIVITIES  O
FFICE ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN  
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN PREVENTION AND  
PROSECUTION PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and other assistance for the preven-tion and prosecution of violence against women, as authorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Vio-lent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.) (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protec-tion Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–386) (‘‘the 2000 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Violence Against Women Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22) (‘‘the 2015 Act’’); and for related victims services, $492,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, which shall be derived by transfer from amounts available for obligation in this Act from the Fund established by section 1402 of chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 (34 U.S.C. 20101), notwithstanding sec-tion 1402(d) of such Act of 1984, and merged with the amounts otherwise made available under this heading: Provided, That except as otherwise provided by law, not to exceed 5 percent of funds made available under this heading may be used for expenses related to evaluation, training, and technical assist-ance: Provided further, That of the amount provided— (1) $215,000,000 is for grants to combat vio-lence against women, as authorized by part T of the 1968 Act; (2) $35,000,000 is for transitional housing as-sistance grants for victims of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, stalking, or sexual as-sault as authorized by section 40299 of the 1994 Act; (3) $3,500,000 is for the National Institute of Justice for research and evaluation of vio-lence against women and related issues ad-dressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, which shall be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (4) $11,000,000 is for a grant program to pro-vide services to advocate for and respond to youth victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking; assist-ance to children and youth exposed to such violence; programs to engage men and youth in preventing such violence; and assistance to middle and high school students through education and other services related to such violence: Provided, That unobligated bal-ances available for the programs authorized by sections 41201, 41204, 41303, and 41305 of the 1994 Act, prior to its amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program: Pro- vided further, That 10 percent of the total amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the pro-gram authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further, That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; (5) $53,000,000 is for grants to encourage ar-rest policies as authorized by part U of the 1968 Act, of which $4,000,000 is for a homicide reduction initiative; (6) $35,000,000 is for sexual assault victims assistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; (7) $40,000,000 is for rural domestic violence and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; (8) $20,000,000 is for grants to reduce violent crimes against women on campus, as author-ized by section 304 of the 2005 Act; (9) $45,000,000 is for legal assistance for vic-tims, as authorized by section 1201 of the 2000 Act; (10) $5,000,000 is for enhanced training and services to end violence against and abuse of women in later life, as authorized by section 40802 of the 1994 Act; (11) $16,000,000 is for grants to support fami-lies in the justice system, as authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act: Provided, That unobligated balances available for the pro-grams authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act and section 41002 of the 1994 Act, prior to their amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program; (12) $6,000,000 is for education and training to end violence against and abuse of women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; (13) $500,000 is for the National Resource Center on Workplace Responses to assist vic-tims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; (14) $1,000,000 is for analysis and research on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Pro-grams; (15) $500,000 is for a national clearinghouse that provides training and technical assist-ance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; (16) $4,000,000 is for grants to assist tribal governments in exercising special domestic violence criminal jurisdiction, as authorized by section 904 of the 2013 Act: Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002(b) of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; and (17) $1,500,000 for the purposes authorized under the 2015 Act. OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS  
RESEARCH , EVALUATION AND STATISTICS  For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and other assistance authorized by title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq.); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Violence Against Women and De-partment of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Pub-lic Law 101–647); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and other pro-grams, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $48,000,000 is for criminal justice statis-tics programs, and other activities, as au-thorized by part C of title I of the 1968 Act, of which $5,000,000 is for a nationwide inci-dent-based crime statistics program; and (2) $42,000,000 is for research, development, and evaluation programs, and other activi-ties as authorized by part B of title I of the 1968 Act and subtitle D of title II of the 2002 Act, of which $4,000,000 is for research tar-geted toward developing a better under-standing of the domestic radicalization phe-nomenon, and advancing evidence-based strategies for effective intervention and pre-vention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1790 March 22, 2018 
STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
ASSISTANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforce-ment Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164); the Vio-lence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106– 386); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 199); the Prioritizing Resources and Organi-zation for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–403); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198) (‘‘CARA’’); the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–324); and other programs, $1,677,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended as follows— (1) $415,500,000 for the Edward Byrne Memo-rial Justice Assistance Grant program as au-thorized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the 1968 Act (except that section 1001(c), and the special rules for Puerto Rico under sec-tion 505(g) of title I of the 1968 Act shall not apply for purposes of this Act), of which, not-withstanding such subpart 1, $10,000,000 is for the Officer Robert Wilson III Memorial Ini-tiative on Preventing Violence Against Law Enforcement Officer Resilience and Surviv-ability (VALOR), $5,000,000 is for an initia-tive to support evidence-based policing, $2,500,000 is for an initiative to enhance pros-ecutorial decision-making, $2,400,000 is for the operationalization, maintenance and ex-pansion of the National Missing and Uniden-tified Persons System, $2,500,000 is for a na-tional training initiative to improve police- based responses to people with mental illness or developmental disabilities, $20,000,000 is for competitive and evidence-based programs to reduce gun crime and gang violence, $2,000,000 is for a student loan repayment as-sistance program pursuant to section 952 of Public Law 110–315, $15,500,000 is for prison rape prevention and prosecution grants to states and units of local government, and other programs, as authorized by the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–79), and $16,000,000 is for emergency law enforcement assistance for events occurring during or after fiscal year 2018, as authorized by section 609M of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 50101); (2) $240,000,000 for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, as authorized by sec-tion 241(i)(5) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)(5)): Provided, That no jurisdiction shall request compensation for any cost greater than the actual cost for Federal immigration and other detainees housed in State and local detention facili-ties; (3) $77,000,000 for victim services programs for victims of trafficking, as authorized by section 107(b)(2) of Public Law 106–386, for programs authorized under Public Law 109– 164, or programs authorized under Public Law 113–4; (4) $3,000,000 for the Capital Litigation Im-provement Grant Program, as authorized by section 426 of Public Law 108–405, and for grants for wrongful conviction review; (5) $14,000,000 for economic, high tech-nology, white collar and Internet crime pre-vention grants, including as authorized by section 401 of Public Law 110–403; (6) $20,000,000 for sex offender management assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities; (7) $22,500,000 for the matching grant pro-gram for law enforcement armor vests, as authorized by section 2501 of title I of the 1968 Act: Provided, That $1,500,000 is trans-ferred directly to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Office of Law Enforcement Standards for research, testing and evaluation programs; (8) $1,000,000 for the National Sex Offender Public Website; (9) $75,000,000 for grants to States to up-grade criminal and mental health records for the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, of which no less than $25,000,000 shall be for grants made under the authorities of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 180); (10) $30,000,000 for Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grants under part BB of title I of the 1968 Act; (11) $130,000,000 for DNA-related and foren-sic programs and activities, of which— (A) $120,000,000 is for a DNA analysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities, including the purposes authorized under sec-tion 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided, That up to 4 percent of funds made available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes described in the DNA Train-ing and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program (Public Law 108–405, section 303); (B) $6,000,000 is for the purposes described in the Kirk Bloodsworth Post-Conviction DNA Testing Grant Program (Public Law 108–405, section 412); and (C) $4,000,000 is for Sexual Assault Forensic Exam Program grants, including as author-ized by section 304 of Public Law 108–405; (12) $47,500,000 for a grant program for com-munity-based sexual assault response re-form; (13) $12,000,000 for the court-appointed spe-cial advocate program, as authorized by sec-tion 217 of the 1990 Act; (14) $35,000,000 for assistance to Indian tribes; (15) $85,000,000 for offender reentry pro-grams and research, as authorized by the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 199), without regard to the time limitations specified at section 6(1) of such Act, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 is for a program to improve State, local, and tribal probation or parole supervision efforts and strategies, $5,000,000 is for Children of Incarcerated Par-ents Demonstrations to enhance and main-tain parental and family relationships for in-carcerated parents as a reentry or recidivism reduction strategy, and $4,000,000 is for addi-tional replication sites employing the Project HOPE Opportunity Probation with Enforcement model implementing swift and certain sanctions in probation, and for a re-search project on the effectiveness of the model: Provided, That up to $7,500,000 of funds made available in this paragraph may be used for performance-based awards for Pay for Success projects, of which up to $5,000,000 shall be for Pay for Success pro-grams implementing the Permanent Sup-portive Housing Model; (16) $75,000,000 for the Comprehensive School Safety Initiative; (17) $65,000,000 for initiatives to improve police-community relations, of which $22,500,000 is for a competitive matching grant program for purchases of body-worn cameras for State, local and tribal law en-forcement, $25,000,000 is for a justice rein-vestment initiative, for activities related to criminal justice reform and recidivism re-duction, and $17,500,000 is for an Edward Byrne Memorial criminal justice innovation program; and (18) $330,000,000 for comprehensive opioid abuse reduction activities, including as au-thorized by CARA, and for the following pro-grams, which shall address opioid abuse re-duction consistent with underlying program authorities— (A) $75,000,000 for Drug Courts, as author-ized by section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the 1968 Act; (B) $30,000,000 for mental health courts and adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act, and the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); (C) $30,000,000 for grants for Residential Substance Abuse Treatment for State Pris-oners, as authorized by part S of title I of the 1968 Act; (D) $20,000,000 for a veterans treatment courts program; (E) $30,000,000 for a program to monitor prescription drugs and scheduled listed chemical products; and (F) $145,000,000 for a comprehensive opioid abuse program: Provided, That, if a unit of local government uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforcement officers, the unit of local gov-ernment will achieve a net gain in the num-ber of law enforcement officers who perform non-administrative public sector safety serv-ice. 
JUVENILE JUSTICE PROGRAMS  For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and other assistance authorized by the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974 (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthor-ization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq.); the Prosecu-torial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114-324); and other ju-venile justice programs, $282,500,000, to re-main available until expended as follows— (1) $60,000,000 for programs authorized by section 221 of the 1974 Act, and for training and technical assistance to assist small, non-profit organizations with the Federal grants process: Provided, That of the amounts pro-vided under this paragraph, $500,000 shall be for a competitive demonstration grant pro-gram to support emergency planning among State, local and tribal juvenile justice resi-dential facilities; (2) $94,000,000 for youth mentoring grants; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1791 March 22, 2018 
(3) $27,500,000 for delinquency prevention, as authorized by section 505 of the 1974 Act, of which, pursuant to sections 261 and 262 thereof— (A) $5,000,000 shall be for the Tribal Youth Program; (B) $4,000,000 shall be for gang and youth violence education, prevention and interven-tion, and related activities; (C) $500,000 shall be for an Internet site providing information and resources on chil-dren of incarcerated parents; (D) $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants focusing on girls in the juvenile jus-tice system; (E) $8,000,000 shall be for community-based violence prevention initiatives, including for public health approaches to reducing shoot-ings and violence; and (F) $8,000,000 shall be for an opioid-affected youth initiative; (4) $21,000,000 for programs authorized by the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; (5) $76,000,000 for missing and exploited children programs, including as authorized by sections 404(b) and 405(a) of the 1974 Act (except that section 102(b)(4)(B) of the PRO-TECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401) shall not apply for purposes of this Act); (6) $2,000,000 for child abuse training pro-grams for judicial personnel and practi-tioners, as authorized by section 222 of the 1990 Act; and (7) $2,000,000 for a program to improve juve-nile indigent defense: Provided, That not more than 10 percent of each amount may be used for research, eval-uation, and statistics activities designed to benefit the programs or activities author-ized: Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the amounts designated under paragraphs (1) through (3) and (6) may be used for training and technical assistance: Provided further, That the two preceding pro-visos shall not apply to grants and projects administered pursuant to sections 261 and 262 of the 1974 Act and to missing and exploited children programs. 
PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments and expenses authorized under section 1001(a)(4) of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, such sums as are necessary (including amounts for administrative costs), to remain available until expended; and $24,800,000 for payments authorized by section 1201(b) of such Act and for educational assistance au-thorized by section 1218 of such Act, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney Gen-eral that emergent circumstances require additional funding for such disability and education payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Public Safe-ty Officer Benefits’’ from available appro-priations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to respond to such cir-cumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be avail-able for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. C
OMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); and the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’), $275,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any balances made available through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accordance with section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading— (1) $225,500,000 is for grants under section 1701 of title I of the 1968 Act (34 U.S.C. 10381) for the hiring and rehiring of additional ca-reer law enforcement officers under part Q of such title notwithstanding subsection (i) of such section: Provided, That, notwith-standing section 1704(c) of such title (34 U.S.C. 10384(c)), funding for hiring or rehir-ing a career law enforcement officer may not exceed $125,000 unless the Director of the Of-fice of Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices grants a waiver from this limitation: Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $30,000,000 is for improving tribal law en-forcement, including hiring, equipment, training, anti-methamphetamine activities, and anti-opioid activities: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $10,000,000 is for community polic-ing development activities in furtherance of the purposes in section 1701: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph $36,000,000 is for regional informa-tion sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the 1968 Act, which shall be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Research, Evaluation, and Statistics’’ for administra-tion by the Office of Justice Programs; (2) $10,000,000 is for activities authorized by the POLICE Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–199); (3) $8,000,000 is for competitive grants to State law enforcement agencies in States with high seizures of precursor chemicals, finished methamphetamine, laboratories, and laboratory dump seizures: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, in-cluding precursor diversion, laboratories, or methamphetamine traffickers; and (4) $32,000,000 is for competitive grants to statewide law enforcement agencies in States with high rates of primary treatment admissions for heroin and other opioids: Pro- vided, That these funds shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or inves-tigate illicit activities, including activities related to the distribution of heroin or un-lawful distribution of prescription opioids, or unlawful heroin and prescription opioid traf-fickers through statewide collaboration. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  J
USTICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this title for official recep-tion and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $50,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be available to the Attorney General for official reception and representation ex-penses. S
EC. 202. None of the funds appropriated by this title shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Pro- vided, That should this prohibition be de-clared unconstitutional by a court of com-petent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. S
EC. 203. None of the funds appropriated under this title shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. S
EC. 204. Nothing in the preceding section shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services necessary for a female inmate to re-ceive such service outside the Federal facil-ity: Provided, That nothing in this section in any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. SEC. 205. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice in this Act may be transferred between such ap-propriations, but no such appropriation, ex-cept as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion except in compliance with the proce-dures set forth in that section. S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available under this title may be used by the Federal Bureau of Prisons or the United States Mar-shals Service for the purpose of transporting an individual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is classified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bu-reau of Prisons as appropriately secure for housing such a prisoner. S
EC. 207. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for rec-reational purposes. (b) Subsection (a) does not preclude the rental, maintenance, or purchase of audio-visual or electronic media or equipment for inmate training, religious, or educational programs. S
EC. 208. None of the funds made available under this title shall be obligated or ex-pended for any new or enhanced information technology program having total estimated development costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment review board certify to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the in-formation technology program has appro-priate program management controls and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. S
EC. 209. The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. S
EC. 210. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, con-tinue, finish, process, or approve a public- private competition under the Office of Man-agement and Budget Circular A–76 or any successor administrative regulation, direc-tive, or policy for work performed by em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons or of Fed-eral Prison Industries, Incorporated. S
EC. 211. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no funds shall be available for the salary, benefits, or expenses of any United States Attorney assigned dual or ad-ditional responsibilities by the Attorney General or his designee that exempt that United States Attorney from the residency requirements of section 545 of title 28, United States Code. S
EC. 212. At the discretion of the Attorney General, and in addition to any amounts that otherwise may be available (or author-ized to be made available) by law, with re-spect to funds appropriated by this title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1792 March 22, 2018 
under the headings ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’, ‘‘State and Local Law En-forcement Assistance’’, and ‘‘Juvenile Jus-tice Programs’’— (1) up to 3 percent of funds made available to the Office of Justice Programs for grant or reimbursement programs may be used by such Office to provide training and technical assistance; and (2) up to 2 percent of funds made available for grant or reimbursement programs under such headings, except for amounts appro-priated specifically for research, evaluation, or statistical programs administered by the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, shall be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the Na-tional Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, to be used by them for re-search, evaluation, or statistical purposes, without regard to the authorizations for such grant or reimbursement programs. S
EC. 213. Upon request by a grantee for whom the Attorney General has determined there is a fiscal hardship, the Attorney Gen-eral may, with respect to funds appropriated in this or any other Act making appropria-tions for fiscal years 2015 through 2018 for the following programs, waive the following re-quirements: (1) For the adult and juvenile offender State and local reentry demonstration projects under part FF of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631 et seq.), the require-ments under section 2976(g)(1) of such part (34 U.S.C. 10631(g)(1)). (2) For State, Tribal, and local reentry courts under part FF of title I of such Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631 et seq.), the require-ments under section 2978(e)(1) and (2) of such part (34 U.S.C. 10633(e)(1) and (2)). (3) For the prosecution drug treatment al-ternatives to prison program under part CC of title I of such Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10581), the requirements under the second sentence of section 2901(f) of such part (34 U.S.C. 10581(f)). S
EC. 214. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, section 20109(a) of subtitle A of title II of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12109(a)) shall not apply to amounts made available by this or any other Act. S
EC. 215. None of the funds made available under this Act, other than for the national instant criminal background check system established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901), may be used by a Federal law enforce-ment officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Fed-eral law enforcement officer knows or sus-pects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless law enforcement per-sonnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. S
EC. 216. (a) None of the income retained in the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102– 140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018, except up to $40,000,000 may be obli-gated for implementation of a unified De-partment of Justice financial management system. (b) Not to exceed $30,000,000 of the unobli-gated balances transferred to the capital ac-count of the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. (c) Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. SEC. 217. Discretionary funds that are made available in this Act for the Office of Justice Programs may be used to participate in Per-formance Partnership Pilots authorized under section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of division H of Public Law 114–113, and such authorities as are en-acted for Performance Partnership Pilots in an appropriations Act for fiscal years 2017 and 2018. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Justice Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III SCIENCE O
FFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POLICY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Prior-ities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,544,000. N
ATIONAL SPACE COUNCIL  For necessary expenses of the National Space Council, in carrying out the purposes of Title V of Public Law 100-685 and Execu-tive Order 13803, hire of passenger motor ve-hicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to ex-ceed $2,250 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $1,965,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the National Space Council may accept personnel support from Federal agencies, de-partments, and offices, and such Federal agencies, departments, and offices may de-tail staff without reimbursement to the Na-tional Space Council for purposes provided herein. N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  A
DMINISTRATION  
SCIENCE  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and re-pair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communica-tions activities; program management; per-sonnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sec-tions 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $6,221,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That the formula-tion and development costs (with develop-ment cost as defined under section 30104 of title 51, United States Code) for the James Webb Space Telescope shall not exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further, That should the individual identified under subsection (c)(2)(E) of section 30104 of title 51, United States Code, as responsible for the James Webb Space Telescope determine that the de-velopment cost of the program is likely to exceed that limitation, the individual shall immediately notify the Administrator and the increase shall be treated as if it meets the 30 percent threshold described in sub-section (f) of section 30104: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided, $595,000,000 is for an orbiter and a lander to meet the science goals for the Jupiter Europa mission as outlined in the most recent planetary science decadal survey: Provided further, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall use the Space Launch System as the launch vehicles for the Jupi-ter Europa mission, plan for an orbiter launch no later than 2022 and a lander launch no later than 2024, and include in the fiscal year 2020 budget the 5-year funding profile necessary to achieve these goals. AERONAUTICS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of aero-nautics research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and re-pair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communica-tions activities; program management; per-sonnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sec-tions 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $685,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
SPACE TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; mainte-nance and repair, facility planning and de-sign; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program man-agement; personnel and related costs, includ-ing uniforms or allowances therefor, as au-thorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $760,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That $130,000,000 shall be for RESTORE. 
EXPLORATION  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of ex-ploration research and development activi-ties, including research, development, oper-ations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and commu-nications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uni-forms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and pur-chase, lease, charter, maintenance, and oper-ation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,790,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not less than $1,350,000,000 shall be for the Orion Multi- Purpose Crew Vehicle: Provided further, That not less than $2,150,000,000 shall be for the Space Launch System (SLS) launch vehicle, which shall have a lift capability not less than 130 metric tons and which shall have core elements and an Exploration Upper Stage developed simultaneously: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for SLS, not less than $300,000,000 shall be for Exploration Upper Stage development: Pro- vided further, That $895,000,000 shall be for Exploration Ground Systems, including $350,000,000 for a second mobile launch plat-form and associated SLS activities: Provided further, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1793 March 22, 2018 
House of Representatives and the Senate, concurrent with the annual budget submis-sion, a 5-year budget profile for an inte-grated system that includes the Space Launch System, the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, and associated ground systems that will ensure an Exploration Mission-2 crewed launch as early as possible, as well as a system-based funding profile for a sus-tained launch cadence beyond the initial crewed test launch: Provided further, That ac- quisition of Orion crew vehicles, SLS launch vehicles, Exploration Ground Systems, mo-bile launch platforms, and their associated components may be funded incrementally in fiscal year 2018 and thereafter: Provided fur-ther, That $395,000,000 shall be for exploration research and development. 
SPACE OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control and communica-tions activities, including operations, pro-duction, and services; maintenance and re-pair, facility planning and design; program management; personnel and related costs, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,751,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EDUCATION  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of aero-space and aeronautical education research and development activities, including re-search, development, operations, support, and services; program management; per-sonnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sec-tions 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $100,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which $18,000,000 shall be for the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $40,000,000 shall be for the National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program. 
SAFETY , SECURITY AND MISSION SERVICES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, ex-ploration, space operations and education re-search and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facil-ity planning and design; space flight, space-craft control, and communications activi-ties; program management; personnel and re-lated costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel ex-penses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative air-craft, $2,826,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CONSTRUCTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for construction of facilities including repair, rehabilitation, re-vitalization, and modification of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and restoration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and environmental compliance and restoration, $562,240,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That pro- ceeds from leases deposited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in an-nual appropriations Acts: Provided further, That such proceeds referred to in the pre-ceding proviso shall be available for obliga-tion for fiscal year 2018 in an amount not to exceed $9,470,300: Provided further, That each annual budget request shall include an an-nual estimate of gross receipts and collec-tions and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, $39,000,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Funds for any announced prize otherwise authorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until a prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropria-tion made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in this Act may be trans-ferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Bal-ances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a re-programming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion except in compliance with the proce-dures set forth in that section. The spending plan required by this Act shall be provided by NASA at the theme, program, project and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount established in that spending plan that meets the notification re-quirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compli-ance with the procedures set forth in that section. N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES  For necessary expenses in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; maintenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research sup-port; acquisition of aircraft; and authorized travel; $6,334,476,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to ex-ceed $544,000,000 shall remain available until expended for polar research and operations support, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related ac-tivities for the United States Antarctic pro-gram: Provided, That receipts for scientific support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other Na-tional Science Foundation supported re-search facilities may be credited to this ap-propriation. 
MAJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES  
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for the acquisition, construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the Na-tional Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including authorized travel, $182,800,000, to remain available until expended. EDUCATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES  For necessary expenses in carrying out science, mathematics and engineering edu-cation and human resources programs and activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, au-thorized travel, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $902,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
AGENCY OPERATIONS AND AWARD MANAGEMENT  For agency operations and award manage-ment necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allow-ances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Co-lumbia; and reimbursement of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for security guard services; $328,510,000: Provided, That not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided fur-ther, That contracts may be entered into under this heading in fiscal year 2018 for maintenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD  For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, the rental of con-ference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consult-ants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863) and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.), $4,370,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for of-ficial reception and representation expenses. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General as authorized by the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, $15,200,000, of which $400,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropria-tion made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such ap-propriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogram-ming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The Director of the National Science Foun-dation shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 30 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equip-ment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the National Science Foundation. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Science Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1794 March 22, 2018 
TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES C
OMMISSION ON CIVILRIGHTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Commission on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $9,700,000: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this para-graph may be used to employ any individuals under Schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations ex-clusive of one special assistant for each Com-missioner: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to reimburse Commissioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is permitted 125 billable days: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not ex-plicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U.S.C. 1975a). E
QUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission as au-thorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employ-ment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Genetic In-formation Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) of 2008 (Public Law 110–233), the ADA Amend-ments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–325), and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–2), including services as au-thorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehi-cles as authorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; nonmonetary awards to private citizens; and up to $29,500,000 for payments to State and local enforcement agencies for authorized services to the Com-mission, $379,500,000: Provided, That the Com-mission is authorized to make available for official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $2,250 from available funds: Provided further, That the Commission may take no action to implement any work-force repositioning, restructuring, or reorga-nization until such time as the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate have been notified of such proposals, in accordance with the re-programming requirements of section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Chair is authorized to accept and use any gift or do-nation to carry out the work of the Commis-sion. I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Inter-national Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for offi-cial reception and representation expenses, $93,700,000, to remain available until ex-pended. L
EGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  For payment to the Legal Services Cor-poration to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act of 1974, $410,000,000, of which $376,000,000 is for basic field programs and required independent au-dits; $5,100,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, of which such amounts as may be necessary may be used to conduct additional audits of recipients; $19,400,000 is for manage-ment and grants oversight; $4,000,000 is for client self-help and information technology; $4,500,000 is for a Pro Bono Innovation Fund; and $1,000,000 is for loan repayment assist-ance: Provided, That the Legal Services Cor-poration may continue to provide locality pay to officers and employees at a rate no greater than that provided by the Federal Government to Washington, DC-based em-ployees as authorized by section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding sec-tion 1005(d) of the Legal Services Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 2996d(d)): Provided further, That the authorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corporation shall be con-sidered an agency of the United States Gov-ernment. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  None of the funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or lim-ited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appro-priated in this Act to the Legal Services Cor-poration shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, ex-cept that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2017 and 2018, respectively. M
ARINE MAMMAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Marine Mammal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.), $3,431,000. O
FFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE  R
EPRESENTATIVE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the United States Trade Representative, includ-ing the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the employment of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $57,600,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to ex-ceed $124,000 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses. 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities of the United States Trade Representative authorized by section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4405), including transfers, $15,000,000, to be derived from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to subsection (d)(1) of such section shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act. S
TATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the State Jus-tice Institute, as authorized by the State Justice Institute Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq.) $5,121,000, of which $500,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be available for official reception and represen-tation expenses: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. SEC. 502. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 503. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 504. If any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of each provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held in-valid shall not be affected thereby. S
EC. 505. None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appro-priations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project or activity; (3) increases funds or per-sonnel by any means for any project or ac-tivity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employ-ees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices, pro-grams or activities; (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities pres-ently performed by Federal employees; (7) augments existing programs, projects or ac-tivities in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, or reduces by 10 percent funding for any program, project or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent; or (8) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing pro-grams, projects or activities as approved by Congress; unless the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. S
EC. 506. (a) If it has been finally deter-mined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription, or any in-scription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, the person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds made available in this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility pro-cedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. (b)(1) To the extent practicable, with re-spect to authorized purchases of promotional items, funds made available by this Act shall be used to purchase items that are manufac-tured, produced, or assembled in the United States, its territories or possessions. (2) The term ‘‘promotional items’’ has the meaning given the term in OMB Circular A– 87, Attachment B, Item (1)(f)(3). S
EC. 507. (a) The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Science Founda-tion, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quar-terly report on the status of balances of ap-propriations at the account level. For unob-ligated, uncommitted balances and unobli-gated, committed balances the quarterly re-ports shall separately identify the amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1795 March 22, 2018 
attributable to each source year of appro-priation from which the balances were de-rived. For balances that are obligated, but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall sepa-rately identify amounts by the year of obli-gation. (b) The report described in subsection (a) shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. (c) If a department or agency is unable to fulfill any aspect of a reporting requirement described in subsection (a) due to a limita-tion of a current accounting system, the de-partment or agency shall fulfill such aspect to the maximum extent practicable under such accounting system and shall identify and describe in each quarterly report the ex-tent to which such aspect is not fulfilled. S
EC. 508. Any costs incurred by a depart-ment or agency funded under this Act result-ing from, or to prevent, personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions in-cluded in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between ap-propriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addi-tion to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That for the Department of Commerce, this section shall also apply to actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. S
EC. 509. None of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for re-strictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. S
EC. 510. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, amounts deposited or available in the Fund established by section 1402 of chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 (34 U.S.C. 20101) in any fiscal year in excess of $4,436,000,000 shall not be available for ob-ligation until the following fiscal year: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding section 1402(d) of such Act, of the amounts available from the Fund for obligation: (1) $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended to the De-partment of Justice Office of Inspector Gen-eral for oversight and auditing purposes; and (2) 3 percent shall be available to the Office for Victims of Crime for grants, consistent with the requirements of the Victims of Crime Act, to Indian tribes to improve serv-ices for victims of crime. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or deni-grate the religious or moral beliefs of stu-dents who participate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 513. (a) The Inspectors General of the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, and the Legal Services Corpora-tion shall conduct audits, pursuant to the In-spector General Act (5 U.S.C. App.), of grants or contracts for which funds are appro-priated by this Act, and shall submit reports to Congress on the progress of such audits, which may include preliminary findings and a description of areas of particular interest, within 180 days after initiating such an audit and every 180 days thereafter until any such audit is completed. (b) Within 60 days after the date on which an audit described in subsection (a) by an In-spector General is completed, the Secretary, Attorney General, Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, shall make the results of the audit available to the public on the Internet website maintained by the De-partment, Administration, Foundation, or Corporation, respectively. The results shall be made available in redacted form to ex-clude— (1) any matter described in section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code; and (2) sensitive personal information for any individual, the public access to which could be used to commit identity theft or for other inappropriate or unlawful purposes. (c) Any person awarded a grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this Act shall submit a statement to the Secretary of Commerce, the Attorney General, the Ad-ministrator, Director, or President, as appro-priate, certifying that no funds derived from the grant or contract will be made available through a subcontract or in any other man-ner to another person who has a financial in-terest in the person awarded the grant or contract. (d) The provisions of the preceding sub-sections of this section shall take effect 30 days after the date on which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, determines that a uniform set of rules and requirements, sub-stantially similar to the requirements in such subsections, consistently apply under the executive branch ethics program to all Federal departments, agencies, and entities. SEC. 514. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation to acquire a high-impact or moderate-impact information system, as defined for security categorization in the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology’s (NIST) Federal Information Proc-essing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Infor-mation and Information Systems’’ unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST and the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation (FBI) to inform acquisition deci-sions for high-impact and moderate-impact information systems within the Federal Gov-ernment; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the FBI and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the FBI or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an as-sessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufac-tured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, di-rected, or subsidized by the People’s Repub-lic of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Federation. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate- impact information system reviewed and as-sessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in sub-section (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST, the FBI, and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identi-fied risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the FBI, that the acquisition of such sys-tem is in the national interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the agency Inspector General. SEC. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used in any way whatso-ever to support or justify the use of torture by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. S
EC. 516. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law or treaty, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be ex-pended or obligated by a department, agen-cy, or instrumentality of the United States to pay administrative expenses or to com-pensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an ex-port license for the export to Canada of com-ponents, parts, accessories or attachments for firearms listed in Category I, section 121.1 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations (International Trafficking in Arms Regula-tions (ITAR), part 121, as it existed on April 1, 2005) with a total value not exceeding $500 wholesale in any transaction, provided that the conditions of subsection (b) of this sec-tion are met by the exporting party for such articles. (b) The foregoing exemption from obtain-ing an export license— (1) does not exempt an exporter from filing any Shipper’s Export Declaration or notifi-cation letter required by law, or from being otherwise eligible under the laws of the United States to possess, ship, transport, or export the articles enumerated in subsection (a); and (2) does not permit the export without a li-cense of— (A) fully automatic firearms and compo-nents and parts for such firearms, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Can-ada; (B) barrels, cylinders, receivers (frames) or complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; or (C) articles for export from Canada to an-other foreign destination. (c) In accordance with this section, the District Directors of Customs and post-masters shall permit the permanent or tem-porary export without a license of any un-classified articles specified in subsection (a) to Canada for end use in Canada or return to the United States, or temporary import of Canadian-origin items from Canada for end use in the United States or return to Canada for a Canadian citizen. (d) The President may require export li-censes under this section on a temporary basis if the President determines, upon pub-lication first in the Federal Register, that the Government of Canada has implemented or maintained inadequate import controls for the articles specified in subsection (a), such that a significant diversion of such arti-cles has and continues to take place for use in international terrorism or in the esca-lation of a conflict in another nation. The President shall terminate the requirements of a license when reasons for the temporary requirements have ceased. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1796 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 517. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no department, agency, or in-strumentality of the United States receiving appropriated funds under this Act or any other Act shall obligate or expend in any way such funds to pay administrative ex-penses or the compensation of any officer or employee of the United States to deny any application submitted pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778(b)(1)(B) and qualified pursuant to 27 CFR section 478.112 or .113, for a permit to import United States origin ‘‘curios or relics’’ fire-arms, parts, or ammunition. S
EC. 518. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to include in any new bilateral or multilateral trade agree-ment the text of— (1) paragraph 2 of article 16.7 of the United States–Singapore Free Trade Agreement; (2) paragraph 4 of article 17.9 of the United States–Australia Free Trade Agreement; or (3) paragraph 4 of article 15.9 of the United States–Morocco Free Trade Agreement. S
EC. 519. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a national security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bureau of Investigation to issue na-tional security letters: The Right to Finan-cial Privacy Act of 1978; The Electronic Com-munications Privacy Act of 1986; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The National Security Act of 1947; USA PATRIOT Act; USA FREE-DOM Act of 2015; and the laws amended by these Acts. S
EC. 520. If at any time during any quarter, the program manager of a project within the jurisdiction of the Departments of Com-merce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation totaling more than $75,000,000 has reasonable cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the program manager shall immediately inform the respective Sec-retary, Administrator, or Director. The Sec-retary, Administrator, or Director shall no-tify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such no-tice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and pro-posed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contrib-uted to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project’s man-agement structure is adequate to control total project or procurement costs. S
EC. 521. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence re-lated activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 522. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the contractor or grantee has filed all Fed-eral tax returns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any unpaid Federal tax as-sessment for which the liability remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the sub-ject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in de-fault, or the assessment is the subject of a non-frivolous administrative or judicial pro-ceeding. (RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 523. (a) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Commerce, Economic De-velopment Administration, Economic Devel-opment Assistance Programs, $10,000,000 is rescinded not later than September 30, 2018. (b) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby rescinded, not later than September 30, 2018, from the following ac-counts in the specified amounts— (1) ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’, $154,768,000; (2) ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Sala-ries and Expenses’’, $127,291,000 including from, but not limited to, fees collected to de-fray expenses for the automation of finger-print identification and criminal justice in-formation services and associated costs; (3) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Ac-tivities, Office on Violence Against Women, Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecution Programs’’, $15,000,000; (4) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Ac-tivities, Office of Justice Programs’’, $40,000,000; (5) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Ac-tivities, Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices’’, $10,000,000; and (6) ‘‘Legal Activities, Assets Forfeiture Fund’’, $304,000,000, is permanently re-scinded. (c) The Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report no later than Sep-tember 1, 2018, specifying the amount of each rescission made pursuant to subsections (a) and (b). S
EC. 524. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 525. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees from a Federal department or agen-cy, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless such conference is a law enforcement training or operational con-ference for law enforcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attend-ance are law enforcement personnel sta-tioned outside the United States. S
EC. 526. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. S
EC. 527. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 528. The Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall instruct any de-partment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving funds appropriated under this Act to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts and include in its annual performance plan and performance and accountability reports the following: (1) Details on future action the depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality will take to resolve undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (2) The method that the department, agen-cy, or instrumentality uses to track undisbursed balances in expired grant ac-counts. (3) Identification of undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts that may be re-turned to the Treasury of the United States. (4) In the preceding 3 fiscal years, details on the total number of expired grant ac-counts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remaining in the ac-counts. S
EC. 529. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion (NASA) or the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) to develop, de-sign, plan, promulgate, implement, or exe-cute a bilateral policy, program, order, or contract of any kind to participate, collabo-rate, or coordinate bilaterally in any way with China or any Chinese-owned company unless such activities are specifically au-thorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of official Chinese visitors at facili-ties belonging to or utilized by NASA. (c) The limitations described in sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not apply to activi-ties which NASA or OSTP, after consulta-tion with the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, have certified— (1) pose no risk of resulting in the transfer of technology, data, or other information with national security or economic security implications to China or a Chinese-owned company; and (2) will not involve knowing interactions with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. (d) Any certification made under sub-section (c) shall be submitted to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, no later than 30 days prior to the activity in question and shall include a description of the purpose of the activity, its agenda, its major partici-pants, and its location and timing. S
EC. 530. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1797 March 22, 2018 
(1) all other requirements of law with re-spect to the proposed importation are met; and (2) no application for the importation of such model of shotgun, in the same configu-ration, had been denied by the Attorney Gen-eral prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suit-able for or readily adaptable to sporting pur-poses. S
EC. 531. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance- related activity. S
EC. 532. The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, the International Trade Commis-sion, the Legal Services Corporation, the Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, the Na-tional Space Council, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spending plans, signed by the respective department or agency head, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate within 45 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. S
EC. 533. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 534. The Department of Commerce, the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, and the National Science Founda-tion shall provide a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any of-ficial travel to China by any employee of such Department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. S
EC. 535. Of the amounts made available by this Act, not less than 10 percent of each total amount provided, respectively, for Pub-lic Works grants authorized by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 and grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722) shall be allo-cated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty coun-ties’’ means any county that has had 20 per-cent or more of its population living in pov-erty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates. S
EC. 536. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory per-formance or for performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. S
EC. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 7606 (‘‘Legitimacy of Industrial Hemp Research’’) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79) by the Department of Justice or the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration. S
EC. 538. None of the funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkan-sas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Dela-ware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indi-ana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Min-nesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Ne-vada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mex-ico, New York, North Carolina, North Da-kota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsyl-vania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Ten-nessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, or with respect to the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico, to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical mari-juana. SEC. 539. Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Com-merce (Secretary) shall lift the stay on the effective date of the final rule for the seafood import monitoring program published by the Secretary on December 9, 2016, (81 Fed. Reg. 88975 et seq.) for the species described in sec-tion 300.324(a)(3) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That the compliance date for the species described in section 300.324(a)(3) of title 50, Code of Federal Regu-lations, shall occur not later than December 31, 2018: Provided further, That not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall estab-lish a traceability program for United States inland, coastal, and marine aquaculture of shrimp and abalone from point of production to entry into United States commerce: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall pro-mulgate such regulations as are necessary and appropriate to establish and implement the program: Provided further, That informa-tion collected pursuant to a regulation pro-mulgated under this section shall be con-fidential and not be disclosed except for the information disclosed under section 401(b)(1) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a(b)(1)): Provided further, That any regu-lations promulgated under this section shall be enforced as if this section were a provi-sion of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) and the regulations were pro-mulgated under such Act. S
EC. 540. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Justice, State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office of Jus-tice Programs, State and Local Law Enforce-ment Assistance’’, $2,500,000 to keep young athletes safe. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,628,855,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for else-where), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,772,118,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,231,114,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (ex-cept members of reserve components pro-vided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation ca-dets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,790,440,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,715,608,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equiv-alent duty, and expenses authorized by sec-tion 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,988,362,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on ac-tive duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on ac-tive duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1798 March 22, 2018 
the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $764,903,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,802,554,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $8,264,626,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,408,817,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $38,816,957,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as author-ized by law, $45,384,353,000: Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emer-gencies and extraordinary expenses, to be ex-pended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for con-fidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,605,546,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $39,544,193,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and ex-traordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as authorized by law, $34,059,257,000: Provided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Ini-tiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $38,458,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $9,385,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is available only for expenses relat-ing to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance ap-propriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and main-tenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $631,670,000, of which $157,917,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and as-sistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security co-operation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $2,877,104,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $1,069,707,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and trans-portation; care of the dead; recruiting; pro-curement of services, supplies, and equip-ment; and communications, $284,837,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; re-pair of facilities and equipment; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; travel and transpor-tation; care of the dead; recruiting; procure-ment of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,202,307,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the Na-tional Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of sup-plies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,284,170,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; sup-plying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for re-pair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; trav-el expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while in-specting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bu-reau, $6,900,798,000. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,538,000, of which not to ex-ceed $5,000 may be used for official represen-tation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $235,809,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1799 March 22, 2018 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appro-priation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $365,883,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $352,549,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $19,002,000, to remain available until transferred: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are re-quired for environmental restoration, reduc-tion and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar pur-poses, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of De-fense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  U
SEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $248,673,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the De-partment of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND C
IVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid pro-grams of the Department of Defense (con-sisting of the programs provided under sec-tions 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $129,900,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019. C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance pro-vided by contract or by grants, under pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Pro-gram authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $350,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  W
ORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $500,000,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or trans-ferred to the Fund, or deposited into the Fund, in fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code: Pro- vided further, That within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer to the Treasury from amounts made available under this heading an amount equal to any amounts transferred to the Fund for fiscal year 2018 before the date of the enactment of this Act pursuant to section 1705(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law: Provided further, That amounts so trans-ferred shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,535,794,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,196,910,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, includ-ing ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and in-stallation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other ex-penses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,391,573,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,548,740,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1800 March 22, 2018 
prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $8,298,418,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $19,957,380,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and re-lated support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway, $3,510,590,000, to remain avail-able for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $804,335,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construc-tion, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and ar-mament thereof, plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $861,853,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 80), $1,569,646,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 79), $2,561,058,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,305,315,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $2,145,596,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,569,669,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $75,897,000; DDG–1000 Program, $216,968,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,357,079,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $90,336,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,566,971,000; Amphibious Ship Replacement, $1,800,000,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $635,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,710,927,000; Expeditionary Fast Transport, $225,000,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $457,988,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,068,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $76,204,000; T–AGS Oceanographic Survey Ship, $180,000,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $524,554,000; Service Craft, $62,994,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $489,073,000; Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $117,542,000; and Polar Icebreakers, $150,000,000. In all: $23,824,738,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That additional obligations may be in-curred after September 30, 2022, for engineer-ing services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be con-structed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act for production of the com-mon missile compartment of nuclear-pow-ered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to sup-port continuous production of such compart-ments only in accordance with the provi-sions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and mod-ernization of support equipment and mate-rials not otherwise provided for, Navy ord-nance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $7,941,018,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procure-ment, manufacture, and modification of mis-siles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equip-ment, appliances, and machine tools, and in-stallation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehi-cles for the Marine Corps, including the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,942,737,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; special-ized equipment; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erec-tion of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to ap-proval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $18,504,556,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,207,747,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $3,552,175,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,651,977,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1801 March 22, 2018 
therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; lease of passenger motor ve-hicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $20,503,273,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procure-ment, production, and modification of equip-ment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of struc-tures, and acquisition of land for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,429,270,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of De-fense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $67,401,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $10,647,426,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $18,010,754,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $37,428,078,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $22,010,975,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this para-graph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid In-novation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to in-clude program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept dem-onstration; engineering, testing, and valida-tion; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the pur-pose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , D
EFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evalua-tion, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, pro-duction decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $210,900,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,685,596,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $34,428,167,000; of which $31,521,850,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $15,349,700,000 may be avail-able for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $867,002,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,039,315,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and eval-uation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, de-velopment, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV preven-tion educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assist-ance activities conducted primarily in Afri-can nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for re-search, development, test and evaluation, not less than $1,095,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical re-search programs. C
HEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provi-sions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chem-ical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $961,732,000, of which $104,237,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,401,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,045,000 for activities on mili-tary installations and $28,356,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to assist State and local governments; $18,081,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $16,787,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emer-gency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments and $1,294,000 for ac-tivities on military installations; and $839,414,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for research, devel-opment, test and evaluation, of which $831,900,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and main-tenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $934,814,000, of which $552,648,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $120,813,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $236,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program; and $25,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the ap-propriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $321,887,000, of which $319,087,000 shall be for operation and main-tenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and pay-ments may be made on the Inspector Gen-eral’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, $514,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1802 March 22, 2018 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $537,600,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any per-son not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of De-fense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase au-thorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is com-puted under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in ex-cess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own em-ployees, whichever is higher: Provided fur-ther, That this section shall not apply to De-partment of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplo-matic missions whose pay is set by the De-partment of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limita-tions of this provision shall not apply to for-eign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. S
EC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 25 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,250,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made avail-able in this Act to the Department of De-fense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which trans-ferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which origi-nally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other au-thority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be avail-able to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for re-programming of funds, unless for higher pri-ority items, based on unforeseen military re-quirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2018: Provided further, That trans-fers among military personnel appropria-tions shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this sec-tion. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budg-et activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the ta-bles titled Explanation of Project Level Ad-justments in the explanatory statement re-garding this Act, the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those pro-grams, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced ta-bles described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in sub-section (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such re-programming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working cap-ital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed trans-fer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to work-ing capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war re-serve material inventory, unless the Sec-retary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 cal-endar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liabil-ity in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the con-gressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quan-tity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s li-ability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procure-ment of aircraft, that includes, for any air-craft unit to be procured through the con-tract for which procurement funds are re-quested in that budget request for produc-tion beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor asso-ciated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for a multiyear procurement contract as follows: V–22 Osprey aircraft variants; up to 13 SSN Virginia Class Sub-marines and Government-furnished equip-ment; and DDG–51 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers, the MK41 Vertical Launching Systems, and asso-ciated Government-furnished systems and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1803 March 22, 2018 
subsystems: Provided, That the term of any multiyear procurement contract for V–22 Os-prey aircraft variants entered into for use of any part of any appropriation contained in this Act may not exceed 5 years. S
EC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic as-sistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assist-ance costs incidental to authorized oper-ations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humani-tarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such fa-cilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian pa-tients from American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Mi-cronesia, Palau, and Guam. S
EC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the manage-ment of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an end-strength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2019. (c) As required by section 1107 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Al-lowances, and the management of the work-force strength shall be done in a manner con-sistent with the budget available with re-spect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to apply to military (civilian) techni-cians. S
EC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional ac-tion on any legislation or appropriation mat-ters pending before the Congress. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a full-time student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a full-time student is credited to-ward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided fur-ther, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Prote´ge´Program developmental as-sistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the au-thority of this provision or any other trans-fer authority contained in this Act. S
EC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manu-factured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the ag-gregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components pro-duced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service re-sponsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States un-less such malt beverages and wine are pro-cured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is lo-cated: Provided further, That such local pro-curement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic bev-erages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with an-other State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt bev-erages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. S
EC. 8018. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to de-militarize or destroy small arms ammuni-tion or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for fur-ther use. S
EC. 8019. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Cap-ital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. SEC. 8020. Of the funds made available in this Act, $20,000,000 shall be available for in-centive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a sub-contract award to any subcontractor or sup-plier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or in-dividuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be consid-ered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under sec-tion 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appro-priated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That not- withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisi-tion of commercial items produced or manu-factured, in whole or in part, by any subcon-tractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. S
EC. 8021. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international polit-ical or psychological activities. S
EC. 8022. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contribu-tions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. S
EC. 8023. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $43,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corpora-tion, of which— (1) $30,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to sup-port Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activi-ties involving youth programs; (2) $10,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle pro-curement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activi-ties in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8024. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an orga-nization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation con-sisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1804 March 22, 2018 
(b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, ex-cept when acting in a technical advisory ca-pacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the de-partment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Govern-ment grants, for absorption of contract over-runs, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2018, not more than 6,030 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to pre-viously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the de-fense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intel-ligence Program (NIP) and the Military In-telligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, submit a report pre-senting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each de-fense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $131,000,000. S
EC. 8025. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro- vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided fur-ther, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 8026. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate, the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives. SEC. 8027. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense- related articles, through competition be-tween Department of Defense depot mainte-nance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency con-cerned, with power of delegation, shall cer-tify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. S
EC. 8028. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a for-eign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall re-scind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursu-ant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from for-eign entities in fiscal year 2018. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 8029. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8030. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accord-ance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under sub-section (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131). SEC. 8031. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance may be used to purchase items hav-ing an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. S
EC. 8032. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated Janu-ary 27, 2014. S
EC. 8033. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in mili-tary resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local com-munity: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or to-bacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8034. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the pur-pose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to cus-tomers of the Department of Defense Work-ing Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fis-cal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for pro-curement. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropria-tion contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2019 procure-ment appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8035. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central In-telligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, ex-cept for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund dur-ing this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1805 March 22, 2018 
or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and develop-ment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8036. Up to $10,322,000 of the funds ap-propriated under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Pro-gram for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Co-operation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding au-thorities for humanitarian assistance, secu-rity assistance or combined exercise ex-penses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any for-eign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. S
EC. 8037. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environ-mental impacts, including training and tech-nical assistance to tribes, related adminis-trative support, the gathering of informa-tion, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. S
EC. 8038. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of inten-tionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall deter-mine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the per-son should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or prod-ucts purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of De-fense, in expending the appropriation, pur-chase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competi-tive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. S
EC. 8039. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the de-partment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the lim-itations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and cer-tifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that the granting of the waiver will re-duce the personnel requirements or the fi-nancial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to improve the effectiveness and effi-ciencies of biometric activities and to inte-grate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency es-tablished to administer the Air Force Mor-tuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Oper-ations for the Department of Defense and au-thorized Federal entities. SEC. 8040. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be available to con-vert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of De-fense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organiza-tion plan developed by such activity or func-tion; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for per-formance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or func-tion by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organi-zation’s personnel-related costs for perform-ance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an ad-vantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the work-ers who are to be employed in the perform-ance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian em-ployees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwith-standing any administrative regulation, re-quirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or in-dustrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list es-tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits- Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in ac-cordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified firm under at least 51 per-cent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot mainte-nance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or func-tion of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or out-sourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, sub-section (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or out-sourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8041. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2016/2018, $5,517,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $172,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $56,900,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 2016/2018, $5,000,000; ‘‘Procurement, Defense-wide’’, 2016/2018, $7,264,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $19,319,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $17,000,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2017/2019, $7,064,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, 2017/2019, $15,507,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $12,535,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $45,900,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $32,200,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: Car-rier Replacement Program’’, 2017/2021, $14,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $78,347,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $31,639,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $34,900,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $18,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $136,691,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Army’’, 2017/2018, $62,331,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Navy’’, 2017/2018, $9,128,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2017/2018, $131,000,000; and ‘‘Defense Health Program: Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation’’, 2017/2018, $30,000,000. S
EC. 8042. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the author-ized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air Na-tional Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any ad-ministratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military tech-nicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. S
EC. 8043. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that pur-pose. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1806 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 8044. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Mili-tary Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve provide intel-ligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8045. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appro-priations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activi-ties may be transferred to any other depart-ment or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. S
EC. 8046. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domes-tic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense re-quirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to ac-quire capability for national security pur-poses: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commer-cial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the re-striction shall apply to ball or roller bear-ings purchased as end items. S
EC. 8047. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Working Capital Fund, Army’’, $99,000,000 shall be available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. S
EC. 8048. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procure-ments are open for award to all certified pro-viders of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehi-cle-class systems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. S
EC. 8049. In addition to the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available else-where in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organiza-tions and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. S
EC. 8050. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8051. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision in this Act, the Small Business Inno-vation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set- asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the ex-tent they contribute to the extramural budg-et. SEC. 8052. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a con-tractor under a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8053. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred, to be used in support of such per-sonnel in connection with support and serv-ices for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8054. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of sec-tion 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unex-pended balance, an obligation or an adjust-ment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the ex-pired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that ac-count; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current ap-propriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subse-quent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the au-thority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro- vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. S
EC. 8055. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equip-ment of the National Guard Distance Learn-ing Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall es-tablish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associ-ated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. S
EC. 8056. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relation-ships to give Fleet Forces Command oper-ational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and con-trol relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro- vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notifi-cation unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any pro-posed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational re-quirements. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8057. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-wide’’, $35,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Coun-sel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Depart-ment of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are trans-ferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. S
EC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or in-ventory requirements: Provided, That this re-striction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping, and test activi-ties preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, submit a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for end-items used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the Na-tional Intelligence Program: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate that it is in the na-tional security interest to do so. S
EC. 8059. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with re-spect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from for-eign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limi-tation with respect to that country would in-validate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate recip-rocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under con-tracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any rea-son other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1807 March 22, 2018 
(c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limi-tation regarding construction of public ves-sels, ball and roller bearings, food, and cloth-ing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. S
EC. 8060. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Depart-ment of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8061. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Serv-ice Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Cen-ter for Public Service Training and Develop-ment Act (2 U.S.C. 1105). S
EC. 8062. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability dem-onstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national inter-est to do so. S
EC. 8063. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly re-port to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. S
EC. 8064. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serv-ing on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground- based elements of the National Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. S
EC. 8065. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any non-governmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center- fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor pene-trator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-pierc-ing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a con-tract that requires the entity to dem-onstrate to the satisfaction of the Depart-ment of Defense that armor piercing projec-tiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of De-fense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. S
EC. 8066. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under sec-tion 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organi-zation specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, so-cial, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by- case basis. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8067. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $66,881,780 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the ac-quisition of real property, construction, per-sonal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts en-tered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro- vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the max-imum extent consistent with the national se-curity, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 8068. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budg-et, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassi-fied P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are appor-tioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be con-strued to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Pro-gram budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is other-wise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal re-porting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management proc-esses. Such study shall include a comprehen-sive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alter-natives will help achieve auditability, im-prove fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and in-telligence committees. S
EC. 8069. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $10,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the deter-mination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible mili-tary beneficiary. SEC. 8070. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that require-ment concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8071. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $705,800,000 shall be for the Israeli Coopera-tive Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $92,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rock-et threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $221,500,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, in-cluding cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $310,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Mis-sile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activi-ties of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amend-ed, of which $105,000,000 shall be for testing of the upper-tier component to the Israeli Mis-sile Defense Architecture in the United States; and $82,300,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including de-velopment of a long range, ground and air-borne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8072. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $117,542,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro- vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appro-priations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2018: Carrier Re-placement Program $20,000,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: DDG–51 De-stroyer $19,436,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Littoral Com-bat Ship $6,394,000; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1808 March 22, 2018 
(4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: LHA Replace-ment $14,200,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2018: DDG–51 De-stroyer $31,941,000; (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2018: Litoral Combat Ship $20,471,000; and (7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2018: LCAC $5,100,000. S
EC. 8073. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. S
EC. 8074. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new pro-gram, project, or activity unless such pro-gram, project, or activity must be under-taken immediately in the interest of na-tional security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8075. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in con-tingency operations for the Military Per-sonnel accounts, the Operation and Mainte-nance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency oper-ation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided fur-ther, That these documents shall include es-timated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhib-its OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Depart-ment of Defense Financial Management Reg-ulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. S
EC. 8076. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile de-fense system. S
EC. 8077. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $4,000,000. S
EC. 8078. The Secretary of Defense may use up to $800,000,000 of the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services pursuant to section 806 of the Bob Stump National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note): Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees promptly of all uses of this authority. S
EC. 8079. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of na-tional defense requirements during the non- hurricane season. SEC. 8080. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States per-sons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8081. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of un-manned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8082. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall re-main available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appro-priated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8083. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appro-priations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. S
EC. 8084. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees to establish the baseline for applica-tion of reprogramming and transfer authori-ties for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 8085. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, re-structure, or realign Army Contracting Com-mand—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Con-tracting Command—New Jersey sites with-out 30-day prior notification to the congres-sional defense committees. S
EC. 8086. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds, appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not partici-pating, pursuant to section 331(d) Title 10 U.S.C. shall be made in accordance with sec-tions 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8087. Any transfer of amounts appro-priated to, credited to, or deposited in the Department of Defense Acquisition Work-force Development Fund in or for fiscal year 2018 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8088. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assist-ance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Sol-diers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that in-cludes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under sec-tion 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. S
EC. 8089. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in ac-cordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropria-tions, unless the congressional intelligence com-mittees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notifica-tion period may be reduced for urgent na-tional security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming or transfer of funds in accord-ance with section 102A(d) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that re-sults in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congres-sional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security require-ments. S
EC. 8090. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years intelligence pro-gram (including associated annexes) reflect-ing the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. S
EC. 8091. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’’ means the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1809 March 22, 2018 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8092. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the ap-propriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department con-cerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8093. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available for the purpose of making remittances to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8094. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal con-tract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provi-sion of an existing agreement with an em-ployee or independent contractor that man-dates that the employee or independent con-tractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be en-forced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or sub-contract if the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national secu-rity interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall trans-mit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this sub-section not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8096. From within the funds appro-priated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $115,519,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for pur-poses of section 1704(b), the facility oper-ations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and sup-porting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by sec-tion 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-ther, That additional funds may be trans-ferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Pro-gram to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 8097. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8098. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8099. Upon a determination by the Di-rector of National Intelligence that such ac-tion is necessary and in the national inter-est, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, trans-fer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unfore-seen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2018. S
EC. 8100. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 8101. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprison-ment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8102. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity ex-cept in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). S
EC. 8104. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of Defense, or any other official or of-ficer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of under-standing, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that it is in the vital na-tional security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the con-gressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the trans-fer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1810 March 22, 2018 
which such a waiver is issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. S
EC. 8105. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8106. The Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Service Secretaries, shall submit two reports to the congressional de-fense committees, not later than March 1, 2018, and not later than September 1, 2018, detailing the submission of records during the previous 6 months to databases acces-sible to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS), including the Interstate Identification Index (III), the Na-tional Crime Information Center (NCIC), and the NICS Index, as required by Public Law 110–180: Provided, That such reports shall pro-vide the number and category of records sub-mitted by month to each such database, by Service or Component: Provided further, That such reports shall identify the number and category of records submitted by month to those databases for which the Identification for Firearm Sales (IFFS) flag or other data-base flags were used to pre-validate the records and indicate that such persons are prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm: Provided further, That such reports shall describe the steps taken during the pre-vious 6 months, by Service or Component, to ensure complete and accurate submission and appropriate flagging of records of indi-viduals prohibited from gun possession or re-ceipt pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 922(g) or (n) in-cluding applicable records involving pro-ceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. S
EC. 8107. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders ap-pointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia pay-ments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal in-jury, or death that is incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this sec-tion may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-ent is determined by the local military com-mander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be com-pensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘For-eign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) N
ATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Sec-retary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should in-clude such factors as cultural appropriate-ness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) LEGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this sub-section. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Depart-ment of Defense regulations. (f) W
RITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. S
EC. 8108. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or mainte-nance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accord-ance with section 1042 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8109. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. S
EC. 8110. The Secretary of each military department, in reducing each research, de-velopment, test and evaluation and procure-ment account of the military department as required under paragraph (1) of section 828(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as amended by section 825(a)(3) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018, shall allocate the percentage reduction determined under paragraph (2) of such section 828(d) propor-tionally from all programs, projects, or ac-tivities under such account: Provided, That the authority under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) to transfer amounts available in the Rapid Prototyping Fund shall be subject to section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applica-ble. S
EC. 8111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the perform-ance of a flight demonstration team at a lo-cation outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a per-formance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was can-celed during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. S
EC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Se-curity Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to sec-tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any elec-tronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic commu-nication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 8114. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Fed-eral agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Pro- vided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. SEC. 8115. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or ex-pand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the con-gressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military oper-ation being conducted by United States Spe-cial Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive the prohibitions in this sec-tion if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary cir-cumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such waiv-er. S
EC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolu-tion (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in con-travention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 8117. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO(X) program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following compo-nents unless those components are manufac-tured in the United States: Auxiliary equip-ment (including pumps) for shipboard serv-ices; propulsion equipment (including en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers); ship-board cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8118. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $110,780,000. S
EC. 8119. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or par-ticipants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and De-partment of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (en-closure 3, 14a and 14b). S
EC. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. S
EC. 8121. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $289,255,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes re-lated to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1811 March 22, 2018 
Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro- vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and ex-penses related to the National Defense Re-serve Fleet. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8122. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $46,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, and up to $45,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ to develop, replace, and sus-tain Federal Government security and suit-ability background investigation informa-tion technology systems of the Office of Per-sonnel Management or other Federal agency responsible for conducting such investiga-tions: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts into these head-ings or into ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ using established reprogramming procedures prescribed in the Department of Defense Fi-nancial Management Regulation 7000.14, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 6, dated September 2015: Pro- vided further, That such funds shall supple-ment, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. S
EC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8124. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. S
EC. 8125. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center estab-lished by section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8126. No amounts credited or other-wise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be trans-ferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department spe-cific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). S
EC. 8127. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $235,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be avail-able to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwith-standing any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military instal-lations in order to address capacity or facil-ity condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjust-ment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition defi-ciencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice ti-tled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expan-sion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on Sep-tember 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Pro- vided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand ele-mentary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address ca-pacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8128. In carrying out the program de-scribed in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/ Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to im-plement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guid-ance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding em-bryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limita-tion on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. S
EC. 8129. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. S
EC. 8130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. S
EC. 8131. Section 316(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the study under this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘the study and assessment under this section’’. S
EC. 8132. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, from funds made available to the Department of Defense in title II of this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’, $15,000,000 shall be available for a project in a country des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense: Pro- vided, That in furtherance of the project the Department of Defense is authorized to ac-quire services, including services performed pursuant to a grant agreement, from another Federal agency, on an advance of funds or re-imbursable basis: Provided further, That an order for services placed under this section is deemed to be an obligation in the same man-ner that a similar order placed under a con-tract with a private contractor is an obliga-tion. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,683,694,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $377,857,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $103,979,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $914,119,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $24,942,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $9,091,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,328,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $20,569,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $184,589,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,004,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1812 March 22, 2018 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $17,352,994,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $6,449,404,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,401,536,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,873,895,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $7,575,195,000: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $1,000,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for payments to re-imburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That such reim-bursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may de-termine, based on documentation deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense to ade-quately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclu-sive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing spe-cialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and sta-bility operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following notification to the ap-propriate congressional committees: Pro- vided further, That these funds may be used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional de-fense committees outlining the amounts in-tended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to pro-vide support and assistance to foreign secu-rity forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterter-rorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $24,699,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $23,980,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,367,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $53,523,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $108,111,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,400,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,666,815,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of allowing the Com-mander, Combined Security Transition Com-mand—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s des-ignee, to provide assistance, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, to the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan, including the pro-vision of equipment, supplies, services, train-ing, facility and infrastructure repair, ren-ovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan In-frastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to pro-vide assistance under this heading is in addi-tion to any other authority to provide assist-ance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall notify the congres-sional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the spe-cific use of such contributions: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the con-gressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment pro-cured using funds provided under this head-ing in this or prior Acts, and not yet trans-ferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written no-tification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and reten-tion of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COUNTER -ISIS T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,769,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide as-sistance, including training; equipment; lo-gistics support, supplies, and services; sti-pends; infrastructure repair and renovation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1813 March 22, 2018 
and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals par-ticipating, or preparing to participate in ac-tivities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Sec-retary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide as-sistance only for activities in a country des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional de-fense committees of such designation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assist-ance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appro-priately vetted, including at a minimum, as-sessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving com-mitments from such elements to promote re-spect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obliga-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contribu-tions, including assistance in-kind, from for-eign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out as-sistance authorized under this heading: Pro- vided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any for-eign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support serv-ices or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provi-sion of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assist-ance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congres-sional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appro-priations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment pro-cured using funds provided under this head-ing, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was trans-ferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to partici-pate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the con-gressional defense committees: Provided fur-ther, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to secu-rity forces, irregular forces, or groups par-ticipating, or preparing to participate in ac-tivities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense commit-tees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment pro-vided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contribu-tions of other countries, groups, or individ-uals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $420,086,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $709,283,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army’’, $1,191,139,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Army’’, $191,836,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Army’’, $405,575,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $157,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $130,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $233,406,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Navy’’, $239,359,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Marine Corps’’, $64,307,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $503,938,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $481,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $2,256,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $551,509,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $3,324,590,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Defense-Wide’’, $517,041,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1814 March 22, 2018 
weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,300,000,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Re-serve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $235,368,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $167,565,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $129,608,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $394,396,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $148,956,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $395,805,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Inter-diction and Counter-Drug Activities, De-fense’’, $196,300,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,250,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the author-ity in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construc-tion associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for op-eration and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of over-seas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction include all in-house Govern-ment costs. S
EC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may pur-chase for use by military and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of re-sponsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger car-rying vehicles. S
EC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Com-manders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not ex-ceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6-month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quar-ter, the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees quarterly com-mitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided fur-ther, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes de-scribed herein for a project with a total an-ticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written no-tice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military cam-paign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the pro-posed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agency of the United States Govern-ment or a third-party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and main-tenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined op-eration with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That the Secretary of De-fense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. S
EC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Na-tions Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Re-form and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1815 March 22, 2018 
of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Depart-ment of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the ap-proval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That the AROC must approve the re-quirement and acquisition plan for any serv-ice requirements in excess of $50,000,000 an-nually and any non-standard equipment re-quirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has con-vened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance may be used to pur-chase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of De-fense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Com-mander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. S
EC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appro-priated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be used to pro-vide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. S
EC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to pro-cure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative’’, $200,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and serv-ices; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weap-ons or defensive articles provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional de-fense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written no-tification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. S
EC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 for ‘‘Assist-ance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reim-bursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neigh-boring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judi-cial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, ex-ercises such waiver authority, the Secre-taries shall report to the congressional de-fense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Paki-stan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classi-fied form if necessary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $770,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to im-prove the intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer au-thority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro- vided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any pro-gram, project, or activity specifically lim-ited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. SEC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent in-volvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congres-sional consultation and reporting require-ments of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 9019. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of ad-ditional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghani-stan National Security Forces or the Af-ghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congres-sional defense committees of the Afghani-stan Air Force’s medium airlift require-ments. The report should identify Afghani-stan’s ability to utilize and maintain exist-ing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghani-stan Air Force’s current medium airlift ca-pacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9020. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide: Coalition Support Fund’’, 2017/2018, $500,000,000; ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide: DSCA Security Cooperation’’, 2017/2018, $250,000,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $100,000,000; ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’, 2017/2018, $80,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $25,100,000; and ‘‘Counter-ISIL Overseas Contingency Oper-ations Transfer Fund’’, XXXX, $1,610,000,000. S
EC. 9021. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the United States strategy to defeat Al- Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and their associated forces and co-belligerents. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the adequacy of the ex-isting legal framework to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a), particu-larly with respect to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolu-tion of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1816 March 22, 2018 
(2) An analysis of the budgetary resources necessary to accomplish the strategy de-scribed in subsection (a). (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall tes-tify at any hearing held by any of the appro-priate congressional committees on the re-port and to which the Secretary is invited. (d) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committees on Foreign Relations, Armed Services and Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services and Appropriations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 9022. Funds available for the Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund may be used to provide limited training, equipment, and other assistance that would otherwise be prohibited by 10 U.S.C. 362 to a unit of the se-curity forces of Afghanistan only if the Sec-retary certifies to the congressional defense committees, within 30 days of a decision to provide such assistance, that (1) a denial of such assistance would present significant risk to U.S. or coalition forces or signifi-cantly undermine United States national se-curity objectives in Afghanistan; and (2) the Secretary has sought a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to take all nec-essary corrective steps: Provided, That such certification shall be accompanied by a re-port describing: (1) the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; (2) the circumstances that necessitated the pro-vision of such assistance; (3) the Afghan se-curity force unit involved; (4) the assistance provided and the assistance withheld; and (5) the corrective steps to be taken by the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan: Provided further, That every 120 days after the initial report an additional report shall be submitted de-tailing the status of any corrective steps taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That if the Government of Afghanistan has not initiated necessary cor-rective steps within one year of the certifi-cation, the authority under this section to provide assistance to such unit shall no longer apply: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall submit a report to such commit-tees detailing the final disposition of the case by the Government of Afghanistan. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DEVEL-OPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of pro-posed river and harbor, flood and storm dam-age reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construc-tion, $123,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate six new study starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the new study starts shall consist of five studies where the majority of the benefits are de-rived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one study where the majority of benefits are derived from environmental restoration: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construc-tion of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participa-tion by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selec-tion by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to con-struction); $2,085,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of con-struction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities pro-gram shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall initiate five new construction starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided fur-ther, That the new construction starts shall consist of four projects where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one project where the majority of the benefits are de-rived from environmental restoration: Pro- vided further, That for new construction projects, project cost sharing agreements shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than September 30, 2018: Provided further, That no allocation for a new start shall be considered final and no work allow-ance shall be made until the Secretary pro-vides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an out-year fund-ing scenario demonstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $425,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible oper-ation and maintenance costs for inland har-bors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall initiate one new study start dur-ing fiscal year 2018. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing secu-rity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative build-ings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,630,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the spe-cial account for the Corps of Engineers es-tablished by the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, re-search, interpretation, and maintenance ac-tivities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is avail-able; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Pro- vided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up con-tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $139,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $35,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $185,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1817 March 22, 2018 
That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works execu-tive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the super-vision and general administration of emer-gency operations, repairs, and other activi-ties in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as des-ignated under such heading in the explana-tory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consoli-dated Act)) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or enti-ties funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2018, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations; (6) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogramming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up to $25,000 may be repro-grammed into any continuing study or activ-ity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant admin-istrative expenses; (7) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate de-ficiency judgments: Provided further, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not re-ceive an appropriation for existing obliga-tions and concomitant administrative ex-penses; (8) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Unlim- ited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emer-gencies: Provided, That the Chief of Engi-neers shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of these emergency actions as soon thereafter as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is al-lowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropria-tion; (9) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES .— The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investiga-tions, Construction, and Operation and Maintenance portions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) F
ORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL AC -
TION PROGRAM .—Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) D
EMINIMUS REPROGRAMMINGS .—In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. (c) C
ONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM .— Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the con-tinuing authorities program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if applicable, and the fiscal year en-acted level; and (2) A delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by object class and pro-gram, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appro-priations; and (3) An identification of items of special congressional interest. S
EC. 102. The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accord-ance with the provisions of this Act and the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), including the determina-tion and designation of new starts. S
EC. 103. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. S
EC. 104. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 105. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alter-native for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Pro-vided, That until an open lake placement al-ternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material con-sistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). SEC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Ken-tucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). S
EC. 109. Relative to the Rough River Lake Flowage Easement Encroachment Resolu-tion Plan, the Chief of Engineers shall sub-mit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report that includes an inventory of habit-able structures and improvements built, in-stalled, or established in the flowage ease-ment boundary; whether each such structure or improvement in the inventory was built, installed or established within the flowage easement boundary before or after the sur-veys conducted by the Corps of Engineers in 2013, 2014, and 2015; and what notice land-owners had of the flowage easement bound-ary prior to those surveys. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $10,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,450,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and res-toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,332,124,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1818 March 22, 2018 
River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be in-creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be fi-nanced by the Reclamation Fund or the Bu-reau of Reclamation special fee account es-tablished by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Pro- vided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706: Pro- vided further, That in accordance with sec-tion 4009(c) of Public Law 114–322 and as rec-ommended by the Secretary in a letter dated November 21, 2017, funding provided for such purpose in fiscal year 2017 shall be made available to the North Valley Regional Recy-cled Water Program, the Orange County Sanitation District Effluent Reuse Imple-mentation Project—Headworks Segregation, and the Groundwater Reliability Improve-ment Program (GRIP) Recycled Water Project: Provided further, That in accordance with section 4007 of Public Law 114–322 and as recommended by the Secretary in a letter dated February 23, 2018, funding provided for such purpose in fiscal year 2017 shall be made available to the Shasta Dam and Reservoir Enlargement Project, the North-of-Delta Offstream Storage Investigation/Sites Res-ervoir Storage Project, the Upper San Joa-quin River Basin Storage Investigation, the Friant-Kern Canal Subsidence Challenges Project, the Boise River Basin Feasibility Study, the Yakima River Basin Water En-hancement Project—Cle Elum Pool Raise, and the Upper Yakima System Storage Fea-sibility Study. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $41,376,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments author-ized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in- stream purposes if the water is already com-mitted to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environ-mental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear per-formance measures demonstrating concur-rent progress in achieving the goals and ob-jectives of the Program. POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, adminis-tration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and of-fices in the five regions of the Bureau of Rec-lamation, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimburs-able as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administra-tion expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in title II of this Act for Water and Related Re-sources, or provided by previous or subse-quent appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2018, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that— (1) initiates or creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (5) transfers funds in excess of the fol-lowing limits, unless prior approval is re-ceived from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or ac-tivity for which less than $2,000,000 is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is re-ceived from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion, more than $5,000,000 to provide ade-quate funds for settled contractor claims, in-creased contractor earnings due to acceler-ated rates of operations, and real estate defi-ciency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall sub-mit reports on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. SEC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of dis-charge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the State of Cali-fornia of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of Cali-fornia as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and col-lected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repay-ment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or pro-viding for, drainage service or drainage stud-ies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reim-bursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. S
EC. 203. (a) Section 104(c) of the Reclama-tion States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2214(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) Section 301 of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2241) is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (2) striking ‘‘$90,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$120,000,000’’. S
EC. 204. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during the period from November 1 through April 30, water users may use their diversion structures for the purpose of re-charging the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer, when the Secretary, in consultation with the Advisory Committee and Water District 1 watermaster, determines there is water available in excess of that needed to satisfy existing Minidoka Project storage and hy-dropower rights and ensure operational flexi-bility. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $2,321,778,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $162,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1819 March 22, 2018 
ELECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  R
ELIABILITY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity de-livery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $248,329,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,205,056,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the au-thority of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defea-sible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facil-ity acquisition or expansion, and for con-ducting inquiries, technological investiga-tions and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $726,817,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $60,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. N
AVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $4,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, un-obligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facil-ity development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $252,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2018: Provided fur-ther, That such amounts shall remain avail-able until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve: Provided further, That section 158 of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Pub-lic Law 115–56), as amended by the Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (subdivision 3 of division B of Public Law 115–123), shall no longer apply. SPR PETROLEUM ACCOUNT  For the acquisition, transportation, and injection of petroleum products, and for other necessary expenses pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975, as amended (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241, 6239 note), and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114– 255), $8,400,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $6,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended. E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $125,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense en-vironmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $298,400,000, to remain available until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommis-sioning, remedial actions, and other activi-ties of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $840,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamina-tion and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $35,732,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambu-lance and one bus, $6,259,903,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $183,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. A
DVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — E
NERGY  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities author-ized by section 5012 of the America COM-PETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $353,314,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. TITLE 17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $33,000,000 is appropriated from fees collected in prior years pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 which are not otherwise appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That if the amount in the previous proviso is not available from such fees, an amount for such purposes is also appropriated from the general fund so as to result in a total amount appropriated for such purpose of no more than $23,000,000: Provided further, That fees collected pursuant to such section 1702(h) for fiscal year 2018 shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and shall not be available until appropriated: Provided further, That the Department of En-ergy shall not subordinate any loan obliga-tion to other financing in violation of sec-tion 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in viola-tion of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. A
DVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. T
RIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Trib-al Energy Loan Guarantee Program, $1,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Depart-ment of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $285,652,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, in-cluding the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $30,000, plus such addi-tional amounts as necessary to cover in-creases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provi-sions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided fur-ther, That moneys received by the Depart-ment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2018 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $189,652,000. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $49,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1820 March 22, 2018 
ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION W
EAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $10,642,138,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $105,600,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for de-fense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $2,048,219,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the unobligated balances from prior year ap-propriations available under this heading, $49,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided fur-ther, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
AVAL REACTORS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition (by purchase, condemnation, con-struction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,620,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which, $85,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Department of En-ergy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy’’, for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount, $47,651,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. F
EDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Sala-ries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $407,595,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, in-cluding official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $5,988,048,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $300,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classi-fied activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $840,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $284,653,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2018, no new direct loan obligations may be made. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancil-lary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,379,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,379,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation esti-mated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $51,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , S
OUTHWESTERN POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of trans-mission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representa-tion expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $30,288,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $18,888,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Admin-istration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to re-main available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,400,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $40,000,000 col-lected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expendi-tures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (ex-cluding purchase power and wheeling ex-penses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , WESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other re-lated activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $223,276,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $221,251,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Rec-lamation Fund: Provided, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and sec-tion 1 of the Interior Department Appropria-tion Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $129,904,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual ex-penses of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,372,000, of which $91,347,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $209,000,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclama-tion Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). F
ALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emer-gency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $4,176,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Oper-ating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the pro-visions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $3,948,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this ac-count as discretionary offsetting collections, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1821 March 22, 2018 
to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Adminis-tration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, an-nual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $872,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Fal-con and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided fur-ther, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commis-sioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion for the sole purpose of operating, main-taining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Com-missioner, and the power customers. F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $367,600,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $367,600,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for expenses nec-essary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to re-sult in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to ini-tiate or resume any program, project, or ac-tivity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (includ-ing Requests for Quotations, Requests for In-formation, and Funding Opportunity An-nouncements) for a program, project, or ac-tivity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discre-tionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract cov-ered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an allo-cation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appro-priated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief de-scription of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or ac-tivity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘De-partment of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Final Bill’’ column in the ‘‘Department of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed re-programming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a pro-gram, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this sec-tion that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or re-striction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall in-clude an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior ap-propriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropria-tion accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. SEC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activi-ties are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enact-ment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construc-tion of facilities classified as high-hazard nu-clear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision-2 or critical decision-3 under De-partment of Energy Order 413.3B, or any suc-cessive departmental guidance, for construc-tion projects where the total project cost ex-ceeds $100,000,000, until a separate inde-pendent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. S
EC. 305. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any prior Act under the head-ing ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new con-tracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such activity is in the na-tional security interests of the United States. This waiver authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. S
EC. 306. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .— The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional pe-troleum product reserve is explicitly re-quested in advance in an annual budget sub-mission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall include— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the re-serve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. S
EC. 307. The Secretary of Energy may not transfer more than $274,833,000 from the amounts made available under this title to the working capital fund established under section 653 of the Department of Energy Or-ganization Act (42 U.S.C. 7263): Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts to the working capital fund after the Secretary provides notification in ad-vance of any such transfer to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That any such no-tification shall identify the sources of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1822 March 22, 2018 
by program, project, or activity: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before adding or remov-ing any activities from the fund. S
EC. 308. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Department of Energy, in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a report that provides a detailed explanation, using specific receipts data and legal authorities, of how each of the Western Area Power Ad-ministration, the Southwestern Power Ad-ministration, and the Southeastern Power Administration are executing current re-ceipt authority provided in this and prior year appropriations Acts to create carryover of unobligated balances for purchase power and wheeling expenditures. S
EC. 309. (a) Funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D–143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrica-tion Facility, and any funds provided by prior Acts for such Project that remain un-obligated, may be made available only for construction and project support activities for such Project. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall not be subject to the requirements of subsection (a) if the Secretary waives the requirements of section 3121(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) in accordance with subsection (b) of such section. (c) If the Secretary waives the require-ments of section 3121(a) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Secretary— (1) shall concurrently submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the lifecycle cost estimate used to make the certification under section 3121(b) of such Act; and (2) may not use funds provided for the Project to eliminate such Project until the date that is 30 days after the submission of the lifecycle cost estimate required under paragraph (1). S
EC. 310. The unappropriated receipts cur-rently in the Uranium Supply and Enrich-ment Activities account shall be transferred to and merged with the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund and shall be available only to the ex-tent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. S
EC. 311. Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), upon a determination by the President in this fiscal year that a regional supply shortage of refined petroleum product of significant scope and duration exists, that a severe increase in the price of refined pe-troleum product will likely result from such shortage, and that a draw down and sale of refined petroleum product would assist di-rectly and significantly in reducing the ad-verse impact of such shortage, the Secretary of Energy may draw down and sell refined petroleum product from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petroleum Account established in section 167 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247), and such amounts shall be available for obligation, without fiscal year limitation, consistent with that section. TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Re-gional Development Act of 1965, and for ex-penses necessary for the Federal Co-Chair-man and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended. DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100– 456, section 1441, $31,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Re-gional Authority and to carry out its activi-ties, as authorized by the Delta Regional Au-thority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $25,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
ENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, con-struction, and acquisition of plant and cap-ital equipment as necessary and other ex-penses, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed commu-nities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed com-munities: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law regard-ing payment of a non-Federal share in con-nection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be avail-able for the payment of such a non-Federal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administra-tive expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code: Pro- vided further, That during fiscal year 2018, the duties and authority of the Federal Co-chairperson shall be assumed by the North-ern Border Regional Commission Program Director if the position of the Federal Co-chairperson and Alternate Federal Cochair-person is vacant. S
OUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to re-main available until expended. N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $909,137,000, including of-ficial representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other sup-port costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which, notwithstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further, That reve- nues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $779,768,032 in fiscal year 2018 shall be re-tained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory in-frastructure for advanced nuclear tech-nologies, and $16,200,000 shall be for inter-national activities, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be de-rived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $129,300,892: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to main-taining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering: Provided further, That $68,076.04 of unobligated balances from the funds transferred to the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission from the United States Agency for International Development pursuant to sec-tion 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 are rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,859,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,555,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2019, for necessary salaries and expenses in this ac-count, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,304,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $1,131,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as author-ized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Com-mission Procedures when responding to Con-gressional requests for information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1823 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Com-mission shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any pro-gram funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such re-quirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of any waiv-er under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or re-striction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to pro-grams, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion—Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be ex-pended as directed in the explanatory state-ment described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (d) None of the funds provided for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or ac-tivity for which funds are denied or re-stricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a month-ly report to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, which in-cludes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in title III of this Act may be trans-ferred to any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the re-port of the Committee on Appropriations ac-companying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fis-cal year, transfer authority referenced in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any author-ity whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year-to- date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. SEC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environ-mental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Populations). S
EC. 504. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION E—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Depart-mental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commer-cial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official business; execu-tive direction program activities; inter-national affairs and economic policy activi-ties; domestic finance and tax policy activi-ties, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasury-wide management poli-cies and programs activities, $201,751,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not to exceed $350,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate; and (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for— (A) the Treasury-wide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization requirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administra-tion of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical In-frastructure Protection and Compliance Pol-icy, including entering into cooperative agreements; (E) operations and maintenance of facili-ties; and (F) international operations. OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safe-guard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug king-pins, and other national security threats, $141,778,000: Provided, That of the amount ap-propriated under this heading: (1) up to $32,000,000 may be transferred to the Depart-mental Offices Salaries and Expenses appro-priation and shall be available for adminis-trative support to the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence; and (2) up to $5,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACCOUNT  For salaries and expenses for enhanced cy-bersecurity for systems operated by the De-partment of the Treasury, $24,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made avail-able to the Treasury offices and bureaus for cybersecurity: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer of the individual offices and bureaus shall submit a spend plan for each investment to the Treasury Chief Information Officer for approval: Provided further, That the submitted spend plan shall be reviewed and approved by the Treasury Chief Information Officer prior to the obliga-tion of funds under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amount made avail-able under this heading $1,000,000 shall be available for administrative expenses for the Treasury Chief Information Officer to pro-vide oversight of the investments made under this heading: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement and not sup-plant any other amounts made available to the Treasury Chief Information Officer. 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE SYSTEMS AND CAPITAL  
INVESTMENTS PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For development and acquisition of auto-matic data processing equipment, software, and services and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $4,426,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That these funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as necessary to satisfy the require-ments of the Department’s offices, bureaus, and other organizations: Provided further, That this transfer authority shall be in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘In-ternal Revenue Service, Operations Support’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Sys-tems Modernization’’. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for audits and inves-tigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1824 March 22, 2018 
of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustain-ability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses. 
TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX  
ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion; $169,634,000, of which $5,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall be avail-able for official travel expenses; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be available for un-foreseen emergencies of a confidential na-ture, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SPECIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE  
TROUBLED ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 343), $34,000,000. F
INANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of non-Federal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to ex-ceed $10,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $115,003,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. T
REASURY FORFEITURE FUND 
(RESCISSION)  Of the unobligated balances available under this heading, $702,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded not later than Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
(INCLUDING RETURN OF FUNDS)  In addition, of amounts in the Treasury Forfeiture Fund, $38,800,000 from funds paid to the United States Government by BNP Paribas S.A. as part of, or related to, a plea agreement dated June 27, 2014, entered into between the Department of Justice and BNP Paribas S.A., and subject to a consent order entered by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on May 1, 2015, in United States v. BNPP, No. 14 Cr. 460 (S.D.N.Y.), are hereby returned to the General Fund of the Treasury. B
UREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $338,280,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, is for in-formation systems modernization initia-tives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation ex-penses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for fi-nancial management of the Fund, as author-ized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE  B
UREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out sec-tion 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles, $111,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative research and development programs for lab-oratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accel-erating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for the costs associ-ated with enforcement of the trade practice provisions of the Federal Alcohol Adminis-tration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). U
NITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is pro-vided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs asso-ciated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new liabilities and obli-gations incurred during fiscal year 2018 under such section 5136 for circulating coin-age and protective service capital invest-ments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  I
NSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Devel-opment and Regulatory Improvements Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103– 325), including services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for EX–3, $250,000,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not less than $160,000,000, notwith-standing section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)) with regard to Small and/ or Emerging Community Development Fi-nancial Institutions Assistance awards, is available until September 30, 2019, for finan-cial assistance, technical assistance, train-ing, and outreach under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respectively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $2,680,000 may be used for the cost of direct loans, and of which up to $3,000,000, notwithstanding sub-section (d) of section 108 of Public Law 103– 325 (12 U.S.C. 4707 (d)), may be available to provide financial assistance, technical as-sistance, training, and outreach to commu-nity development financial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of di-rect loans not to exceed $25,000,000; (2) not less than $16,000,000, notwith-standing section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach programs designed to benefit Native Amer-ican, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lender or-ganizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lend-ing in Indian country, Native American or-ganizations, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (3) not less than $25,000,000 is available until September 30, 2019, for the Bank Enter-prise Award program; (4) not less than $22,000,000, notwith-standing subsections (d) and (e) of section 108 of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(d) and (e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for a Healthy Food Financing Initiative to pro-vide financial assistance, technical assist-ance, training, and outreach to community development financial institutions for the purpose of offering affordable financing and technical assistance to expand the avail-ability of healthy food options in distressed communities; (5) up to $27,000,000 is available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for administrative expenses, including administration of CDFI fund pro-grams and the New Markets Tax Credit Pro-gram, of which not less than $1,000,000 is for development of tools to better assess and in-form CDFI investment performance, and up to $300,000 is for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (6) during fiscal year 2018, none of the funds available under this heading are avail-able for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of com-mitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That such sec-tion 114A shall remain in effect until Decem-ber 31, 2018: Provided further, That of the funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Pro- vided further, That for the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty coun-ties’’ means any county that has had 20 per-cent or more of its population living in pov-erty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the 2011–2015 5-year data series available from the American Community Survey of the Cen-sus Bureau. I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayer serv-ices, including pre-filing assistance and edu-cation, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,506,554,000, of which not less than $9,890,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elder-ly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for low-income taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be available for a Com-munity Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance, of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for oper-ating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,500,000 shall be for identity theft casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforce-ment activities of the Internal Revenue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1825 March 22, 2018 
Service to determine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal investigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of in-ternal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to pro-vide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,860,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Inter-agency Crime and Drug Enforcement pro-gram. 
OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to support taxpayer serv-ices and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical security; headquarters and other IRS-wide administration activities; re-search and statistics of income; tele-communications; information technology de-velopment, enhancement, operations, main-tenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the oper-ations of the Internal Revenue Service Over-sight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be de-termined by the Commissioner; $3,634,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended for acquisition of equipment and construction, repair and ren-ovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for its major informa-tion technology investments, including the purpose and life-cycle stages of the invest-ments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the ex-pected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget justification for fiscal year 2019, a summary of cost and schedule performance informa-tion for its major information technology systems. 
BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service’s business systems mod-ernization program, $110,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisi-tions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Inter-nal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for major information technology invest-ments, including the purposes and life-cycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the In-ternal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be in-curred in the next quarter. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL  
REVENUE SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appro-priation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training pro-gram, which shall include the following top-ics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, cross-cultural relations, eth-ics, and the impartial application of tax law. S
EC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and pro-cedures that will safeguard the confiden-tiality of taxpayer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. S
EC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Serv-ice shall be available for improved facilities and increased staffing to provide sufficient and effective 1–800 help line service for tax-payers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improvements to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to taxpayer communications, particularly with regard to victims of tax-re-lated crimes. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available to the Internal Revenue Service by this Act may be used to make a video unless the Service-Wide Video Editorial Board deter-mines in advance that making the video is appropriate, taking into account the cost, topic, tone, and purpose of the video. S
EC. 106. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer mak-ing employment tax payments, and such no-tice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new address and an officer or em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offer-in-com-promise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guar-anteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Internal Rev-enue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. S
EC. 109. None of funds made available by this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be obligated or expended on con-ferences that do not adhere to the proce-dures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Of-fice, and Agency-Wide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report published on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/Self-Employed Division’s Con-ference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition pro-gram; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to re-hiring a former employee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax compliance of such employee or former employee. SEC. 111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to confidentiality and disclo-sure of returns and return information). S
EC. 112. Except to the extent provided in section 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, no funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or statement for use by such person to satisfy a filing or reporting requirement under such Code. S
EC. 113. In addition to the amounts other-wise made available in this Act for the Inter-nal Revenue Service, $320,000,000, to be avail-able until September 30, 2019, shall be trans-ferred by the Commissioner to the ‘‘Tax-payer Services’’, ‘‘Enforcement’’, or ‘‘Oper-ations Support’’ accounts of the Internal Revenue Service for an additional amount to be used solely for carrying out Public Law 115–97: Provided, That such funds shall not be available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT  
OF THE TREASURY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 114. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as au-thorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles oper-ated in foreign countries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general pur-chase price limitations for vehicles pur-chased and used overseas for the current fis-cal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their dependents serving in foreign coun-tries; and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 115. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices— Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, ‘‘Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Financial Crimes Enforcement Network’’, ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and To-bacco Tax and Trade Bureau’’ may be trans-ferred between such appropriations upon the advance approval of the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 per-cent. S
EC. 116. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration’s appropriation upon the ad-vance approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or decrease any such appro-priation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 117. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the De-partment of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engraving and Printing may be used to rede-sign the $1 Federal Reserve note. S
EC. 118. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service-Salaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Collection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and expenses account from debt col-lections received in the Debt Collection Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1826 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 119. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the House Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. S
EC. 120. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treasury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, indi-vidually or collectively, may be used to con-solidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate. S
EC. 121. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treas-ury’s intelligence or intelligence related ac-tivities are deemed to be specifically author-ized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. S
EC. 122. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for necessary official reception and representa-tion expenses. S
EC. 123. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the Presi-dent: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spend-ing from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Department-wide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall in-clude expenditures occurring in previous fis-cal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. S
EC. 124. Within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an itemized report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each of-fice by the Franchise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the services, a detailed expla-nation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role cus-tomers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. S
EC. 125. During fiscal year 2018— (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Depart-ment of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regulation, revenue ruling, or other guidance not limited to a particular tax-payer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is op-erated exclusively for the promotion of so-cial welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (includ-ing the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for pur-poses of determining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations cre-ated on, before, or after such date. SEC. 126. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Finan-cial Stability and the Office of Financial Re-search shall submit reports on their activi-ties to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the pre-vious quarter by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (2) the estimated obligations for the re-mainder of the fiscal year by object class, of-fice, and activity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quar-ter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equivalents within each office for the re-mainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, ob-jectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Fi-nancial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports re-quired under subsection (a). S
EC. 127. Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 402(c) of the Helping Families Save their Homes Act of 2009, in utilizing funds made available by paragraph (1) of section 402(c) of such Act, the Special Inspector Gen-eral for the Troubled Asset Relief Program shall prioritize the performance of audits or investigations of any program that is funded in whole or in part by funds appropriated under the Emergency Economic Stabiliza-tion Act of 2008, to the extent that such pri-ority is consistent with other aspects of the mission of the Special Inspector General. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT T
HEWHITE HOUSE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence ex-penses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as pro-vided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. E
XECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, $12,917,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Exec-utive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimbursable operating expenses of the Exec-utive Residence shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for re-imbursable operating expenses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Resi-dence to incur obligations and to receive off-setting collections, for such expenses: Pro- vided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reim-bursable political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the na-tional committee of the political party of the President to maintain on deposit $25,000, to be separately accounted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable polit-ical events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating expense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such ex-pense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Ex-ecutive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and penalty provisions applicable to an out-standing debt on a United States Govern-ment claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided fur-ther, That each such amount that is reim-bursed, and any accompanying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropria-tions, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a re-port setting forth the reimbursable oper-ating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reim-bursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reim-bursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been reimbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Executive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as polit-ical or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provision of this paragraph may be construed to exempt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. WHITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improve-ment of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required maintenance, resolution of safe-ty and health issues, and continued prevent-ative maintenance. C
OUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Economic Advisers in carrying out its func-tions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,187,000. N
ATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  S
ECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Se-curity Council and the Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1827 March 22, 2018 
Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $11,800,000. O
FFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-ministration, including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $12,800,000 shall remain available until expended for continued mod-ernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Management and Budget, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $101,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agri-cultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Com-mittees on Appropriations or their sub-committees: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Man-agement and Budget by this Act, no less than three full-time equivalent senior staff position shall be dedicated solely to the Of-fice of the Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Sec-retary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and require-ments relevant to the Civil Works water re-source planning process: Provided further, That the Office of Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engi-neers has reported: Provided further, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate author-izing and appropriating committees when the 60-day review is initiated: Provided fur-ther, That if water resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate author-izing and appropriating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. O
FFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy; for research ac-tivities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $18,400,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to ac-cept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, with-out fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS  
PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $280,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the des-ignated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds ob-ligated prior to fiscal year 2016 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming require-ments: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2017, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2017 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justifica-tion for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy per-formance measures of effectiveness: Provided further, That the Director shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2018 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enact-ment of this Act, and shall notify the Com-mittees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consulta-tion with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. 
OTHER FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities author-ized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $117,093,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $99,000,000 for the Drug-Free Commu-nities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for anti-doping activities; $2,343,000 for the United States membership dues to the World Anti-Doping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by sec-tion 1105 of Public Law 109–469; and $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for activities authorized by section 103 of Public Law 114–198: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. UNANTICIPATED NEEDS  For expenses necessary to enable the Presi-dent to meet unanticipated needs, in further-ance of the national interest, security, or de-fense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $798,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  R
EFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Fed-eral Government, $19,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. S
PECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the Presi-dent in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as pro-vided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,288,000. O
FFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, im-provement, and to the extent not otherwise provided for, heating and lighting, including electric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $302,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any department or agency for ex-penses of carrying out such activities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OF-
FICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO -
PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Council of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Office of Administration’’, ‘‘Spe-cial Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Offi-cial Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the Presi-dent may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 per-cent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided, That the amount of an appropriation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. S
EC. 202. Within 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the costs of implementing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111– 203). Such report shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1828 March 22, 2018 
(1) the estimated mandatory and discre-tionary obligations of funds through fiscal year 2019, by Federal agency and by fiscal year, including— (A) the estimated obligations by cost in-puts such as rent, information technology, contracts, and personnel; (B) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated obligations; and (C) the specific section of such Act that re-quires the obligation of funds; and (2) the estimated receipts through fiscal year 2019 from assessments, user fees, and other fees by the Federal agency making the collections, by fiscal year, including— (A) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated collections; and (B) the specific section of such Act that au-thorizes the collection of funds. S
EC. 203. (a) During fiscal year 2018, any Executive order or Presidential memo-randum issued or revoked by the President shall be accompanied by a written statement from the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, benefits, and revenues, of such order or memorandum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary impact of such order or memorandum on the Federal Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discre-tionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Fed-eral agency, for each year in the 5-fiscal year period beginning in fiscal year 2018; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Government as the result of such order or memorandum over the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2018. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2018 due to a national emergency, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by sub-section (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. (d) The requirement for cost estimates for Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Office of the President Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY S
UPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, ex-cluding care of the building and grounds, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $82,028,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and asso-ciate justices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Archi-tect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $16,153,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  F
EDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as au-thorized by law, $31,291,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  T
RADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $18,889,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. C
OURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND O
THER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise spe-cifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,099,061,000 (including the purchase of firearms and ammunition); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $8,230,000, to be ap-propriated from the Vaccine Injury Com-pensation Trust Fund. 
DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender or-ganizations; the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys ap-pointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of persons fur-nishing investigative, expert, and other serv-ices for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in accordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived rep-resentation by counsel; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protection of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the com-pensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with certain judicial civil for-feiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel expenses of guard-ians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and gen-eral administrative expenses, $1,078,713,000 to remain available until expended. 
FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as author-ized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commis-sioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $50,944,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. COURT SECURITY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, incident to the provision of protec-tive guard services for United States court-houses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, in-stallation, and maintenance of security sys-tems and equipment for United States court-houses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingress- egress control, inspection of mail and pack-ages, directed security patrols, perimeter se-curity, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $586,999,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Di-rector of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney Gen-eral. A
DMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES COURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administra-tive Office of the United States Courts as au-thorized by law, including travel as author-ized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $90,423,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is authorized for official reception and representation ex-penses. F
EDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Ju-dicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $29,265,000; of which $1,800,000 shall re-main available through September 30, 2019, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. U
NITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,699,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. Appropriations and authoriza-tions made in this title which are available for salaries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Defender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commis-sioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. S
EC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the salaries and expenses appro-priation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1829 March 22, 2018 
Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and represen-tation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such avail-able funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Secretary of the Judicial Conference. S
EC. 304. Section 3315(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it ap-pears. S
EC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Di-rector may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the security services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For building-specific security services at these courthouses, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Marshals Service rather than the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. S
EC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Improvements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101– 650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the matter following paragraph 12— (1) in the second sentence (relating to the District of Kansas), by striking ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘27 years and 6 months’’; and (2) in the sixth sentence (relating to the District of Hawaii), by striking ‘‘21 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (relating to the eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century De-partment of Justice Appropriations Author-ization Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— (1) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘16 years’’; (2) in the second sentence (relating to the central District of California), by striking ‘‘14 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years and 6 months’’; and (3) in the third sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by strik-ing ‘‘13 years’’ and inserting ‘‘14 years’’. S
EC. 307. (a) Section 1871(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$40’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made in subsection (a) shall take effect 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA F
EDERAL FUNDS  
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR RESIDENT TUITION  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be ad-ministered by the Mayor, for District of Co-lumbia resident tuition support, $40,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest ac-crued thereon, may be used on behalf of eli-gible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference be-tween in-State and out-of-State tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s aca-demic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further, That the Dis-trict of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropria-tions, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the pur-poses of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expendi-tures made and the purpose therefor. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR EMERGENCY PLANNING  
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO -
LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary ex-penses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $13,000,000, to re-main available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protec-tive duties under the direction of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to im-mediate and specific terrorist threats or at-tacks in the District of Columbia or sur-rounding jurisdictions. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $265,400,000 to be allo-cated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $121,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official re-ception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $71,500,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation ex-penses; and $58,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for capital improve-ments for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds made avail-able for capital improvements shall be ex-pended consistent with the District of Co-lumbia Courts master plan study and facili-ties condition assessment: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and obligated and ex-pended in the same manner as funds appro-priated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That 30 days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $6,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and en-tities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judi-cial Administration in the District of Colum-bia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR DEFENDER SERVICES IN  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in pro-ceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to pro-vide guardian ad litem representation, train-ing, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (re-lating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Pro-ceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated funds provided in this account may be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts,’’ to be available for the same period and purposes as funds made available under that heading for capital im-provements to District of Columbia court-house facilities: Provided, That funds pro-vided under this heading shall be adminis-tered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE COURT SERVICES  
AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as au-thorized by the National Capital Revitaliza-tion and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, $244,298,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representa-tion expenses related to Community Super-vision and Pretrial Services Agency pro-grams, of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the imple-mentation of the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency Interstate Super-vision Act of 2002; of which $180,840,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Su-pervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons; and of which $63,458,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and ex-penses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for defendants to successfully complete their terms of supervision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1830 March 22, 2018 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Serv-ice, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Im-provement Act of 1997, $41,829,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and obligated and ex-pended in the same manner as funds appro-priated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, to the Commis-sion on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school im-provement program in the District of Colum-bia, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the extent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities included in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided further, That within funds provided for opportunity schol-arships $3,200,000 shall be for the activities specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) and 3009 of the Act. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major Gen-eral David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Colum-bia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR TESTING AND  
TREATMENT OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS  Local funds are appropriated for the Dis-trict of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘
PART A —SUMMARY OF EXPENSES ’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as in-cluded in D.C. Bill 22–242, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for operating ex-penses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2018 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in D.C. Bill 22–242, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appro-priated may be increased by proceeds of one- time transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such in-creases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the Dis-trict of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the Dis-trict of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Fi-nancial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2018, except that the Chief Finan-cial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA WATER AND SEWER AUTHORITY  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, $14,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to continue implementation of the Combined Sewer Overflow Long-Term Plan: Provided, That the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority provides a 100 percent match for this payment. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
DMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States, author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses. C
ONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for in-dividuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize non-Federal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $8,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $126,000,000, of which $1,100,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out the program, includ-ing administrative costs, required by section 1405 of the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act (Public Law 110–140; 15 U.S.C. 8004). 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —CONSUMER  
PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  S
EC. 501. During fiscal year 2018, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational Off-Highway Vehi-cles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in consultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the De-partment of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral stability and vehicle handling requirements proposed by such standard for purposes of re-ducing the risk of Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the off-road environ-ment, including the repeatability and repro-ducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed require-ments were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a point-of-sale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed requirements were adopted; and (2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is deliv-ered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $10,100,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be transferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for election re-form activities authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. 
ELECTION REFORM PROGRAM  Notwithstanding section 104(c)(2)(B) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20904(c)(2)(B)), $380,000,000 is provided to the Election Assistance Commission for nec-essary expenses to make payments to States for activities to improve the administration of elections for Federal office, including to enhance election technology and make elec-tion security improvements, as authorized by sections 101, 103, and 104 of such Act: Pro- vided, That each reference to the ‘‘Adminis-trator of General Services’’ or the ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ in sections 101 and 103 shall be deemed to refer to the ‘‘Election Assistance Commission’’: Provided further, That each reference to ‘‘$5,000,000’’ in section 103 shall be deemed to refer to ‘‘$3,000,000’’ and each reference to ‘‘$1,000,000’’ in section 103 shall be deemed to refer to ‘‘$600,000’’: Provided fur-ther, That not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Election Assistance Commission shall make the pay-ments to states under this heading: Provided further, That not later than two years after receiving a payment under this heading, a state shall make available funds for such ac-tivities in an amount equal to 5 percent of the total amount of the payment made to the State under this heading. F
EDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Communications Commission, as authorized by law, including uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $322,035,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $322,035,000 of offset-ting collections shall be assessed and col-lected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be re-tained and used for necessary expenses and shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated shall be reduced as such offsetting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1831 March 22, 2018 
collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided fur-ther, That any offsetting collections received in excess of $322,035,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That remaining offsetting collec-tions from prior years collected in excess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming available on October 1, 2017, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obli-gation shall not exceed $111,150,000 for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, not less than $11,020,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  S
EC. 510. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for universal service support payments to implement the February 27, 2004 recommendations of the Federal-State Joint Board on Universal Service regarding single connection or pri-mary line restrictions on universal service support payments. S
EC. 511. Section 6403 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1452) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) R
ESERVE SOURCE FOR PAYMENT OF RE-
LOCATION COSTS.— ‘‘(1) F
UNDING .—There are hereby author-ized to be appropriated, and appropriated, to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund estab-lished by subsection (d), out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2018, $600,000,000, to re-main available, notwithstanding subsection (d)(4), until not later than July 3, 2023, pursu-ant to this subsection; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2019, $400,000,000, to re-main available, notwithstanding subsection (d)(4), until not later than July 3, 2023, pursu-ant to this subsection. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Commission makes the certification described in subpara-graph (B), amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) shall be available to the Commission to make— ‘‘(i) reimbursements pursuant to sub-section (b)(4)(A)(i) or (b)(4)(A)(ii), including not more than $350,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by paragraph (1)(A); ‘‘(ii) payments required by subsection (k), including not more than $150,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by para-graph (1)(A); ‘‘(iii) payments required by subsection (l), including not more than $50,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by para-graph (1)(A); and ‘‘(iv) payments solely for the purposes of consumer education relating to the reorga-nization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b), including $50,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-scribed in this subparagraph is a certifi-cation from the Commission to the Sec-retary of the Treasury that the funds avail-able prior to the date of enactment of this subsection in the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund are likely to be insufficient to reim-burse reasonably incurred costs described in subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) or (b)(4)(A)(ii). ‘‘(C) AVAILABILITY FOR PAYMENTS AFTER  
APRIL 13 , 2020.— ‘‘(i) F
OR PAYMENTS TO BROADCAST TELE -
VISION LICENSEES AND MVPDS .—Notwith- standing subsection (b)(4)(D), the Commis-sion may make payments pursuant to sub-section (b)(4)(A)(i) or (b)(4)(A)(ii) from amounts made available to the TV Broad-caster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) after April 13, 2020, if, before making any such payments after such date, the Commis-sion submits to Congress a certification that such payments are necessary to reimburse reasonably incurred costs described in such subsection. ‘‘(ii) F
OR PAYMENTS TO TELEVISION TRANS -
LATOR STATIONS AND LOW POWER TELEVISION  
STATIONS .—Amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by para-graph (1) shall not be available to the Com-mission to make payments required by sub-section (k) after April 13, 2020, unless, before making any such payments after such date, the Commission submits to Congress a cer-tification that such payments are necessary to reimburse costs reasonably incurred by a television translator station or low power television station (as such terms are defined in subsection (k)) on or after January 1, 2017, in order for such station to relocate its tele-vision service from one channel to another channel or otherwise modify its facility as a result of the reorganization of broadcast tel-evision spectrum under subsection (b). ‘‘(iii) F
OR PAYMENTS TO FM BROADCAST STA -
TIONS .—Amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) shall not be available to the Commission to make payments required by subsection (l) after April 13, 2020, unless, before making any such payments after such date, the Com-mission submits to Congress a certification that such payments are necessary to reim-burse costs reasonably incurred by an FM broadcast station (as defined in subsection (l)) for facilities necessary for such station to reasonably minimize disruption of service as a result of the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) U
NUSED FUNDS RESCINDED AND DEPOS -
ITED INTO THE GENERAL FUND OF THE TREAS -
URY.— ‘‘(A) R
ESCISSION AND DEPOSIT .—If any unob-ligated amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) remain in the Fund after the date de-scribed in subparagraph (B), such amounts shall be rescinded and deposited into the general fund of the Treasury, where such amounts shall be dedicated for the sole pur-pose of deficit reduction. ‘‘(B) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—The date described in this subparagraph is the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the date of a certification by the Com-mission under subparagraph (C) that all re-imbursements pursuant to subsections (b)(4)(A)(i) and (b)(4)(A)(ii) have been made and that all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (k) and (l) have been made; or ‘‘(ii) July 3, 2023. ‘‘(C) C
ERTIFICATION .—If all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (b)(4)(A)(i) and (b)(4)(A)(ii) and all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (k) and (l) have been made be-fore July 3, 2023, the Commission shall sub-mit to the Secretary of the Treasury a cer-tification that all such reimbursements have been made. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The amount of auction proceeds that the salaries and ex-penses account of the Commission is re-quired to retain under section 309(j)(8)(B) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B)), including from the proceeds of the forward auction under this section, shall be sufficient to cover the administrative costs incurred by the Commission in making any reimbursements out of the TV Broad-caster Relocation Fund from amounts made available to that Fund by paragraph (1). ‘‘(k) PAYMENT OF RELOCATION COSTS OF  T
ELEVISION TRANSLATOR STATIONS AND LOW P
OWER TELEVISION STATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—From amounts made available under subsection (j)(2), the Commission shall reimburse costs reason-ably incurred by a television translator sta-tion or low power television station on or after January 1, 2017, in order for such sta-tion to relocate its television service from one channel to another channel or otherwise modify its facility as a result of the reorga-nization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). Only stations that are eligible to file and do file an application in the Commission’s Special Displacement Win-dow are eligible to seek reimbursement under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Commission may not make reimbursements under paragraph (1) for lost revenues. ‘‘(3) D
UPLICATIVE PAYMENTS PROHIBITED .— In the case of a low power television station that has been accorded primary status as a Class A television licensee under section 73.6001(a) of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions— ‘‘(A) if the licensee of such station has re-ceived reimbursement with respect to such station under subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) (includ-ing from amounts made available under sub-section (j)(2)(A)(i)), or from any other source, such station may not receive reimbursement under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) if such station has received reim-bursement under paragraph (1), the licensee of such station may not receive reimburse-ment with respect to such station under sub-section (b)(4)(A)(i). ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—The Commis-sion may not make reimbursement under paragraph (1) for costs incurred to resolve mutually exclusive applications, including costs incurred in any auction of available channels. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) L
OW POWER TELEVISION STATION .—The term ‘low power television station’ means a low power TV station (as defined in section 74.701 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions) that was licensed and transmitting for at least 9 of the 12 months prior to April 13, 2017. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the operation of analog and digital com-panion facilities may be combined. ‘‘(B) T
ELEVISION TRANSLATOR STATION .— The term ‘television translator station’ means a television broadcast translator sta-tion (as defined in section 74.701 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations) that was li-censed and transmitting for at least 9 of the 12 months prior to April 13, 2017. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the oper-ation of analog and digital companion facili-ties may be combined. ‘‘(l) P
AYMENT OF RELOCATION COSTS OF FM B
ROADCAST STATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts made available under subsection (j)(2), the Com-mission shall reimburse costs reasonably in-curred by an FM broadcast station for facili-ties necessary for such station to reasonably minimize disruption of service as a result of the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Commission may not make reimbursements under subpara-graph (A) for lost revenues. ‘‘(C) D
UPLICATIVE PAYMENTS PROHIBITED .— If an FM broadcast station has received a payment for interim facilities from the li-censee of a television broadcast station that was reimbursed for such payment under sub-section (b)(4)(A)(i) (including from amounts made available under subsection (j)(2)(A)(i)), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1832 March 22, 2018 
or from any other source, such FM broadcast station may not receive any reimbursements under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) F
M BROADCAST STATION DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘FM broadcast sta-tion’ has the meaning given such term in section 73.310 of title 47, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, and includes an FM translator, which has the meaning given the term ‘FM translator’ in section 74.1201 of such title. ‘‘(m) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Commission shall complete a rulemaking to implement subsections (k) and (l). ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS FOR INCLUSION .—The rule-making completed under paragraph (1) shall include the development of lists of reason-able eligible costs to be reimbursed by the Commission pursuant to subsections (k) and (l), and procedures for the submission and re-view of cost estimates and other materials related to those costs consistent with the regulations developed by the Commission pursuant to subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(n) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) Nothing in subsections (j) through (m) shall alter the final transition phase comple-tion date established by the Commission for full power and Class A television stations.’’. F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $39,136,000, to be derived from the Deposit In-surance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. F
EDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $71,250,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. F
EDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Federal Labor Relations Author-ity, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Num-bered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor ve-hicles, and including official reception and representation expenses (not to exceed $1,500) and rental of conference rooms in the Dis-trict of Columbia and elsewhere, $26,200,000: Provided, That public members of the Fed-eral Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of sub-sistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to non-Federal participants at labor-management relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of car-rying out these conferences. F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or al-lowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $306,317,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a person or persons for collection services in accordance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $126,000,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $16,000,000 in offsetting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and en-force the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promul-gated under the Telemarketing and Con-sumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this account, and be retained and used for nec-essary expenses in this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $164,317,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement sub-section (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
REAL PROPERTY ACTIVITIES  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND  
LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF REVENUE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related ac-tivities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; res-toration of leased premises; moving govern-mental agencies (including space adjust-ments and telecommunications relocation expenses) in connection with the assignment, allocation, and transfer of space; contractual services incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, approaches, and appurtenances; care and safeguarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; ac-quisition of buildings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of options to purchase build-ings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary plan-ning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (in-cluding equipment for such buildings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings acquired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $9,073,938,000, of which— (1) $692,069,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisition (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated design and construction services) as follows: (A) $132,979,000 shall be for the Alexandria Bay, New York, Land Port of Entry; (B) $121,848,000 shall be for the San Diego, California, Otay Mesa Land Port of Entry; (C) $137,242,000 shall be for the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States Courthouse, as requested by the Federal Judiciary; (D) $110,000,000 shall be for the Huntsville, Alabama, United States Courthouse, as re-quested by the Federal Judiciary; (E) $190,000,000 shall be for the Fort Lau-derdale, Florida, United States Courthouse, as requested by the Federal Judiciary: Provided, That each of the foregoing limits of costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that savings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if re-quired, unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; (2) $666,335,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, includ-ing associated design and construction serv-ices, of which— (A) $289,245,000 is for Major Repairs and Al-terations; (B) $312,090,000 is for Basic Repairs and Al-terations; and (C) $65,000,000 is for Special Emphasis Pro-grams, of which— (i) $25,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; (ii) $20,000,000 is for Judiciary Capital Secu-rity; and (iii) $20,000,000 is for Consolidation Activi-ties: Provided, That consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no con-solidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That pref-erence is given to consolidation projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for office space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation ac-tivities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including es-timated savings, has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount: Provided further, That addi- tional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance approval is ob-tained from the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Re-pairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security improvements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compli-ance with the reprogramming guidelines of the appropriate Committees of the House and Senate: Provided further, That the dif-ference between the funds appropriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alter-ations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alter-ations may be used to pay claims against the Government arising from any projects under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in pro-spectus projects; (3) $5,493,768,000 for rental of space to re-main available until expended; and (4) $2,221,766,000 for building operations to remain available until expended, of which $1,146,089,000 is for building services, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1833 March 22, 2018 
$1,075,677,000 is for salaries and expenses: Pro- vided, That not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available under this para-graph for building operations may be trans-ferred between and merged with such appro-priations upon notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, but no such ap-propriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided fur-ther, That section 521 of this title shall not apply with respect to funds made available under this heading for building operations: Provided further, That the total amount of funds made available from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for expenses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the develop-ment of a proposed prospectus: Provided fur-ther, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emer-gency repairs when advance approval is ob-tained from the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That amounts nec-essary to provide reimbursable special serv-ices to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to provide such reim-bursable fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control as may be appropriate to enable the United States Secret Service to perform its protec-tive functions pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such revenues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2018, exclud-ing reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Property Ac-tivities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as au-thorized in appropriations Acts. 
GENERAL ACTIVITIES  
GOVERNMENT -WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for Government-wide pol-icy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal prop-erty assets and certain administrative serv-ices; Government-wide policy support re-sponsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activi-ties; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $53,499,000. 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for Government-wide ac-tivities associated with utilization and dona-tion of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agency-wide policy direction, management, and communications; and serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $45,645,000, of which $24,357,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal; $21,288,000 is for the Office of the Adminis-trator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for of-ficial reception and representation expenses. 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for the activities associ-ated with the Civilian Board of Contract Ap-peals, $8,795,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives re-sulting in enhanced Office of Inspector Gen-eral effectiveness. ALLOWANCES AND OFFICE STAFF FOR FORMER  
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $4,754,000. 
FEDERAL CITIZEN SERVICES FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Products and Programs, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to con-duct activities electronically, through the development and implementation of innova-tive uses of information technology; $50,000,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided fur-ther, That the appropriations, revenues, re-imbursements, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000: Provided further, That appropriations, reve-nues, reimbursements, and collections accru-ing to this Fund during fiscal year 2018 in ex-cess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expendi-ture except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That any appropria-tions provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be trans-ferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the transfer authori-ties provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND  For the Technology Modernization Fund, $100,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for technology-related moderniza-tion activities. A
SSET PROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGEMENT  F
UND For carrying out the purposes of the Fed-eral Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $5,000,000, to be depos-ited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Man-agement Fund, to remain available until ex-pended. 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW IMPROVEMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Environ-mental Review Improvement Fund estab-lished pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4370m-8(d), $1,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL  
SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 520. Funds available to the General Services Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 521. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2018 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program re-quirements: Provided, That any proposed transfers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 522. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2019 request for United States Courthouse con-struction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judicial Con-ference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved Courthouse Project Priorities plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utiliza-tion study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or expanded. S
EC. 523. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usually provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assess-ment for space and services as determined by the General Services Administration in con-sideration of the Public Buildings Amend-ments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). S
EC. 524. From funds made available under the heading Federal Buildings Fund, Limita-tions on Availability of Revenue, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and acquisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 525. In any case in which the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pursuant to a pro-spectus transmitted to Congress by the Ad-ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Adminis-trator shall ensure that the delineated area of procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agreements, except that, if the Adminis-trator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the pro-spectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such com-mittees and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in the resolution. S
EC. 526. With respect to each project fund-ed under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Al-terations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Program’’, and with respect to E-Govern-ment projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Citizen Services Fund’’, the Admin-istrator of General Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 527. Section 16 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by inserting the following at the end of subparagraph (a)(1): ‘‘The Account shall be under the custody and control of the Chair-person of the Board and deposits in the Ac-count shall remain available until ex-pended.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (b)(1) and in-serting in lieu thereof the following: ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count to be known as the ‘Public Buildings Reform Board—Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund’ (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘Fund’). The Fund shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1834 March 22, 2018 
under the custody and control of the Admin-istrator of General Services and deposits in the Fund shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. H
ARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For payment to the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation Trust Fund, estab-lished by section 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. M
ERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where, hire of passenger motor vehicles, di-rect procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, and in ad-dition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for admin-istrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Systems Protection Board. M
ORRIS K. U DALL AND STEWART L. U DALL  F
OUNDATION  
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Trust Fund, pursuant to the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), $1,975,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which, notwithstanding sections 8 and 9 of such Act: (1) up to $50,000 shall be used to conduct financial audits pursuant to the Accountability of Tax Dollars Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–289); and (2) up to $1,000,000 shall be available to carry out the activities authorized by section 6(7) of Public Law 102– 259 and section 817(a) of Public Law 106–568 (20 U.S.C. 5604(7)): Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation, con-sistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
ENVIRONMENTAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION FUND  For payment to the Environmental Dis-pute Resolution Fund to carry out activities authorized in the Environmental Policy and Conflict Resolution Act of 1998, $3,366,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of docu-ments, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records ar-chives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $384,911,000, of which $7,500,000 shall remain available until expended for the repair, alter-ation, and improvement of an additional leased facility to provide adequate storage for holdings of the House of Representatives and the Senate. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,801,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improve-ment of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL HISTORICAL PUBLICATIONS AND  
RECORDS COMMISSION  
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT REVOLVING LOAN  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolv-ing Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for tech-nical assistance to low-income designated credit unions. O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Government Ethics pur-suant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $16,439,000. O
FFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Re-form Act of 1978, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examina-tions performed for veterans by private phy-sicians on a fee basis; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where; hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; advances for reim-bursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for ex-penses incurred under Executive Order No. 10422 of January 9, 1953, as amended; and pay-ment of per diem and/or subsistence allow-ances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $129,341,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $21,000,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, for information technology infrastructure modernization and Trust Fund Federal Financial System migra-tion or modernization, and shall be in addi-tion to funds otherwise made available for such purposes upon submitting to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives the plan of expend-iture as required by the ‘‘Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2017’’: Provided further, That the amount made available by the pre-vious proviso may not be obligated until the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 90 days of enactment a plan for expenditure of such amount, pre-pared in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator of the United States Digital Service, and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, that— (1) identifies the full scope and cost of the IT systems remediation and stabilization project; (2) meets the capital planning and invest-ment control review requirements estab-lished by the Office of Management and Budget, including Circular A–11, part 7; (3) includes a Major IT Business Case under the requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget Exhibit 300; (4) complies with the acquisition rules, re-quirements, guidelines, and systems acquisi-tion management practices of the Govern-ment; (5) complies with all Office of Management and Budget, Department of Homeland Secu-rity and National Institute of Standards and Technology requirements related to securing the agency’s information system as de-scribed in 44 U.S.C. 3554; and (6) is reviewed and commented upon within 60 days of plan development by the Inspector General of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, and such comments are submitted to the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement before the date of such submission: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $584,000 may be made available for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Fed-eral Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruit-ment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and information technology in support of acquisition workforce effective-ness or for management solutions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $131,414,000 for administrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, in-cluding direct procurement of printed mate-rials, for the retirement and insurance pro-grams: Provided further, That the provisions of this appropriation shall not affect the au-thority to use applicable trust funds as pro-vided by sections 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Exam-ining Unit of OPM established pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like purpose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, established by Execu-tive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2018, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Pro- vided further, That such donations, including those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to pro-vide information about the White House Fel-lows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of em-ployees of such Commission. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1835 March 22, 2018 
$5,000,000, and in addition, not to exceed $25,000,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other over-sight of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, as determined by the Inspector Gen-eral: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Special Counsel pursu-ant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Pro-tection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistle-blower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for wit-nesses, rental of conference rooms in the Dis-trict of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $26,535,000. P
OSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regu-latory Commission in carrying out the provi-sions of the Postal Accountability and En-hancement Act (Public Law 109–435), $15,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as author-ized by section 603(a) of such Act. P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as author-ized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $8,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. P
UBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Public Buildings Reform Board in carrying out the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,652,000,000, to re-main available until expended; of which funding for information technology initia-tives shall be increased over the fiscal year 2017 level by not less than $45,000,000; of which not less than $14,748,358 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a per-manent secretariat for the International Or-ganization of Securities Commissions; and of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be avail-able for expenses for consultations and meet-ings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, members of their delegations and staffs to exchange views concerning securities mat-ters, such expenses to include necessary lo-gistic and administrative expenses and the expenses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attendance including: (1) inci-dental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) related lodging or subsistence; and of which not less than $68,950,000 shall be for the Division of Eco-nomic and Risk Analysis. In addition to the foregoing appropriation, for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s headquarters facilities, not to exceed $244,507,052, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That for purposes of calcu-lating the fee rate under section 31(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)) for fiscal year 2018, all amounts ap-propriated under this heading shall be deemed to be the regular appropriation to the Commission for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,652,000,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account and not to exceed $244,507,052 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for costs under this heading associ-ated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s headquarters fa-cilities: Provided further, That the total amount appropriated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That if any amount of the appropria-tion for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commis-sion’s headquarters facilities is subsequently de-obligated by the Commission, such amount that was derived from the general fund shall be returned to the general fund, and such amounts that were derived from fees or assessments collected for such pur-pose shall be paid to each national securities exchange and national securities associa-tion, respectively, in proportion to any fees or assessments paid by such national securi-ties exchange or national securities associa-tion under section 31 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) in fiscal year 2018. SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of at-tendance at meetings and of training for uni-formed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; $22,900,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the in-duction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. S
MALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the Small Business Administra-tion, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to ex-ceed $3,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $268,500,000, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Ad-ministrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and cer-tain loan program activities, including fees authorized by section 5(b) of the Small Busi-ness Act: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such activities shall be credited to this account, to remain available until ex-pended, for carrying out these purposes with-out further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Administration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may co-sponsor activities, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $3,000,000 shall be for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program under sec-tion 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d). ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs sup-porting entrepreneurial and small business development, $247,100,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That $130,000,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2018 or fiscal year 2019 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,000,000 shall be for marketing, manage-ment, and technical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by intermediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $18,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 22(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649(l)). 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-vocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $3,438,172, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018 commitments to guar-antee loans under section 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not ex-ceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That dur- ing fiscal year 2018 commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $29,000,000,000 for a combination of amor-tizing term loans and the aggregated max-imum line of credit provided by revolving loans: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of The Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 commitments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That during fiscal year 2018, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1836 March 22, 2018 
5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not ex-ceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $152,782,000, which may be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —SMALL BUSINESS  
ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION AND TRANSFER OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 530. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Adminis-tration in this Act may be transferred be-tween such appropriations, but no such ap-propriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. S
EC. 531. Of the unobligated balances avail-able for the Immediate Disaster Assistance Program authorized by section 42 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S. C. 657n) and the Expedited Disaster Assistance Loan Program authorized by section 12085 of Public Law 110–246, $2,600,000 are hereby permanently cancelled: Provided, That no amounts may be cancelled from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to the Concurrent Reso-lution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 532. Section 7(m)(4)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘25 percent’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘50 per-cent’’. U
NITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $58,118,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further, That 6-day deliv-ery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds made available to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support en-forcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $245,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as au-thorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Ac-countability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435). U
NITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $50,739,887, of which $500,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT SEC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 603. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under exist-ing Executive order issued pursuant to exist-ing law. S
EC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activ-ity or for paying the salary of any Govern-ment employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would pro-hibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). S
EC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chap-ter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 607. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activ-ity for which funds have been denied or re-stricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Representatives or the Senate for a different purpose; (5) augments existing pro-grams, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or ac-tivities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agen-cy or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a re-port to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall include: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, ad-justments due to enacted rescissions, if ap-propriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest: Provided further, That the amount appropriated or limited for sala-ries and expenses for an agency shall be re-duced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. SEC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expendi-ture of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. S
EC. 610. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used by the Execu-tive Office of the President to request— (1) any official background investigation report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treatment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under sec-tion 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background in-vestigation report, if such individual has given express written consent for such re-quest not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administration; or (2) if such request is required due to ex-traordinary circumstances involving na-tional security. S
EC. 611. The cost accounting standards promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with re-spect to a contract under the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 612. For the purpose of resolving liti-gation and implementing any settlement agreements regarding the nonforeign area cost-of-living allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated travel expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursu-ant to court approval. S
EC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal em-ployees health benefits program which pro-vides any benefits or coverage for abortions. S
EC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1837 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 615. In order to promote Government access to commercial information tech-nology, the restriction on purchasing non-domestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a com-mercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). S
EC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or em-ployee of any regulatory agency or commis-sion funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or com-mission accept, payment or reimbursement from a non-Federal entity for travel, subsist-ence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or employee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offering payment or reimbursement is a person or en-tity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or com-mission, unless the person or entity is an or-ganization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-empt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. S
EC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the inter-agency funding and sponsorship of a joint ad-visory committee to advise on emerging reg-ulatory issues. S
EC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency cov-ered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Ad-ministration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction con-tracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. S
EC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contribu-tions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Re-tired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance bene-fits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liabil-ity of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to exempt any amount appropriated by this section from any otherwise applica-ble limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. SEC. 620. In addition to amounts made available in prior fiscal years, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (Board) shall have authority to obligate funds for the scholarship program estab-lished by section 109(c)(2) of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204) in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000 of funds col-lected by the Board between January 1, 2017 and December 31, 2017, including accrued in-terest, as a result of the assessment of mone-tary penalties. Funds available for obliga-tion in fiscal year 2018 shall remain available until expended. S
EC. 621. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete the draft report en-titled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry Self- Regulatory Efforts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Chil-dren complies with Executive Order No. 13563. S
EC. 622. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses for the following positions: (1) Director, White House Office of Health Reform. (2) Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change. (3) Senior Advisor to the Secretary of the Treasury assigned to the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry and Senior Coun-selor for Manufacturing Policy. (4) White House Director of Urban Affairs. S
EC. 623. None of the funds in this Act may be used for the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management to award a contract, enter an extension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for back-ground investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the con-tract, are being conducted by that con-tractor. S
EC. 624. (a) The head of each executive branch agency funded by this Act shall en-sure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions regarding the budget planning process related to information technology. (b) Amounts appropriated for any execu-tive branch agency funded by this Act that are available for information technology shall be allocated within the agency, con-sistent with the provisions of appropriations Acts and budget guidelines and recommenda-tions from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, in such manner as specified by, or approved by, the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the agency in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the agen-cy and budget officials. S
EC. 625. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. S
EC. 626. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sec-tions 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. SEC. 627. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Com-mission for universal service high-cost sup-port for competitive eligible telecommuni-cations carriers in a way that is inconsistent with paragraph (e)(5) or (e)(6) of section 54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided, That this section shall not prohibit the Com-mission from considering, developing, or adopting other support mechanisms as an al-ternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. S
EC. 628. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials avail-able to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A de-partment or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with ac-cess to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each In-spector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure rel-evant to the information provided by the es-tablishment over which that Inspector Gen-eral has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. S
EC. 629. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication ac-tivities, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activity. S
EC. 630. Section 633(a) of title VI of divi-sion E of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1); (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). S
EC. 631. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, or order regarding the disclosure of political con-tributions, contributions to tax exempt orga-nizations, or dues paid to trade associations. S
EC. 632. (a) The United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Thad Cochran United States Court-house’’. (b) Any reference in a law, map, regula-tion, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States court-house referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Thad Coch-ran United States Courthouse’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1838 March 22, 2018 
TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT- WIDE D
EPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. No department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States receiving ap-propriated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2018 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled sub-stances (as defined in the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. S
EC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically pro-vided, the maximum amount allowable dur-ing the current fiscal year in accordance with subsection 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any pas-senger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, am-bulances, law enforcement vehicles, protec-tive vehicles, and undercover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police- type vehicles: Provided further, That the lim-its set forth in this section may not be ex-ceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hy-brid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of com-parable conventionally fueled vehicles: Pro- vided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on al-ternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plug-in hybrid electric, and hydro-gen fuel cell vehicles. S
EC. 703. Appropriations of the executive departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for ex-penses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made avail-able for quarters allowances and cost-of-liv-ing allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. S
EC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any officer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the majority of the stock of which is owned by the Government of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a cit-izen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a person who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes al-legiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affidavits shall be submitted prior to em-ployment and updated thereafter as nec-essary: Provided further, That any person making a false affidavit shall be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction, shall be fined no more than $4,000 or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both: Provided further, That the above penal clause shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provisions of existing law: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recoverable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or employee of the Govern-ment of the United States on the date of en-actment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employ-ment of translators, or to temporary em-ployment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emergencies: Provided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA Forest Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. SEC. 705. Appropriations available to any department or agency during the current fis-cal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of ren-ovation and alteration of buildings and fa-cilities which constitute public improve-ments performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. S
EC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds re-sulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and pre-vention, and recycling programs as described in Executive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), including any such programs adopted prior to the effective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implemen-tation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. S
EC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in ad-dition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. S
EC. 708. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Federal Executive Boards), commis-sions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and spe-cific statutory approval to receive financial support from more than one agency or in-strumentality. SEC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolu-tion duly adopted in accordance with the ap-plicable law of the United States. S
EC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Fed-eral Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, un-less advance notice of such furnishing or re-decoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the in-dividual, as well as any other space used pri-marily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. S
EC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as pro-vided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). S
EC. 712. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended by any department, agen-cy, or other instrumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual appointed to a position of a confidential or policy-determining char-acter that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of sub-part C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the applicable department, agency, or other in-strumentality employing such schedule C in-dividual certifies to the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the indi-vidual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the armed forces detailed to or from an ele-ment of the intelligence community (as that term is defined under section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). S
EC. 713. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Gov-ernment, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or em-ployee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such com-munication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, sta-tus, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in re-gard to any employment right, entitlement, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1839 March 22, 2018 
or benefit, or any term or condition of em-ployment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing ac-tions with respect to such other officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or sub-committee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). S
EC. 714. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executive-legisla-tive relationships, for publicity or propa-ganda purposes, and for the preparation, dis-tribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, book-let, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, ex-cept in presentation to the Congress itself. S
EC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization ex-cept when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pro-vide any non-public information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization out-side of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 718. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be used directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda pur-poses within the United States not here-tofore authorized by Congress. S
EC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as de-fined under section 102 of such title, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including a Presidential ap-pointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable proportion of such employee’s time in the performance of official duties. SEC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made avail-able for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Account-ing Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. S
EC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including re-bates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be adminis-tered by the Administrator of General Serv-ices to support Government-wide and other multi-agency financial, information tech-nology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, in-cluding improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate inter-agency and multi-agency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall manage-ment improvement initiatives, the Chief Fi-nancial Officers Council for financial man-agement initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for pro-curement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance im-provement initiatives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reim-bursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Govern-ment Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for Govern-ment-Wide innovations, initiatives, and ac-tivities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2018 shall re-main available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That such transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. S
EC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are otherwise authorized to be present at the location. S
EC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of specific projects, work-shops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Execu-tive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Tech-nology, and the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. S
EC. 724. Any request for proposals, solici-tation, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the distribution of Federal funds shall com-ply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to di-rect payments, formula funds, and grants re-ceived by a State receiving Federal funds. SEC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGEN-
CYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  U
SE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggre-gation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable informa-tion relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any ag-gregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable in-formation relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations estab-lished in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in ac-cordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is nec-essarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. (2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means exami-nations of the agency’s supervised institu-tions, including assessing safety and sound-ness, overall financial condition, manage-ment practices and policies and compliance with applicable standards as provided in law. S
EC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the car-rier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the indi-vidual refuses to prescribe or otherwise pro-vide for contraceptives because such activi-ties would be contrary to the individual’s re-ligious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to require coverage of abortion or abortion-related services. S
EC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and sup-ports the strict adherence to anti-doping in sport through testing, adjudication, edu-cation, and research as performed by nation-ally recognized oversight authorities. S
EC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agen-cies, if consistent with Office of Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1840 March 22, 2018 
and Budget Circular A–126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to partici-pate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. S
EC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this or any other ap-propriations Act may be used to implement or enforce restrictions or limitations on the Coast Guard Congressional Fellowship Pro-gram, or to implement the proposed regula-tions of the Office of Personnel Management to add sections 300.311 through 300.316 to part 300 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regula-tions, published in the Federal Register, vol-ume 68, number 174, on September 9, 2003 (re-lating to the detail of executive branch em-ployees to the legislative branch). S
EC. 730. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no executive branch agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to ex-isting locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement train-ing without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which can-not be accommodated in existing Center fa-cilities. S
EC. 731. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an ex-ecutive branch agency to produce any pre-packaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 732. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. S
EC. 733. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this or any other Act may be used for any Federal Government contract with any foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) W
AIVERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall re-port such issuance to Congress. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. S
EC. 734. During fiscal year 2018, for each employee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or (2) retires under any other provision of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an in-centive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Of-fice of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 735. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be used to recommend or require any entity submitting an offer for a Federal contract to disclose any of the following information as a condi-tion of submitting the offer: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribu-tion, expenditure, independent expenditure, or disbursement for an electioneering com-munication that is made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expecta-tion that the person will use the funds to make a payment described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘con-tribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent ex-penditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communica-tion’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.). S
EC. 736. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, includ-ing the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as de-fined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legisla-tive branch. S
EC. 737. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2018, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expi-ration of the limitation imposed by the com-parable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the appli-cable wage survey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2018, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage sched-ule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the re-mainder of fiscal year 2018, in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey ad-justment, the rate payable under subpara-graph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2018 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall aver-age percentage of the locality-based com-parability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2018 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such pay-ments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no em-ployee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that ex-ceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2017, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees sub-ject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2017, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be con-sistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2017. (6) For the purpose of administering any provision of law (including any rule or regu-lation that provides premium pay, retire-ment, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or con-tribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this sub-section shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-sidered to permit or require the payment to any employee covered by this subsection at a rate in excess of the rate that would be pay-able were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limita-tions imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are nec-essary to ensure the recruitment or reten-tion of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the ad-justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2018 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Pro- vided, That prevailing rate employees at lo-cations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in sec-tion 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this sub-section; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2017. S
EC. 738. (a) The Vice President may not receive a pay raise in calendar year 2018, not-withstanding the rate adjustment made under section 104 of title 3, United States Code, or any other provision of law. (b) An employee serving in an Executive Schedule position, or in a position for which the rate of pay is fixed by statute at an Ex-ecutive Schedule rate, may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2018, notwith-standing schedule adjustments made under section 5318 of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This sub-section applies only to employees who are holding a position under a political appoint-ment. (c) A chief of mission or ambassador at large may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2018, notwithstanding section 401 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) or any other provision of law, ex-cept as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). (d) Notwithstanding sections 5382 and 5383 of title 5, United States Code, a pay rate in-crease may not be received in calendar year 2018 (except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i)) by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1841 March 22, 2018 
(1) a noncareer appointee in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule; or (2) a limited term appointee or limited emergency appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service serving under a political ap-pointment and paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule. (e) Any employee paid a rate of basic pay (including any locality-based payments under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, or similar authority) at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule who serves under a political appointment may not re-ceive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2018, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This subsection does not apply to em-ployees in the General Schedule pay system or the Foreign Service pay system, or to em-ployees appointed under section 3161 of title 5, United States Code, or to employees in an-other pay system whose position would be classified at GS–15 or below if chapter 51 of title 5, United States Code, applied to them. (f) Nothing in subsections (b) through (e) shall prevent employees who do not serve under a political appointment from receiving pay increases as otherwise provided under applicable law. (g) A career appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service who receives a Presidential ap-pointment and who makes an election to re-tain Senior Executive Service basic pay enti-tlements under section 3392 of title 5, United States Code, is not subject to this section. (h) A member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice who receives a Presidential appointment to any position in the executive branch and who makes an election to retain Senior For-eign Service pay entitlements under section 302(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) is not subject to this sec-tion. (i) Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (e), an employee in a covered posi-tion may receive a pay rate increase upon an authorized movement to a different covered position with higher-level duties and a pre- established higher level or range of pay, ex-cept that any such increase must be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limita-tions in effect on December 31, 2013. (j) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for an individual who is newly appointed to a covered position during the period of time subject to this section, the initial pay rate shall be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limitations in effect on De-cember 31, 2013. (k) If an employee affected by subsections (b) through (e) is subject to a biweekly pay period that begins in calendar year 2018 but ends in calendar year 2019, the bar on the em-ployee’s receipt of pay rate increases shall apply through the end of that pay period. S
EC. 739. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commis-sion, or office funded by this or any other ap-propriations Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, com-mission, or office during fiscal year 2018 for which the cost to the United States Govern-ment was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audio-visual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the con-ference; and (4) a description of the contracting proce-dures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quar-ter, the head of any such department, agen-cy, board, commission, or office shall notify the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, of the date, location, and number of em-ployees attending a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2018 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropria-tions Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and pro-grammatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Manage-ment and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revi-sions to that memorandum. SEC. 740. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 741. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to im-plement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 20180 et seq.). S
EC. 742. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to begin or announce a study or public-private competition re-garding the conversion to contractor per-formance of any function performed by Fed-eral employees pursuant to Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–76 or any other administrative regulation, directive, or pol-icy. S
EC. 743. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an en-tity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or con-tractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Fed-eral department or agency authorized to re-ceive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classi-fied information. SEC. 744. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclosure policy, form, or agree-ment if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the following provisions: ‘‘These provisions are consistent with and do not su-persede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to Congress, (3) the re-porting to an Inspector General of a viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation, or mis-management, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and spe-cific danger to public health or safety, or (4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agree-ment and are controlling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intel-ligence or intelligence-related activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain pro-visions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, re-quire that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically author-ized to do so by the United States Govern-ment. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclo-sures to Congress, or to an authorized offi-cial of an executive agency or the Depart-ment of Justice, that are essential to report-ing a substantial violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may con-tinue to be implemented and enforced not-withstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or en-force any agreement entered into during fis-cal year 2014 which does not contain substan-tially similar language to that required in subsection (a). S
EC. 745. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been as-sessed, for which all judicial and administra-tive remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 746. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was con-victed of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determina-tion that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1842 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 747. (a) During fiscal year 2018, on the date on which a request is made for a trans-fer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. (b) Any notification required by this sec-tion shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. S
EC. 748. If, for fiscal year 2018, new budget authority provided in appropriations Acts exceeds the discretionary spending limit for any category set forth in section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 due to estimating dif-ferences with the Congressional Budget Of-fice, an adjustment to the discretionary spending limit in such category for fiscal year 2018 shall be made by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the amount of the excess but the total of all such adjustments shall not exceed 0.2 per-cent of the sum of the adjusted discretionary spending limits for all categories for that fis-cal year. S
EC. 749. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 801. There are appropriated from the applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settle-ments or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia govern-ment. S
EC. 802. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. S
EC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds pro-vided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District gov-ernment agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treas-ury of the United States derived by the col-lection of fees available to the agencies fund-ed by this Act, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or re-sponsibility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations spe-cifically denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsi-bility center for which funds have been de-nied or restricted; (5) re-establishes any program or project previously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) increases by 20 percent or more per-sonnel assigned to a specific program, project or responsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to approve and execute re-programming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2018. SEC. 804. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Rep-resentative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia Statehood Constitutional Con-vention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–123). S
EC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official ve-hicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the offi-cer’s or employee’s official duties. For pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘official du-ties’’ does not include travel between the of-ficer’s or employee’s residence and work-place, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropoli-tan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise des-ignated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an officer or employee of the District of Colum-bia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the Department of Corrections, an officer or em-ployee of the District of Columbia Depart-ment of Corrections who resides in the Dis-trict of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Examiner, an officer or employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Medical Examiner who re-sides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the Dis-trict of Columbia. S
EC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used by the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District govern-ment to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representa-tion in Congress for the District of Colum-bia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General from re-viewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such law-suits. S
EC. 807. None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to distribute any needle or syringe for the purpose of pre-venting the spread of blood borne pathogens in any location that has been determined by the local public health or local law enforce-ment authorities to be inappropriate for such distribution. S
EC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive cov-erage by health insurance plans, but it is the intent of Congress that any legislation en-acted on such issue should include a ‘‘con-science clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. S
EC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to le-galize or otherwise reduce penalties associ-ated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. (b) No funds available for obligation or ex-penditure by the District of Columbia gov-ernment under any authority may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. SEC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority shall be ex-pended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the preg-nancy is the result of an act of rape or in-cest. S
EC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2018 that is in the total amount of the approved appropriation and that realigns all budgeted data for per-sonal services and other-than-personal serv-ices, respectively, with anticipated actual expenditures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unantici-pated changes in program requirements. S
EC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Columbia Public Schools that aligns schools budgets to actual enroll-ment. The revised appropriated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Co-lumbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42). S
EC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once trans-ferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to reprogram or transfer for oper-ating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or repro-grammed, shall retain appropriation author-ity consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. S
EC. 814. None of the Federal funds appro-priated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appro-priations, unless expressly so provided here-in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1843 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law or under this Act, not to ex-ceed 50 percent of unobligated balances re-maining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes author-ized: Provided, That a request shall be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these re-quests shall be made in compliance with re-programming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. S
EC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2019, dur-ing a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Co-lumbia as of the beginning of the period dur-ing which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Co-lumbia pursuant to which a proposed budget is approved for fiscal year 2019 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2019 for purposes of section 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2019 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the reg-ular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2019. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and con-ditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expendi-tures incurred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2019 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2019 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such pe-riod; or (2) specifically provides that no appropria-tion shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to affect obligations of the govern-ment of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. S
EC. 817. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Finan-cial Services and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION F—DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, OPER-ATIONS, INTELLIGENCE, AND OVER-SIGHT OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  M
ANAGEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary and for executive management for operations and support, $139,602,000: Provided, That not to exceed $30,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Pro- vided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be with-held from obligation until the Secretary complies with section 107 of this Act. M
ANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for operations and support, $710,297,000, of which $227,516,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $29,569,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for research and development, $2,545,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. I
NTELLIGENCE , ANALYSIS , ANDOPERATIONS  C
OORDINATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-telligence and Analysis and the Office of Op-erations Coordination for operations and support, $245,905,000, of which $77,915,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses and not to exceed $2,000,000 is avail-able for facility needs associated with secure space at fusion centers, including improve-ments to buildings. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General for operations and support, $168,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direc-tion of the Inspector General. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. Hereafter, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Future Years Homeland Se-curity Program, as authorized by section 874 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454). S
EC. 102. Not later than 30 days after the last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staff-ing report that includes total obligations of the Department for that month and for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation. SEC. 103. (a) Notwithstanding section 518 of division F of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2018, to the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal years 2017 and 2018. (b) The Inspector General shall review the report required by subsection (a) to assess departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than February 15, 2019. S
EC. 104. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall require that all contracts of the Department of Homeland Security that pro-vide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition outcomes, which shall be speci-fied in terms of cost, schedule, and perform-ance. S
EC. 105. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9703(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code (as added by Public Law 102–393) from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That none of the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of the proposed transfers. S
EC. 106. All official costs associated with the use of Government aircraft by Depart-ment of Homeland Security personnel to sup-port official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Office of the Secretary. S
EC. 107. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, a report for fiscal year 2017 on visa overstay data by country as required by section 1376 of title 8, United States Code: Provided, That the report on visa overstay data shall also include— (1) overstays from all nonimmigrant visa categories under the immigration laws, de-lineated by each of the classes and sub-class-es of such categories; and (2) numbers as well as rates of overstays for each class and sub-class of such non-immigrant categories on a per-country basis. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall publish on the Department’s website the metrics developed to measure the effec-tiveness of security between the ports of entry, including the methodology and data supporting the resulting measures. TITLE II SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for operations and support, including the transportation of un-accompanied minor aliens; the provision of air and marine support to Federal, State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1844 March 22, 2018 
and local agencies in the enforcement or ad-ministration of laws enforced by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of such support to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law en-forcement and emergency humanitarian ef-forts; the purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) police-type vehi-cles; the purchase, maintenance, or oper-ation of marine vessels, aircraft, and un-manned aerial systems; and contracting with individuals for personal services abroad; $11,485,164,000; of which $3,274,000 shall be de-rived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3)) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1)); of which $681,441,500 shall be available until September 30, 2019; and of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Con-solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3)), shall be de-rived from that account: Provided, That not to exceed $34,425 shall be for official recep-tion and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $15,000,000 may be transferred to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for the maintenance and repair of roads on Native American reservations, as required by the Border Patrol: Provided further, That not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for pay-ment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, con-struction, and improvements, including pro-curements to buy marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems, $2,281,357,000, of which $846,343,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $1,435,014,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. U.S. I
MMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  E
NFORCEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement for oper-ations and support, including the purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; overseas vetted units; and maintenance, minor construction, and minor leasehold improvements at owned and leased facilities; $6,993,975,000; of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for efforts to enforce laws against forced child labor; of which $33,700,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be avail-able for investigation of intellectual prop-erty rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; of which not less than $9,000,000 shall be available for facilities re-pair and maintenance projects; of which not less than $84,000,000 shall be available for ve-hicle fleet recapitalization; and of which not less than $4,110,337,000 shall be for enforce-ment, detention, and removal operations, in-cluding transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Provided, That not to exceed $11,475 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be available until expended for conducting special oper-ations under section 3131 of the Customs En-forcement Act of 1986 (19 U.S.C. 2081): Pro- vided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to in-formants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not to ex-ceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlaw-fully present in the United States: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be with-held from obligation until the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives the report required under section 212 of this Act. PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement for procure-ment, construction, and improvements, $81,899,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020; of which not less than $29,000,000 shall be available for facilities re-pair and maintenance projects. T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Transpor-tation Security Administration for oper-ations and support, $7,207,851,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Pro- vided further, That security service fees au-thorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further, That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the gen-eral fund estimated at not more than $4,737,851,000. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Transpor-tation Security Administration for procure-ment, construction, and improvements, $167,314,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Transpor-tation Security Administration for research and development, $20,190,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; pur-chase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of not more than $700,000) and repairs and serv-ice-life replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase or lease of boats nec-essary for overseas deployments and activi-ties; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 (42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; $7,373,313,000; of which $503,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities, of which $163,000,000 is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President sub-sequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Con-gress; and of which $24,500,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That not to exceed $23,000 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further, That $25,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Directorates until a future-years capital investment plan for fiscal years 2019 through 2023 is sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives pursuant to section 220 of this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,397,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. 
RESERVE TRAINING  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard Reserve; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard Reserve Program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $114,875,000. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for acquisition, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities (including facilities at De-partment of Defense installations used by the Coast Guard), vessels, and aircraft, in-cluding equipment related thereto, $2,694,745,000; of which $20,000,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which $2,573,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2022, of which $95,000,000 shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for long lead time materials for the eleventh National Security Cutter notwithstanding the availability of funds for production or post-production costs. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evalua-tion; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment; $29,141,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That there may be credited to and used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authori-ties, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation. 
RETIRED PAY  For retired pay, including the payment of obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Pro-tection and Survivor Benefits Plans, pay-ment for career status bonuses, payment of continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, concurrent receipts, combat-related special compensation, and payments for medical care of retired per-sonnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,676,117,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for operations and sup-port, including purchase of not to exceed 652 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1845 March 22, 2018 
vehicles for police-type use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; pur-chase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government owner-ship or control, as may be necessary to per-form protective functions; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presen-tation of awards; conduct of behavioral re-search in support of protective intelligence and operations; payment in advance for com-mercial accommodations as may be nec-essary to perform protective functions; and payment, without regard to section 5702 of title 5, United States Code, of subsistence ex-penses of employees who are on protective missions, whether at or away from their duty stations; $1,915,794,000; of which $39,692,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investiga-tions of missing and exploited children; and of which $9,866,000 shall be for premium pay in excess of the annual equivalent of the lim-itation on the rate of pay contained in sec-tion 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, pursuant to section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as amended by the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2018: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assist-ance and equipment to foreign law enforce-ment organizations in counterfeit investiga-tions. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for procurement, con-struction, and improvements, $90,480,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for research and devel-opment, $250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 201. (a) For fiscal year 2018, the over-time limitation prescribed in section 5(c)(1) of the Act of February 13, 1911 (19 U.S.C. 267(c)(1)) shall be $45,000; and notwith-standing any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to compensate any employee of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for overtime, from whatever source, in an amount that exceeds such limitation, except in individual cases determined by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, to be necessary for national security purposes, to prevent excessive costs, or in cases of immigration emergencies. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act for the following accounts shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $45,000: (1) ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement—Operations and Support’’, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive such amount as necessary for national secu-rity purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies. (2) ‘‘United States Secret Service—Oper-ations and Support’’, except that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive such amount as necessary for national security purposes. S
EC. 202. Funding made available under the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion—Operations and Support’’ and ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procure-ment, Construction, and Improvements’’ shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain operations and pre-vent adverse personnel actions in Puerto Rico in addition to funding provided by 48 U.S.C. 740. SEC. 203. Hereafter, no U.S. Customs and Border Protection aircraft or other related equipment, with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identi-fied as excess to U.S. Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, de-partment, or office outside of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security without prior notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives. S
EC. 204. As authorized by section 601(b) of the United States-Colombia Trade Pro-motion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–42), fees collected from pas-sengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5)) shall be available until expended. S
EC. 205. For an additional amount for ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Oper-ations and Support’’, $31,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected and credited to this ap-propriation in fiscal year 2018 from amounts authorized to be collected by section 286(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(i)), section 10412 of the Farm Se-curity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8311), and section 817 of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–25), or other such author-izing language: Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such collections exceed $31,000,000, those amounts in excess of $31,000,000 shall be credited to this appropria-tion, to remain available until expended. S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescrip-tion drug (within the meaning of section 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Pro- vided, That this section shall apply only to individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Provided further, That the prescription drug may not be— (1) a controlled substance, as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or (2) a biological product, as defined in sec-tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). S
EC. 207. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to ap-prove a waiver of the navigation and vessel- inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, for the transpor-tation of crude oil distributed from and to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after con-sultation with the Secretaries of the Depart-ments of Energy and Transportation and rep-resentatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes adequate measures to ensure the use of United States flag ves-sels: Provided, That the Secretary shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursu-ant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to such transportation, and the disposition of such requests. SEC. 208. (a) Beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall not— (1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the North-ern border at a land port of entry; or (2) conduct any study relating to the impo-sition of a border crossing fee. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘border cross-ing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. S
EC. 209. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may reprogram with-in and transfer funds to ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ as necessary to ensure the deten-tion of aliens prioritized for removal. S
EC. 210. None of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ may be used to continue a delegation of law en-forcement authority authorized under sec-tion 287(g) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General de-termines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated. S
EC. 211. None of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ may be used to continue any contract for the pro-vision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations re-ceived by the contracted facility are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evalua-tion system. S
EC. 212. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that (a) identifies any instance during fiscal year 2017 or 2018 in which payments have been made by U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, or em-ployees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement have erroneously entered into financial obligations, for activities in viola-tion of subpart D of part 550 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; (b) includes specific actions the Office of the Chief Financial Offi-cer and the Office of the Principal Legal Ad-visor will take to improve agency-wide un-derstanding of such subpart D; and (c) in-cludes a certification by the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement that the Office of the Chief Financial Officer and the Office of the Principal Legal Advisor have developed a plan and implemented training necessary for strengthening inter-nal controls necessary to avoid violations of such subpart D. S
EC. 213. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for employees of U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement and their dependents eligible for Payments During Evacuation in accordance with title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, part 550, from Au-gust 23, 2017, through December 1, 2017, as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, the requirement of section 550.405(b)(2) of such title to reduce subsist-ence expenses to 60 percent of the applicable rate shall not apply. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security may authorize reimbursement for lodging, meals, and incidental expenses for such em-ployees and their dependents using the ac-tual expense method set forth in subpart D 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1846 March 22, 2018 
of part 301–11 of title 41, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, subject to the cap of 300 percent of the applicable maximum per diem rate, as provided in such section. S
EC. 214. Members of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys Gen-eral, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and bag-gage screening. S
EC. 215. Any award by the Transportation Security Administration to deploy explo-sives detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion result-ing in increased security concerns, high in-jury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost effectiveness. S
EC. 216. Notwithstanding section 44923 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018, any funds in the Aviation Security Cap-ital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explo-sives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the pur-pose of funding projects described in section 44923(a) of such title. S
EC. 217. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration to implement, admin-ister, or enforce, in abrogation of the respon-sibility described in section 44903(n)(1) of title 49, United States Code, any requirement that airport operators provide airport-fi-nanced staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which the Transportation Security Administration pro-vided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. S
EC. 218. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ shall be for ex-penses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to the appropriation made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’: Provided, That to the extent such fees are insufficient to pay expenses of rec-reational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of rec-reational vessel applications, personnel per-forming non-recreational vessel documenta-tion functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may per-form documentation under section 12114. S
EC. 219. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, after June 30, up to $10,000,000 may be reprogrammed to or from the Military Pay and Allowances funding category within ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ in ac-cordance with subsection (a) of section 503 of this Act. S
EC. 220. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a future-years capital in-vestment plan as described in the second pro-viso under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Acqui-sition, Construction, and Improvements’’ in the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4), which shall be subject to the requirements in the third and fourth provisos under such heading. SEC. 221. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to reduce the Coast Guard’s Oper-ations Systems Center mission or its govern-ment-employed or contract staff levels. S
EC. 222. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to conduct, or to imple-ment the results of, a competition under Of-fice of Management and Budget Circular A– 76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documenta-tion Center. S
EC. 223. Funds made available in this Act may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineer-ing units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics com-mands, and the Coast Guard Academy, ex-cept that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any civil engineering unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 224. Funds made available for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard— Operating Expenses’’ may be allocated by program, project, and activity, notwith-standing section 503 of this Act. S
EC. 225. Section 423 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) In addition to amounts computed pur-suant to subsections (a) through (c) of this section, a full TSP member (as defined in section 8440e(a) of title 5) of the Coast Guard is entitled to continuation pay pursuant to section 356 of title 37.’’. S
EC. 226. The United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipa-tion of reimbursements from Federal agen-cies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel re-ceiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources avail-able under the heading ‘‘United States Se-cret Service—Operations and Support’’ at the end of the fiscal year. S
EC. 227. None of the funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Sec-retary of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Director of the United States Secret Service may enter into agreements to pro-vide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis. S
EC. 228. For purposes of section 503(a)(3) of this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be repro-grammed within ‘‘United States Secret Serv-ice—Operations and Support’’. S
EC. 229. Funding made available in this Act for ‘‘United States Secret Service—Oper-ations and Support’’ is available for travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if the Director of the United States Secret Service or a designee notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 10 or more days in advance, or as early as prac-ticable, prior to such expenditures. S
EC. 230. (a) Of the amount made available in this Act under ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’, $1,571,000,000 shall be avail-able only as follows: (1) $251,000,000 for approximately 14 miles of secondary fencing, all of which provides for cross-barrier visual situational aware-ness, along the southwest border in the San Diego Sector; (2) $445,000,000 for 25 miles of primary pe-destrian levee fencing along the southwest border in the Rio Grande Valley Sector; (3) $196,000,000 for primary pedestrian fenc-ing along the southwest border in the Rio Grande Valley Sector; (4) $445,000,000 for replacement of existing primary pedestrian fencing along the south-west border; (5) $38,000,000 for border barrier planning and design; and (6) $196,000,000 for acquisition and deploy-ment of border security technology. (b) The amounts designated in subsection (a)(2) through (a)(4) shall only be available for operationally effective designs deployed as of the date of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2017, (Public Law 115–31), such as currently deployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (c) None of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be obligated for con-struction of a border barrier in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge. SEC. 231. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a risk-based plan for im-proving security along the borders of the United States, including the use of per-sonnel, fencing, other forms of tactical infra-structure, and technology, to include— (1) A statement of goals, objectives, activi-ties, and milestones for the plan. (2) A detailed implementation schedule for the plan with estimates for the planned obli-gation of funds for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 that are linked to the milestone-based delivery of specific— (A) capabilities and services; (B) mission benefits and outcomes; (C) program management capabilities; and (D) lifecycle cost estimates. (3) A description of the manner in which specific projects under the plan will enhance border security goals and objectives and ad-dress the highest priority border security needs. (4) An identification of the planned loca-tions, quantities, and types of resources, such as fencing, other physical barriers, or other tactical infrastructure and technology, under the plan. (5) A description of the methodology and analyses used to select specific resources for deployment to particular locations under the plan that includes— (A) analyses of alternatives, including comparative costs and benefits; (B) an assessment of effects on commu-nities and property owners near areas of in-frastructure deployment; and (C) a description of other factors critical to the decision-making process. (6) An identification of staffing require-ments under the plan, including full-time equivalents, contractors, and detailed per-sonnel, by activity. (7) A description of performance metrics for the plan for assessing and reporting on the contributions of border security capabili-ties realized from current and future invest-ments. (8) A description of the status of the ac-tions of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to address open recommendations by the Office of Inspector General and the Govern-ment Accountability Office relating to bor-der security, including plans, schedules, and associated milestones for fully addressing such recommendations. (9) A plan to consult State and local elect-ed officials on the eminent domain and con-struction process relating to physical bar-riers; (10) An analysis, following consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, of the environmental impacts, including on wildlife, of the construction and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1847 March 22, 2018 
placement of physical barriers planned along the Southwest border, including in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; and (11) Certifications by the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Management, that— (A) the plan has been reviewed and ap-proved in accordance with an acquisition re-view management process that complies with capital planning and investment con-trol and review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, in-cluding as provided in Circular A–11, part 7; and (B) all activities under the plan comply with Federal acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and practices. (b) The Secretary shall concurrently sub-mit the plan required in subsection (a) to the Comptroller General of the United States, who shall evaluate the plan and report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the strengths and weaknesses of such plan not later than 120 days after receiving such plan. TITLE III PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY N
ATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  D
IRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for op-erations and support, $1,482,165,000, of which $8,912,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  The revenues and collections of security fees credited to this account shall be avail-able until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for procurement, construction, and improve-ments, $414,111,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for re-search and development, $15,126,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019. O
FFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of Health Affairs for operations and support, $121,569,000, of which $14,020,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for oper-ations and support, $1,030,135,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for procure-ment, construction, and improvements, $85,276,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
FEDERAL ASSISTANCE  For activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $3,293,932,000, which shall be allocated as fol-lows: (1) $507,000,000 for the State Homeland Se-curity Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605), of which $85,000,000 shall be for Oper-ation Stonegarden, and $10,000,000 shall be for organizations (as described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under such 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack: Provided, That notwith-standing subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2018, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accordance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. (2) $630,000,000 for the Urban Area Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604), of which $50,000,000 shall be for organizations (as de-scribed under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack. (3) $100,000,000 for Public Transportation Security Assistance, Railroad Security As-sistance, and Over-the-Road Bus Security Assistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135, 1163, and 1182), of which $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $2,000,000 shall be for Over-the-Road Bus Security: Provided, That such public transportation security as-sistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. (4) $100,000,000 for Port Security Grants in accordance with section 70107 of title 46, United States Code. (5) $700,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $350,000,000 shall be for Assistance to Firefighter Grants and $350,000,000 shall be for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants under sections 33 and 34 respectively of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (6) $350,000,000 for emergency management performance grants under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701), section 762 of title 6, United States Code, and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (7) $249,200,000 for the National Predisaster Mitigation Fund under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), to re-main available until expended. (8) $262,531,000 for necessary expenses for Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis, in addition to and to supplement any other sums appropriated under the National Flood Insurance Fund, and such additional sums as may be provided by States or other political subdivisions for cost-shared mapping activi-ties under section 1360(f)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2)), to remain available until ex-pended. (9) $120,000,000 for the emergency food and shelter program under title III of the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed 3.5 per-cent shall be for total administrative costs. (10) $275,201,000 to sustain current oper-ations for training, exercises, technical as-sistance, and other programs. DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For necessary expenses in carrying out the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,900,720,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $7,366,000,000 shall be for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) and is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  For activities under the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020), $203,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, which shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)); of which $13,573,000 shall be available for mission support associ-ated with flood management; and of which $189,927,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided, That any additional fees collected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)) shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count, to be available for flood plain man-agement and flood mapping: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2018, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of— (1) $165,224,000 for operating expenses and salaries and expenses associated with flood insurance operations; (2) $1,123,000,000 for commissions and taxes of agents; (3) such sums as are necessary for interest on Treasury borrowings; and (4) $175,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended, for flood mitigation ac-tions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), notwith-standing sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c(e), 4017): Provided further, That the amounts collected under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Pro-tection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) and sec-tion 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), sec-tion 1366(e), and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8), 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided further, That total administrative costs shall not exceed 4 percent of the total appropria-tion: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Notwithstanding section 2008(a)(12) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(12)) or any other provi-sion of law, not more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available in para-graphs (1) through (4) under ‘‘Federal Emer-gency Management Agency—Federal Assist-ance’’, may be used by the grantee for ex-penses directly related to administration of the grant. S
EC. 302. Applications for grants under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1848 March 22, 2018 
Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for paragraphs (1) through (4), shall be made available to el-igible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announce-ment, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an applica-tion. S
EC. 303. Under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for grants under paragraphs (1) through (4), the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 full business days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award. S
EC. 304. Under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for grants under paragraphs (1) and (2), the installation of communications towers is not considered construction of a building or other physical facility. S
EC. 305. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, grants awarded to States along the Southwest Border of the United States under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Federal Assistance’’ for grants under para-graph (1) in this Act, or under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— State and Local Programs’’ in Public Law 114–4, division F of Public Law 113–76, or divi-sion D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by re-cipients or sub-recipients for costs, or reim-bursement of costs, related to providing hu-manitarian relief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were incurred between Janu-ary 1, 2014, and December 31, 2014, or during the award period of performance. S
EC. 306. The reporting requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Disaster Relief Fund’’ in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4) shall be applied in fiscal year 2018 with respect to budget year 2019 and current fiscal year 2018, respectively— (1) in paragraph (1) by substituting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ for ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘business’’ after ‘‘fifth’’. S
EC. 307. In making grants under the head-ing ‘‘Firefighter Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may grant waivers from the re-quirements in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a). S
EC. 308. The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2018, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security to be necessary for its Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program for the next fiscal year: Provided, That the methodology for as-sessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of pro-viding such services, including administra-tive costs of collecting such fees: Provided further, That such fees shall be deposited in a Radiological Emergency Preparedness Pro-gram account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized pur-poses on October 1, 2018, and remain avail-able until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for operations and support of the E-Verify Program, $108,856,000. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for procurement, construction, and improvements of the E- Verify Program, $22,657,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. F
EDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  C
ENTERS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for operations and support, including the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and serv-ices as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $254,000,000, of which $62,701,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for operations and support, including the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $331,113,000, of which $196,361,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for research and de-velopment, $509,830,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. D
OMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for operations and support, $54,664,000: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for procurement, construction, and improvements, $89,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for research and de-velopment, $145,661,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
FEDERAL ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for Federal assist-ance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $46,019,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds otherwise made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replace-ment only, for areas where the Adminis-trator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided, That the Direc-tor of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees’ residences and places of employment. SEC. 402. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immi-gration benefit unless the results of back-ground checks required by law to be com-pleted prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. S
EC. 403. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Im-migration Information Officers, Immigration Service Analysts, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. S
EC. 404. (a) Notwithstanding section 1356(n) of title 8, United States Code, of the funds deposited into the Immigration Exami-nations Fee Account, up to $10,000,000 may be allocated by U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services in fiscal year 2018 for the pur-pose of providing an Immigrant Integration grants program. (b) None of the funds made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integration under subsection (a) may be used to provide serv-ices to aliens who have not been lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence. S
EC. 405. The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to distribute funds to Federal law enforce-ment agencies for expenses incurred partici-pating in training accreditation. S
EC. 406. The Federal Law Enforcement Training Accreditation Board, including rep-resentatives from the Federal law enforce-ment community and non-Federal accredita-tion experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforce-ment training accreditation process to con-tinue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. S
EC. 407. (a) There is to be established a ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters—Procurement, Construction, and Im-provements’’ appropriations account for planning, operational development, engi-neering, and purchases prior to sustainment and for information technology-related pro-curement, construction, and improvements, including non-tangible assets of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. (b) The Director of the Federal Law En-forcement Training Centers may accept transfers to the account established by sub-section (a) from Government agencies re-questing the construction of special use fa-cilities, as authorized by the Economy Act (31 U.S.C. 1535(b)): Provided, That the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers maintain administrative control and ownership upon completion of such facilities. S
EC. 408. The functions of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers instructor staff shall be classified as inherently govern-mental for the purpose of the Federal Activi-ties Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1849 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 502. Subject to the requirements of section 503 of this Act, the unexpended bal-ances of prior appropriations provided for ac-tivities in this Act may be transferred to ap-propriation accounts for such activities es-tablished pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable estab-lished accounts, and thereafter may be ac-counted for as one fund for the same time pe-riod as originally enacted. S
EC. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the components in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expendi-ture in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees avail-able to the components funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or eliminates a program, project, or activity, or increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (2) contracts out any function or activity presently performed by Federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by Federal employees in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; (3) augments funding for existing pro-grams, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (4) reduces funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel, by 10 percent or more; or (5) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel that would result in a change in funding levels for programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance of such re-programming. (c) Up to 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Security by this Act or provided by previous appropria-tions Acts may be transferred between such appropriations if the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified at least 30 days in advance of such transfer, but no such ap-propriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfer. (d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), no funds shall be reprogrammed within or transferred between appropriations based upon an initial notification provided after June 30, except in extraordinary cir-cumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. (e) The notification thresholds and proce-dures set forth in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall apply to any use of deobligated bal-ances of funds provided in previous Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts. (f) Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appropriations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 5 days in advance of such transfer. S
EC. 504. Section 504 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31), related to the operations of a working capital fund, shall apply with respect to funds made avail-able in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. SEC. 505. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogram-ming notification, but not later than June 30, 2019, from appropriations for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ and for ‘‘Coast Guard—Oper-ating Expenses’’, and salaries and expenses for ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construc-tion, and Improvements’’ and ‘‘Coast Guard—Reserve Training’’ for fiscal year 2018 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2019, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropria-tions were provided: Provided, That prior to the obligation of such funds, a notification shall be submitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in accordance with section 503 of this Act. S
EC. 506. Funds made available by this Act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of an Act au-thorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 507. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives at least 3 full business days in advance of— (1) making or awarding a grant allocation, grant, contract, other transaction agree-ment, or task or delivery order on a Depart-ment of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent total-ing in excess of $1,000,000; (2) awarding a task or delivery order re-quiring an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year De-partment of Homeland Security funds; (3) making a sole-source grant award; or (4) announcing publicly the intention to make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), or (3), including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that compliance with this sec-tion would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. (c) A notification under this section— (1) may not involve funds that are not available for obligation; and (2) shall include the amount of the award; the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of con-tract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. S
EC. 508. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no agency shall purchase, con-struct, or lease any additional facilities, ex-cept within or contiguous to existing loca-tions, to be used for the purpose of con-ducting Federal law enforcement training without advance notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Centers facilities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, re-pair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. SEC. 510. Sections 520, 522, and 530 of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections ap-plied to funds made available in that Act. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy Amer-ican Act: Provided, That for purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). S
EC. 513. Section 519 of division F of Public Law 114–113, regarding a prohibition on fund-ing for any position designated as a Prin-cipal Federal Official, shall apply with re-spect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. S
EC. 514. None of the funds provided or oth-erwise made available in this Act shall be available to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 452) unless explicitly authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for planning, test-ing, piloting, or developing a national identi-fication card. S
EC. 516. Any official that is required by this Act to report or to certify to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not dele-gate such authority to perform that act un-less specifically authorized herein. S
EC. 517. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. S
EC. 518. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 519. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). S
EC. 520. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory per-formance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. S
EC. 521. Hereafter, in developing any proc-ess to screen aviation passengers and crews for transportation or national security pur-poses, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that all such processes take into consideration such passengers’ and crews’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1850 March 22, 2018 
privacy and civil liberties consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. S
EC. 522. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to enter into any Federal contract un-less such contract is entered into in accord-ance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be en-tered into without regard to the above ref-erenced statutes. S
EC. 523. (a) For an additional amount for financial systems modernization, $41,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. (b) Funds made available in subsection (a) for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. (c) No transfer described in subsection (b) shall occur until 15 days after the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. S
EC. 524. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 525. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a Federal law en-forcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. S
EC. 526. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international con-ference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives within at least 10 days of that deter-mination and the basis for that determina-tion: Provided, That for purposes of this sec-tion the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representa-tives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international orga-nizations, or nongovernmental organiza-tions: Provided further, That the total cost to the Department of Homeland Security of any such conference shall not exceed $500,000. S
EC. 527. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its partici-pation in a National Special Security Event. S
EC. 528. None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 full-time positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that in-cludes— (1) the number of full-time positions af-fected by such change; (2) funding required for such change for the current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; (3) justification for such change; and (4) an analysis of compensation alter-natives to such change that were considered by the Department. SEC. 529. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in this Act, upon the deter-mination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises homeland or national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for not less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. S
EC. 530. (a) Funding provided in this Act for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ and funding provided in this Act for ‘‘Coast Guard—Oper-ating Expenses’’ may be used for minor pro-curement, construction, and improvements. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), ‘‘minor’’ refers to end items with a unit cost of $250,000 or less for personal property, and $2,000,000 or less for real property. S
EC. 531. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 532. For fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security may provide, out of discretionary funds available to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, for the primary and secondary schooling of dependents of De-partment of Homeland Security personnel who are stationed outside the continental United States and for the transportation of such dependents in the same manner and to the same extent that, pursuant to section 544 of title 14, United States Code, the Secretary may provide, out of funds appropriated to or for the use of the Coast Guard, for the pri-mary and secondary schooling of, and the transportation of, dependents of Coast Guard personnel stationed outside the continental United States: Provided, That no amounts may be provided from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism or as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That no amounts may be provided from amounts that were designated by the Congress as being for dis-aster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 533. Within 60 days of any budget sub-mission for the Department of Homeland Se-curity for fiscal year 2019 that assumes reve-nues or proposes a reduction from the pre-vious year based on user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives specific reduc-tions in proposed discretionary budget au-thority commensurate with the revenues as-sumed in such proposals in the event that they are not enacted prior to October 1, 2018. S
EC. 534. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Federal Assistance’’, $41,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, exclu-sively for providing reimbursement of ex-traordinary law enforcement personnel costs for protection activities directly and demon-strably associated with any residence of the President that is designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Serv-ice. (b) Funds under subsection (a) shall be available only for costs that a State or local agency— (1) incurs on or after October 1, 2017, and before October 1, 2018; (2) can demonstrate to the Administrator as being— (A) in excess of the costs of normal and typical law enforcement operations; (B) directly attributable to the provision of protection described herein; and (C) associated with a non-governmental property designated or identified to be se-cured by the United States Secret Service pursuant to section 3 or section 4 of the Pres-idential Protection Assistance Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–524); and (3) certifies to the Administrator as being for protection activities requested by the Di-rector of the United States Secret Service. (c) For purposes of subsection (a), a des-ignation or identification of a property to be secured under subsection (b)(2)(C) made after incurring otherwise eligible costs shall apply retroactively to October 1, 2017. (d) The Administrator may establish writ-ten criteria consistent with subsections (a) and (b). (e) None of the funds provided shall be for hiring new or additional personnel. (f) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security shall audit reim-bursements made under this section. SEC. 535. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security may include in the President’s budget proposal for Coast Guard for fiscal year 2019, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, and accompanying justification materials, an ac-count structure established by section 563 of Division F of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). (b) Not earlier than October 1, 2018, the ac-counts designated under subsection (a) may be established, and the Secretary of Home-land Security may execute appropriations of the Department as provided pursuant to such subsection, including any continuing appro-priations made available for fiscal year 2019 before enactment of a regular appropriations Act. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer any appropriation made avail-able to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity by any appropriations Acts to the ac-counts created pursuant to subsection (b) to carry out the requirements of such sub-section, and shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 5 days of each transfer. (d)(1) Not later than November 1, 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall estab-lish the preliminary baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities and submit the report specified in paragraph (2) to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. (2) The report required in this subsection shall include— (A) a delineation of the amount and ac-count of each transfer made pursuant to sub-section (b) or (c); (B) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget proposal, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, adjustments made pur-suant to the transfer authority in subsection (b) or (c), and the fiscal year level; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1851 March 22, 2018 
(C) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation, adjusted as described in para-graph (2), both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (D) an identification of funds directed for a specific activity. (e) The Secretary shall not exercise the au-thority provided in subsections (b), (c), and (d) unless, not later than June 1, 2018, the Chief Financial Officer has submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives— (1) technical assistance on new legislative language in the account structure under sub-section (a); and (2) comparison tables of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 in the account structure under subsection (a). S
EC. 536. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this or previous appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to estab-lish accounts in the Treasury of the United States for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office or the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency until Con-gress has enacted a law that specifically au-thorizes such Office or Agency and such au-thorization identifies the functions that are authorized to be transferred to such Office or Agency. (b) Subject to the limitation in subsection (a), if Congress enacts a law on or after the date of enactment of this Act that specifi-cally authorizes the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office or the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency and such authorization identifies the functions that are authorized to be transferred to such Of-fice or Agency, the Secretary of Homeland Security may— (1) not earlier than October 1, 2018, estab-lish accounts in the Treasury of the United States necessary to carry out the functions of the Office or Agency as authorized; (2) execute appropriations of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security as provided in subparagraph (1), including any continuing appropriations made available for fiscal year 2019, before enactment of a regular appro-priations Act; and (3) transfer any funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by any appropriations Acts to the accounts cre-ated in subparagraph (1) for functions that are authorized to be transferred to such Of-fice or Agency and to be used for the purpose of executing authorization of such Office or Agency. (c) The authority provided in subsection (b)(3) shall only be available if the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives at least 15 days in advance of each such transfer. S
EC. 537. Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 281; 124 Stat. 2950), as amended, shall be ap-plied in subsection (b) by substituting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 538. (a) Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall be ap-plied— (1) In subsection (a), by substituting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018,’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017,’’; and (2) In subsection (c)(1), by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018,’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, under the authority of section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391(a)), may carry out prototype projects under section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, and the Secretary shall perform the functions of the Secretary of Defense as pre-scribed. (c) The Secretary of Homeland Security under section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391(d)) may use the defi-nition of nontraditional government con-tractor as defined in section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States Code. (RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 539. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security, the fol-lowing funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the spec-ified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent reso-lution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): (1) $44,557,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Transportation Security Ad-ministration—Operations and Support’’; (2) $1,785,697 from Public Law 108–334 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (3) $1,920,100 from Public Law 109–90 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (4) $1,791,454 from Public Law 109–295 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (5) $3,221,594 from Public Law 110–161 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (6) $3,680,885 from Public Law 111–83 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (7) $25,000,000 from Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisi-tion, Construction, and Improvements’’; (8) $2,000,000 from Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology—Re-search, Development, Acquisition, and Oper-ations’’; (9) $2,000,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology Direc-torate—Operations and Support’’ account 70 17/18 0800; (10) $6,000,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology Direc-torate—Research and Development’’; and (11) $4,307,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Intelligence, Analysis, and Op-erations Coordination—Operations and Sup-port’’. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 540. Of the funds transferred to the Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts and programs in the specified amounts: (1) $66,024 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ account 70x0613; (2) $2,400 from ‘‘Transportation Security Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’ ac-count 70x0508; and (3) $31,948 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’ account 70x0503. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 541. The following unobligated bal-ances made available to the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to section 505 of the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) are rescinded: (1) $2,941,804 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection—Operations and Support’’; (2) $24,337,865 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Oper-ating Expenses’’; (3) $260,584 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Reserve Training’’; (4) $308,974 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisi-tion, Construction, and Improvements’’; (5) $106,894 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency—Operations and Support’’; and (6) $23,938 from ‘‘Office of Health Affairs— Operations and Support’’. (RESCISSION)  S
EC. 542. From the unobligated balances available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by section 9703 of title 31, United States Code (added by sec-tion 638 of Public Law 102–393), $364,162,000 shall be permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2018. S
EC. 543. Notwithstanding section 5170c(b)(2)(B)(ii) of title 42, United States Code, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall allow flood protection systems constructed in 2016 on property acquired with hazard mitigation assistance provided under section 5170c of title 42, United States Code, in an inad-vertent violation of the terms and conditions of such assistance to remain in place on such property: Provided, That no new or addi-tional structure may be erected on the prop-erty unless the new or additional structure complies with section 5170c(b)(2)(B)(ii) of title 42, United States Code: Provided further, That this provision does not otherwise ex-cuse compliance with all other applicable laws including statutes, executive orders, regulations, and program and grant legal re-quirements pertaining to the floodwall struc-ture or the acquired property. S
EC. 544. Section 545 of title V of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, as added by section 20607 of title VI of sub-division 1 of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘S
EC. 545. (a) P REMIUM PAYAUTHORITY .— During calendar year 2017, any premium pay that is funded, either directly or through re-imbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ shall be exempted from the aggregate of basic pay and premium pay calculated under section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, and any other provision of law limiting the aggregate amount of premium pay payable on a biweekly or calendar year basis. ‘‘(b) O
VERTIME AUTHORITY .—During cal-endar year 2017, any overtime pay that is funded, either directly or through reimburse-ment, by the ‘Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ and that is payable under an authority outside of title 5, United States Code, shall be exempt-ed from any annual limit on the amount of overtime pay payable in a calendar or fiscal year. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA -
TION ON PAY.—In determining whether an employee’s aggregate pay exceeds the appli-cable annual rate of basic pay payable under section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the head of an Executive agency shall not in-clude pay exempted under this section. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION OF PAYAUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) Pay exempted from otherwise applica-ble limits under subsection (a) or (b) shall not cause the aggregate of basic pay and pre-mium pay for the applicable calendar year to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a po-sition at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, as in effect at the end of such calendar year. ‘‘(2) For purposes of applying this sub-section to an employee who would otherwise be subject to the premium pay limits estab-lished under section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, ‘premium pay’ means the pre-mium pay paid under the provisions of law cited in section 5547(a). ‘‘(3) For purposes of applying this sub-section to an employee under a premium pay limit established under an authority other than section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, the agency responsible for admin-istering such limit shall determine what payments are considered premium pay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1852 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(e) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2016. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL PAY.—If ap- plication of this section results in the pay-ment of additional premium pay to a covered employee of a type that is normally cred-itable as basic pay for retirement or any other purpose, that additional pay shall not— ‘‘(1) be considered to be basic pay of the covered employee for any purpose; or ‘‘(2) be used in computing a lump-sum pay-ment to the covered employee for accumu-lated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552 of title 5, United States Code.’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadas-tral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,183,043,000, to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from per-mit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), except that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau- related expenses associated with the proc-essing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, includ-ing the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts col-lected by the Bureau and credited to this ap-propriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby au-thorized for fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,183,043,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communica-tion site rental fees established by the Bu-reau for the cost of administering commu-nication site activities. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tions 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, including administrative expenses and acqui-sition of lands or waters, or interests there-in, $24,916,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adja-cent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing con-necting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $106,985,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and Cali-fornia land-grant fund and shall be trans-ferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2605). RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisi-tion of lands and interests therein, and im-provement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), not-withstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range im-provements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative ex-penses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application docu-ments and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construc-tion, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to sec-tion 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Sec-retary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource de-veloper, purchaser, permittee, or any unau-thorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. 
MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be con-tributed under section 307 of Public Law 94– 579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, sur-veys, appraisals, and costs of making con-veyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to re-main available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erec-tion, and dismantlement of temporary struc-tures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facili-ties to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities author-ized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the coopera-tors share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to pro-vide an identified amount of money in sup-port of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropria-tions herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their de-struction for processing into commercial products. UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as author-ized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,279,002,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $18,818,000 shall be used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)). 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisi-tion, or removal of buildings and other fa-cilities required in the conservation, man-agement, investigation, protection, and uti-lization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests there-in; $66,540,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chap-ter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, in-cluding administrative expenses, and for ac-quisition of land or waters, or interest there-in, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $63,839,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conservation partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to ex-ceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appro-priated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1853 March 22, 2018 
(16 U.S.C. 1535), $53,495,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $33,857,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $19,638,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION  
FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $40,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to re-main available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conserva-tion Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the devel-opment and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, in-cluding species that are not hunted or fished, $63,571,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of the amount pro-vided herein, $4,209,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appro-priation: Provided further, That $6,362,000 is for a competitive grant program to imple-ment approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $10,571,000 and adminis-trative expenses, apportion the amount pro-vided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent there-of; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one- fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the re-maining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Pro- vided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equi-tably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided fur-ther, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not ex-ceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Fed-eral share of such projects may not be de-rived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2018 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2019, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2020, in the manner provided herein. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reim-bursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reserva-tion areas caused by operations of the Serv-ice; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conserva-tion areas as are consistent with their pri-mary purpose; and the maintenance and im-provement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Serv-ice and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in con-nection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publica-tions for which the cooperators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without fur-ther appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the manage-ment, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administra-tion of the National Park Service, $2,477,969,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $134,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recre-ation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, inter-national park affairs, and grant administra-tion, not otherwise provided for, $63,638,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $96,910,000, to be derived from the His-toric Preservation Fund and to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, of which $13,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treas-ures grants for preservation of national sig-nificant sites, structures and artifacts as au-thorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an individual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by non-Federal funds: Provided further, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Sec-retary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the sur-vey and nomination of properties to the Na-tional Register of Historic Places and as Na-tional Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently under-represented, as determined by the Secretary, $13,000,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, $5,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and $5,000,000 is for competitive grants for the restoration of his-toric properties of national, State and local significance listed on or eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places, to be made without imposing the usage or di-rect grant restrictions of section 101(e)(3) (54 U.S.C. 302904) of the National Historical Preservation Act: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in sec-tion 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code, to States and Indian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and non-profit organizations. CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and com-pliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $359,704,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project ini-tially funded in fiscal year 2018 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5-Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall con-tain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That Na- tional Park Service Donations, Park Conces-sions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjust-ments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with cur-rent reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this sec-tion. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chap-ter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, in-cluding administrative expenses, and for ac-quisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory au-thority applicable to the National Park Service, $180,941,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $124,006,000 is for the State assistance pro-gram and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1854 March 22, 2018 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $23,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaran-teed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in sec-tion 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a sub-ac-count shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropria-tion, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liabil-ity for Possessory Interest or leasehold sur-render interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the bene-fitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extin-guish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single con-tract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to re-main available until expended. National Park Service funds may be trans-ferred to the Federal Highway Administra-tion (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform sur-veys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and posses-sions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engi-neering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission li-censees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting min-ing and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,148,457,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which $78,537,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for satellite operations; and of which $15,164,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital im-provement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds pro-vided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on pri-vate property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topographic mapping or water re-sources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisi-tion of lands for gauging stations, observa-tion wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of com-pensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and ad-ministration of interstate compacts: Pro- vided, That activities funded by appropria-tions herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or coop-erative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided fur-ther, That the United States Geological Sur-vey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indi-rectly with institutions or nonprofit organi-zations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal em-ployees for any other purposes. B
UREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for en-vironmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the ex-tent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or coop-erative agreements, $171,000,000, of which $114,166,000 is to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, and of which $56,834,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from addi-tions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous ad-ministrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $114,166,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activi-ties. B
UREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  E
NFORCEMENT  
OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine- related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as au-thorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $136,411,000, of which $108,540,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which $27,871,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities con-ducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including stud-ies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $108,540,000. For an additional amount, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspec-tion fees collected in fiscal year 2018, as pro-vided in this Act: Provided, That to the ex-tent that amounts realized from such inspec-tion fees exceed $50,000,000, the amounts real-ized in excess of $50,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fis-cal year 2018, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-re-lated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environ-mental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), in-cluding the review of applications for per-mits to drill. OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until ex-pended. O
FFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  E
NFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $115,804,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That appropria-tions for the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Sur-face Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, admin-ister, and enforce permits issued by the Of-fice pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95– 87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That fees as-sessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $115,804,000. 
ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1855 March 22, 2018 
$24,672,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the De-partment of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the de-linquent debt owed to the United States Gov-ernment to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non-Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of envi-ronmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the pur-poses and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided fur-ther, That amounts provided under this head-ing may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel at-tending Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $115,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for grants to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes for rec-lamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the prior-ities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Provided further, That of such additional amount, $75,000,000 shall be dis-tributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appa-lachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such sec-tion, $30,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the subsequent greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet such priorities, and $10,000,000 shall be for grants to federally recognized In-dian Tribes without regard to their status as certified or uncertified under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)), for reclamation of aban-doned mine lands and other related activi-ties in accordance with the terms and condi-tions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) and shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977: Provided further, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States and Indian Tribes within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. B
UREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  I
NDIAN EDUCATION  
OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, in-cluding the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Education Amend-ments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,411,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $76,000,000 shall be for welfare assist-ance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts pro-vided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations of fed-erally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $673,425,000 for school operations costs of Bureau-funded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That not to exceed $53,991,000 shall remain available until expended for housing im-provement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improve-ment, and the Navajo-Hopi Settlement Pro-gram: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $81,036,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2018: Pro- vided further, That any forestry funds allo-cated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2019, may be transferred during fiscal year 2020 to an Indian forest land assistance account es-tablished for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2020: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to pur-chase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may ac-cept transfers of funds from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads owned by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs as identified on the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory, 23 U.S.C. 202(b)(1). CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power sys-tems, buildings, utilities, and other facili-ties, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursu-ant to Public Law 87–483; $354,113,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irriga-tion Project may be transferred to the Bu-reau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program manage-ment costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of No-vember 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Pro- vided further, That for fiscal year 2018, in im-plementing new construction, replacement facilities construction, or facilities improve-ment and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in part 12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as the regulatory requirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to sec-tion 12.61 of title 43, Code of Federal Regula-tions; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of pay-ments for the work to be performed: Provided further, That in considering grant applica-tions, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in assuring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by section 1125(b) of title XI of Public Law 95–561 (25 U.S.C. 2005(b)), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further, That if the Secretary declines a grant application, the Secretary shall follow the requirements contained in section 5206(f) of Public Law 100–297 (25 U.S.C. 2504(f)): Pro- vided further, That any disputes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provi-sion in section 5208(e) of Public Law 107–110 (25 U.S.C. 2507(e)): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely completion of con-struction projects, the Secretary may as-sume control of a project and all funds re-lated to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grant-ee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the ap-propriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administra-tive expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, 111–291, and 114–322, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $55,457,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and in-sured loans, $9,272,000, of which $1,252,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or in-sured, not to exceed $123,565,389. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by di-rect expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either di-rectly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 (25 U.S.C. 15), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the man-agement, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for central office oversight and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1856 March 22, 2018 
Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and ad-ministrative services funding for Tribal Pri-ority Allocations, regional offices, and facili-ties operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the In-dian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). In the event any tribe returns appropria-tions made available by this Act to the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust re-sponsibility to that tribe, or the govern-ment-to-government relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropria-tions. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Education, other than the amounts pro-vided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this pro-hibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary deter-mines such waiver is needed to support ac-complishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureau-funded schools with a K-2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be avail-able, in accordance with the Bureau’s fund-ing formula, only to the schools in the Bu-reau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bu-reau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reim-burse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept sepa-rate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bu-reau-funded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions re-lated to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appen-dix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribu-tion formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non- public schools located within the jurisdic-tional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not in-clude grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, pro-vide an educational environment with educa-tor presence and academic facilities com-parable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring ex-traordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended dis-tances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund oper-ations, maintenance, rehabilitation, con-struction or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bu-reau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘sat-ellite school’’ means a school location phys-ically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other re-spects. Of the prior year unobligated balances available for the ‘‘Operation of Indian Pro-grams’’ account, $8,000,000 are permanently rescinded. D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as au-thorized by law, $124,182,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $10,242,000 for the Of-fice of Valuation Services is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2018, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fis-cal year for payments pursuant to this chap-ter are insufficient to make the full pay-ments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made pro-portionally: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to cor-rect for prior overpayments or underpay-ments: Provided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the De-partment of the Interior and other jurisdic-tions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $96,870,000, of which: (1) $87,422,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef ini-tiative activities, and brown tree snake con-trol and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and ex-penses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of Amer-ican Samoa, in addition to current local rev-enues, for construction and support of gov-ernmental functions; grants to the Govern-ment of the Virgin Islands, as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Govern-ment of the Northern Mariana Islands , as au- thorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,448,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the terri-torial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agen-cies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Fi-nancial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Pro- vided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial par-ticipation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s com-mitment to timely maintenance of its cap-ital assets: Provided further, That any appro-priation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropria-tions Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to sec-tion 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,363,000, to remain available until ex-pended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99– 658 and Public Law 108–188. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Pub-lic Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the sub-sidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit else-where requirements, and restrictions on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1857 March 22, 2018 
types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agri-culture shall be in addition to funds other-wise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. O
FFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $66,675,000. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $51,023,000. O
FFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR  A
MERICAN INDIANS  
FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for In-dians by direct expenditure, contracts, coop-erative agreements, compacts, and grants, $119,400,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $18,990,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ ac-count: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obli-gated during fiscal year 2018, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly state-ment of performance for any Indian trust ac-count that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such ac-count to be withdrawn upon the express writ-ten request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is avail-able for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either dis-bursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after Sep-tember 30, 2002: Provided further, That erro-neous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this ac-count for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to rec-oncile Special Deposit Accounts with a bal-ance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding sec-tion 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are un-known for a continuous period of at least five years and shall not be required to gen-erate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain suffi-cient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall re-main available to the individual account holders. DEPARTMENT -WIDEPROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire prepared-ness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Inte-rior, $948,087,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $18,427,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $184,000,000 is for fuels management activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $20,470,000 is for burned area reha-bilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be fur-nished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropria-tion: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the ap-propriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided fur-ther, That using the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for ac-tivities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of im-plementing any cooperative agreement be-tween the Federal Government and any non- Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local private, non-profit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Con-servation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other en-tities that will hire or train locally a signifi-cant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in im-plementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to en-sure accountability and consistent applica-tion of the authorities provided herein: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibil-ities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire man-agement activities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local govern-ments, at or below fair market value, to con-struct capitalized improvements for fire fa-cilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, re-tardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make ad-vance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appro-priated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such trans-fers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Pro- vided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland re-search, technical information, and assist-ance in foreign countries, and, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including tech-nical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and inter-national organizations. 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component of-fices and bureaus for the response action, in-cluding associated activities, performed pur-suant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT  
ANDRESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage as-sessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provi-sions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq., $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a de-partmental financial and business manage-ment system, information technology im-provements of general benefit to the Depart-ment, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $62,370,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary may assess rea-sonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, edu-cational, or recreational activities (as de-fined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for simi-lar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Pro-gram Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two pre-ceding provisos shall be credited to this ac-count, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1858 March 22, 2018 
Secretary may enter into grants and cooper-ative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be ob-tained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft. 
OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE  For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $137,757,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which $41,727,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of over-payments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  I
NTERIOR  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY —INTRA - 
BUREAU  S
EC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the ap-proval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of air-craft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made avail-able under this authority until funds specifi-cally made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replen-ished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as pos-sible. 
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE S
EC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appro-priation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emer-gency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoid-able causes; for contingency planning subse-quent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activi-ties related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mor-mon cricket outbreaks on lands under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclama-tion projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Min-ing Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assump-tion of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regu-latory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations in-curred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reim-bursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made avail-able under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire suppression’’ shall be ex-hausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental ap-propriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to re-imburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 103. Appropriations made to the De-partment of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replace-ment of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of re-prints; payment for telephone service in pri-vate residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in so-cieties or associations which issue publica-tions to members only or at a price to mem-bers lower than to subscribers who are not members. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS , INDIAN TRUST  
MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior ap-propriations Acts made under the same head-ings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and re-form activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS , BUREAU OF INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Pri-ority Allocation funds, including tribal base funds, to alleviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a re-duction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2018. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate dis-tribution methodologies, the 10 percent limi-tation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  S
EC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire lands, waters, or inter-ests therein including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jer-sey, for the purpose of operating and main-taining facilities in the support of transpor-tation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activities, by donation or with appropriated funds, in-cluding franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Sec-retary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such fa-cilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine reasonable. OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  S
EC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary shall collect a nonrefundable inspec-tion fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Off-shore Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facili-ties that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2018 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or in-active wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2018. Fees for fiscal year 2018 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated op-erators under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of bill-ing. The Secretary shall bill designated oper-ators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REG-
ULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  S
EC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regu-lation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE  
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agree-ments with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5-year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and mainte-nance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, sub-ject to renewal at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  S
EC. 110. The United States Fish and Wild-life Service shall, in carrying out its respon-sibilities to protect threatened and endan-gered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, in-tended for harvest, that are released from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1859 March 22, 2018 
federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead spe-cies. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  S
EC. 111. Paragraph (1) of section 122(a) of division E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2020,’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘through 2022,’’. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 112. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2018, in car-rying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts re-ceivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  S
EC. 113. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior may transfer excess wild horses or burros that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local gov-ernment agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon request of such Federal, State, or local government agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as authorized in this section shall not: de-stroy the horses or burros in a way that re-sults in their destruction into commercial products; sell or otherwise transfer the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction for processing into com-mercial products; or euthanize the horses or burros except upon the recommendation of a licensed veterinarian, in cases of severe in-jury, illness, or advanced age. 
REPUBLIC OF PALAU  S
EC. 114. There is appropriated $123,824,000 for an additional amount for ‘‘Compact of Free Association’’, which shall remain avail-able until expended for use in meeting the fi-nancial obligations of the Government of the United States under the Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Palau Following the Compact of Free As-sociation Section 432 Review, signed on Sep-tember 3, 2010, with the funding schedule therein modified by the Parties as necessary and appropriate (‘‘Compact Review Agree-ment’’): Provided, That funds may not be made available under this section prior to the Compact Review Agreement and its ap-pendices entering into force. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR EXPERIENCED  
SERVICES PROGRAM  S
EC. 115. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to Federal grants and cooperative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations des-ignated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to uti-lize the talents of older Americans in pro-grams authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and con-sistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agree-ment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individ-uals currently employed by the Department, including partial displacement through re-duction of non-overtime hours, wages, or em-ployment benefits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a lay-off status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. JAY S . HAMMOND WILDERNESS  S
EC. 116. (a) D ESIGNATION .—The approxi-mately 2,600,000 acres of National Wilderness Preservation System land located within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve des-ignated by section 701(6) of the Alaska Na-tional Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 96–487) shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jay S. Ham-mond Wilderness’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the wilderness area referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jay S. Hammond Wilderness’’. 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 117. (a) Division II of Public Law 104– 333 (54 U.S.C. 320101 note), as amended by sec-tion 116(b)(2) of Public Law 114–113, is amend-ed in each of sections 203, 310, and 607, by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (b) Section 140(j) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2004 (54 U.S.C. 320101 note; Public Law 108–108; 117 Stat. 1280) is amended by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘17 years’’. 
PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES (PILT)  S
EC. 118. Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2008 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
MORRISTOWN NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK  S
EC. 119. The first section of the Act enti-tled ‘‘An Act to authorize the addition of lands to Morristown National Historical Park in the State of New Jersey, and for other purposes’’, approved September 18, 1964 (16 U.S.C. 409g), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, from a willing owner only,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to procure’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘615’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘715’’. 
SAGE -GROUSE  S
EC. 120. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— (1) a proposed rule for greater sage-grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin distinct population segment of greater sage- grouse. 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE  S
EC. 121. (a) The following provisions of S. 1460 (Energy and Natural Resources Act of 2017) of the 115th Congress, as placed on the calendar of the Senate on June 29, 2017, are hereby enacted into law: (1) Section 7130 (Modification of the Second Division Memorial). (2) Section 7134 (Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park). (b) H.R. 1281 as introduced in the 115th Congress (A bill to extend the authorization of the Highlands Conservation Act) and H.R. 4134 as introduced in the 115th Congress (Cecil D. Andrus-White Clouds Wilderness Redesignation Act) are hereby enacted into law. (c) In publishing this Act in slip form and in the United States Statutes at large pursu-ant to section 112 of title 1, United States Code, the Archivist of the United States shall include after the date of approval at the end an appendix setting forth the text of the sections of the bill and the bills referred to in subsections (a) and (b), respectively. MINERAL WITHDRAWAL SUBJECT TO VALID  
EXISTING RIGHTS  S
EC. 122. (a) The mineral estate identified in Bureau of Land Management contracts number CA 20139 and CA 22901 is hereby with-drawn from all forms of mineral entry au-thority of the Secretary, subject to valid ex-isting rights. TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For science and technology, including re-search and development activities, which shall include research and development ac-tivities under the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980; necessary expenses for per-sonnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $713,823,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $4,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as speci-fied in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That of unobligated balances from appro-priations made available under this heading, $7,350,000 are permanently rescinded: Pro- vided further, That no amounts may be re-scinded pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts made available in the first proviso for Research: National Priorities. E
NVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For environmental programs and manage-ment, including necessary expenses, not oth-erwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and oper-ation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; li-brary memberships in societies or associa-tions which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; adminis-trative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion resid-ual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to ex-ceed $19,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $2,643,299,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That of the funds included under this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environ-mental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That of the funds included under this heading, $447,857,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the explanatory state-ment described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That of the unobli-gated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $45,300,000 are permanently rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts made available in the first proviso for Environ-mental Protection: National Priorities, from amounts made available in the second pro-viso for Geographic Programs, or from the National Estuary Program (33 U.S.C. 1330). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1860 March 22, 2018 
In addition, $10,000,000 to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses of ac-tivities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1)): Provided, That fees collected pur-suant to that section of that Act and depos-ited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as dis-cretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated in this paragraph from the general fund for fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced by the amount of discretionary offsetting re-ceipts received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such re-ceipts exceed $10,000,000, those amount in ex-cess of $10,000,000 shall be deposited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2018, shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds included in the first para-graph under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees appropriated, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. H
AZARDOUS WASTE ELECTRONIC MANIFEST  S
YSTEM FUND For necessary expenses to carry out sec-tion 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g), including the development, op-eration, maintenance, and upgrading of the hazardous waste electronic manifest system established by such section, $3,674,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections under such section 3024 are re-ceived during fiscal year 2018, which shall re-main available until expended and be used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent such offsetting collections re-ceived in fiscal year 2018 exceed $3,674,000, those excess amounts shall remain available until expended and be used for necessary ex-penses in this appropriation. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, ex-tension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $34,467,000, to remain available until ex-pended. H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,091,947,000, to remain available until expended, con-sisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2017, as author-ized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,091,947,000 as a pay-ment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Pro- vided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $8,778,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2019, and $15,496,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appro-priation to remain available until September 30, 2019. LEAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST  F
UNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leak-ing underground storage tank cleanup activi-ties authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $91,941,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,572,000 shall be for carrying out leaking under-ground storage tank cleanup activities au-thorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use ap-propriations made available under this head-ing to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial as-sistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. I
NLAND OILSPILL PROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s respon-sibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,209,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. S
TATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infra-structure assistance, including capitaliza-tion grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $3,562,161,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which— (1) $1,393,887,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $863,233,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2018, to the extent there are sufficient eligible project applications and projects are consistent with State Intended Use Plans, not less than 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State for projects to address green infra-structure, water or energy efficiency im-provements, or other environmentally inno-vative activities: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding sec-tion 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to admin-ister the fund shall not apply to amounts in-cluded as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2018 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of admin-istering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including ad-ministration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia may also be made for the purpose of pro-viding assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifica-tions, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replace-ment of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwith-standing the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for fa-cility plans, design activities, or plans, spec-ifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal resi-dences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding any provision of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act and regula-tions issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Ad-ministrator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and edu-cational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Pro- vided further, That for fiscal year 2018, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Okla-homa (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the limita-tion on amounts in section 518(c) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is greater, and not-withstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Adminis-trator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appro-priated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Pro- vided further, That 10 percent of the funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1861 March 22, 2018 
made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund cap-italization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligi-ble recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligi-ble recipient or to buy, refinance, or restruc-ture the debt obligations of eligible recipi-ents only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act if the State, with concurrence from the Administrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water or if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply before the date of enactment of this Act: Pro- vided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Fund capitalization grants to provide ad-ditional subsidy to eligible recipients; (2) $10,000,000 shall be for architectural, en-gineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United States-Mexico Border, after consulta-tion with the appropriate border commis-sion: Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United States-Mexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has es-tablished an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that ju-risdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the devel-opment within an existing colonia the con-struction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, waste-water, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $20,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, inter-agency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characterization, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 percent shall be allo-cated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Pov-erty Estimates; (5) $75,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $40,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and con-ditions in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); (7) $4,000,000 shall be to carry out the water quality program authorized in section 5004(d) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); and (8) $1,076,041,000 shall be for grants, includ-ing associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized tribes, inter-state agencies, tribal consortia, and air pol-lution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement and related activities, includ-ing activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104– 134, and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Infor-mation Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Under-ground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State- level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring pro-grams; $10,000,000 shall be for multipurpose grants, including interagency agreements: Provided, That hereafter, notwithstanding other applicable provisions of law, the funds appropriated for the Indian Environmental General Assistance Program shall be avail-able to federally recognized tribes for solid waste and recovered materials collection, transportation, backhaul, and disposal serv-ices. W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  I
NNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $610,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this ac-count, to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS — E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSION OF  
FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to imple-ment directly Federal environmental pro-grams required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to feder-ally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in imple-menting Federal environmental programs for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agree-ments may be awarded from funds des-ignated for State financial assistance agree-ments. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Exten-sion Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(d)(2)), the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w–8) for fiscal year 2018. The Administrator is authorized to trans-fer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appro-priated for the Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out ac-tivities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an inter-agency agreement with the head of such Fed-eral department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to govern-mental entities, nonprofit organizations, in-stitutions, and individuals for planning, re-search, monitoring, outreach, and implemen-tation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Science and Technology, Environ-mental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Stor-age Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, re-pair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facili-ties, provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. For fiscal year 2018, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Adminis-trator is authorized to use the amounts ap-propriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. The Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Manage-ment’’ for fiscal year 2018 to provide grants to implement the Southeastern New England Watershed Restoration Program. Of the unobligated balances available for the ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ ac-count, $96,198,000 are hereby permanently re-scinded: Provided, That no amounts may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1862 March 22, 2018 
rescinded from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to the Concurrent Reso-lution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or from amounts that were made available by subsection (a) of section 196 of the Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 114–223), as amended by the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114– 254). Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, not less than $1,000,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards de-scribed in section 320(g)(4). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE F
OREST SERVICE  
OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Natural Resources and Environment mis-sion area for salaries and expenses are avail-able to fund up to one administrative sup-port staff for the office. 
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and range-land research as authorized by law, $297,000,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inven-tory and analysis program. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assist-ance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, and conducting an international program as authorized, $335,525,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, as authorized by law; of which $67,025,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to re-main available until expended. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for the Forest Legacy Pro-gram and derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, $5,938,000 is hereby per-manently rescinded from projects with cost savings or failed or partially failed projects that had funds returned: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Con-current Resolution on the Budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice, not otherwise provided for, for manage-ment, protection, improvement, and utiliza-tion of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,923,750,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2021: Provided, That of the funds provided, $40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $366,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $430,000,000 shall be for hazardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Pri-vate Forestry’’ appropriation, for the pur-pose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $15,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or coopera-tive agreements or to issue grants for haz-ardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land, or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forestry Restoration Act, Pub-lic Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the For-est Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriations: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 33 of the Bankhead Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1012), the Secretary of Agriculture, in calcu-lating a fee for grazing on a National Grass-land, may provide a credit of up to 50 percent of the calculated fee to a Grazing Associa-tion or direct permittee for a conservation practice approved by the Secretary in ad-vance of the fiscal year in which the cost of the conservation practice is incurred. And, that the amount credited shall remain avail-able to the Grazing Association or the direct permittee, as appropriate, in the fiscal year in which the credit is made and each fiscal year thereafter for use on the project for conservation practices approved by the Sec-retary. CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice, not otherwise provided for, $449,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommis-sioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and main-tenance of forest roads and trails by the For-est Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2018 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative ex-penses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statu-tory authority applicable to the Forest Serv-ice, $64,337,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS  
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exte-rior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland Na-tional Forests, California; and the Ozark-St. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Ar-kansas; as authorized by law, $850,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND  
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, coun-ty, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2021, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96– 586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilita-tion, protection, and improvement, 50 per-cent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic live-stock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available through September 30, 2021, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for ad-ministrative expenses associated with on- the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. 
GIFTS , DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST  
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. 
MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR  
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.), $2,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021. 
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burned- over National Forest System lands and water, $2,880,338,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repay-ment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such pur-poses: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services pro-vided in response to wildfire and other emer-gencies or disasters to the extent such reim-bursements by the Forest Service for non- fire emergencies are fully repaid by the re-sponsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Federal emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement be-tween the Federal Government and any non- Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs: Provided further, That the $65,000,000 made available under this heading in the Consoli-dated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) for the purpose of acquiring aircraft for the next- generation airtanker fleet shall instead be available until expended for the purpose of enhancing firefighting mobility, effective-ness, efficiency, and safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1863 March 22, 2018 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FOREST SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; ac-quisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the oper-able fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service pro-grams; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for em-ployment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for ex-penses pursuant to the Volunteers in the Na-tional Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this para-graph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appro-priated to the Forest Service shall be avail-able for expenditure or transfer to the De-partment of the Interior for wildland fire management, hazardous fuels management, and State fire assistance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer un-obligated balances of discretionary funds ap-propriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Ac-count, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burned-over Na-tional Forest System lands and water, such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That this section does not apply to funds appropriated to the FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund or funds derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Devel-opment in connection with forest and range-land research, technical information, and as-sistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related nat-ural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, in-cluding technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Pro-gram, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of State, and the Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. pri-vate sector firms, institutions and organiza-tions to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and bur-ros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be sub-ject to transfer under the provisions of sec-tion 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or sec-tion 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures con-tained in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agri-culture for Department Reimbursable Pro-grams, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall pro-hibit or limit the use of reimbursable agree-ments requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Depart-ment of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-ice, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for pri-ority projects within the scope of the ap-proved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.). Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-ice, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the For-est Service for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National For-est Foundation to aid conservation partner-ship projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Founda-tion incurs expenses, for projects on or bene-fitting National Forest System lands or re-lated to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal fi-nancial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Service on at least a one-for-one basis: Pro- vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National For-est System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Pro- vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural com-munities and natural resource-based busi-nesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Serv-ice may be used to meet the non-Federal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, adminis-trative, and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agri-culture, for travel and related expenses in-curred as a result of OGC assistance or par-ticipation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management re-views, land purchase negotiations and simi-lar matters unrelated to civil litigation. Fu-ture budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the sums requested for trans-fer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report no later than 30 business days fol-lowing the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations. The Forest Service shall submit, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, to the Office of Management and Budget a proposed system of administrative control of funds for its accounts, as described in 31 U.S.C. 1514, not later than June 21, 2018. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act, the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the In-dian Health Service, $3,952,290,000, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238(b), 238b), for services furnished by the In-dian Health Service: Provided, That funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1864 March 22, 2018 
made available to tribes and tribal organiza-tions through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts au-thorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for grants or con-tracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $962,695,000 for Purchased/Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided, $11,000,000 shall remain available until expended to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space ac-quired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and improve-ment and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $58,000,000 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accredita-tion emergencies, of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts other-wise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited to the Fund au-thorized by section 108A of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided fur-ther, That the amounts made available with-in this account for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for the Domes-tic Violence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing sub-sidy authority for civilian employees, for aftercare pilot programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to improve collections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and tribally operated facili-ties, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants for which the performance period falls within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appro-priated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act, except for those related to the plan-ning, design, or construction of new facili-ties: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the In-dian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from tribes and tribal organizations operating health fa-cilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be nec-essary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $72,280,000 is for the Indian Health Care Im-provement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided further, That the accreditation emergency funds may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to an-other budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, im-provement, and equipment of health and re-lated auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifica-tions, and drawings; acquisition of sites, pur-chase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of do-mestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the In-dian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for ex-penses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $867,504,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, con-struction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to pur-chase TRANSAM equipment from the De-partment of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds ap-propriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal fa-cilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Ad-ministration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demoli-tion Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal build-ings. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equiva-lent to the maximum rate payable for senior- level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; pur-chase of medical equipment; purchase of re-prints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when author-ized under regulations approved by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services; uni-forms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of at-tendance at meetings that relate to the func-tions or activities of the Indian Health Serv-ice: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all tribally adminis-tered or Indian Health Service facilities, sub-ject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651–2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility pro-viding the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be admin-istered under Public Law 86–121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93– 638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, ex-cept those used for administrative and pro-gram direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal or-ganization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq. (title I), 5381 et seq. (title V)), may be deobligated and reobligated to a self-deter-mination contract under title I, or a self- governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fis-cal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the In-dian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has sub-mitted a budget request reflecting the in-creased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been in-cluded in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to pro-vide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those en-tities pursuant to the Indian Self-Determina-tion Act, may be credited to the same or sub-sequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1865 March 22, 2018 
training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, admin-istrative, and overhead costs associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Service may provide to civilian med-ical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allow-ances equivalent to those that would be pro-vided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hos-pitals: Provided further, That the appropria-tion structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notifica-tion to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National In-stitute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthor-ization Act of 1986, $77,349,000. A
GENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  R
EGISTRY  
TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
PUBLIC HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $74,691,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assess-ment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accred-ited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assess-ment or health study, evaluation, or activ-ity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2018, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES E
XECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue func-tions assigned to the Council on Environ-mental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969, the Environ-mental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, func-tions, and duties of the Council. C
HEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out ac-tivities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $11,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safe-ty and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to po-sitions within the Board. OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  R
ELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as au-thorized by Public Law 93–531, $15,431,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other ap-propriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in significantly sub-standard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi In-dian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands parti-tioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or re-placement home is provided for such house-hold: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or re-placement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). I
NSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  N
ATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq.), $9,835,000, which shall become avail-able on July 1, 2018, and shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and his-tory; development, preservation, and docu-mentation of the National Collections; pres-entation of public exhibits and perform-ances; collection, preparation, dissemina-tion, and exchange of information and publi-cations; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of build-ings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and clean-ing of uniforms for employees, $731,444,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $6,908,000 for the instrumenta-tion program, collections acquisition, exhi-bition reinstallation, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain avail-able until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support Amer-ican overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent con-tractors performing research services or par-ticipating in official Smithsonian presen-tations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revital-ization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by sec-tion 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including nec-essary personnel, $311,903,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to ex-ceed $10,000 shall be for services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. N
ATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the Na-tional Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and admin-istrative expenses incident thereto, as au-thorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy- sixth Congress), including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gal-lery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publica-tions or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uni-forms, or allowances therefor, for other em-ployees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and serv-ices for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, im-provement, and repair of buildings, ap-proaches, and grounds; and purchase of serv-ices for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by con-tracts made, without advertising, with indi-viduals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and condi-tions as the Gallery may deem proper, $141,790,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $3,620,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
REPAIR , RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF  
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restora-tion and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the Na-tional Gallery of Art, by contract or other-wise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or re-newals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renova-tions in the Master Facilities Plan, as au-thorized, $24,203,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protec-tion systems, and exterior repair or renova-tion of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contrac-tors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. J
OHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE  P
ERFORMING ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $23,740,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1866 March 22, 2018 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $16,775,000, to remain available until expended. W
OODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  S
CHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $12,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. N
ATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  H
UMANITIES  N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $152,849,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and produc-tions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through as-sistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $152,848,000 to remain available until expended, of which $141,548,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to sec-tion 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $11,300,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $9,100,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been ap-propriated. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. C
OMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,762,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including ob-jects, papers, artwork, drawings and arti-facts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and ac-tivities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study , or edu- cation: Provided further, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL  
AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,750,000. A
DVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC  P
RESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,400,000. N
ATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,099,000: Provided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL  M
USEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $59,000,000, of which $1,715,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s out-reach initiatives program shall remain avail-able until expended. D
WIGHT D. E ISENHOWER MEMORIAL  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission, $1,800,000, to remain available until expended. 
CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission for design and construction of a memorial in honor of Dwight D. Eisenhower, as authorized by Pub-lic Law 106–79, $45,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That the con-tract with respect to the procurement shall contain the ‘‘availability of funds’’ clause de-scribed in section 52.232.18 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the funds appropriated herein shall be deemed to satisfy the criteria for issuing a permit contained in 40 U.S.C. 8906(a)(4) and (b). 
WOMEN ’S SUFFRAGE CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission, as author-ized by the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission Act (section 431(a)(3) of division G of Public Law 115–31), $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  Notwithstanding section 9 of the World War I Centennial Commission Act, as au-thorized by the World War I Centennial Com-mission Act (Public Law 112–272) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), for nec-essary expenses of the World War I Centen-nial Commission, $7,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That in addi-tion to the authority provided by section 6(g) of such Act, the World War I Commission may accept money, in-kind personnel serv-ices, contractual support, or any appropriate support from any executive branch agency for activities of the Commission. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legisla-tive proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 402. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  S
EC. 403. The amount and basis of esti-mated overhead charges, deductions, re-serves or holdbacks, including working cap-ital fund and cost pool charges, from pro-grams, projects, activities and subactivities to support government-wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central oper-ations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. 
MINING APPLICATIONS  S
EC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to accept or process appli-cations for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior deter-mines that, for the claim concerned (1) a pat-ent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all re-quirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the ap-plicant by that date. (c) R
EPORT .—On September 30, 2019, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to sec-tion 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) M
INERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall allow the applicant to fund a quali-fied third-party contractor to be selected by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1867 March 22, 2018 
the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in sub-section (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in ac-cordance with the standard procedures em-ployed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , PRIOR YEAR  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2018. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , FISCAL YEAR 2018  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2018 under the headings ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of In-dian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-determination or self-gov-ernance contracts, grants, compacts, or an-nual funding agreements for fiscal year 2018 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the In-dian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not avail-able for payment of claims for contract sup-port costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  S
EC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of section 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Range-land Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revi-sion of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Nothing in this section ex-empts the Secretary from any other require-ment of the Forest and Rangeland Renew-able Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. 
PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  S
EC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a Na-tional Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation estab-lishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  S
EC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the ac-quisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation with-out the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stump-age costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s ap-praisal process) when appraised using a re-sidual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alas-ka, shall be made available to domestic proc-essors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign mar-kets at the election of the timber sale hold-er. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. PROHIBITION ON NO -BID CONTRACTS  S
EC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to ex-ecutive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such con-tract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized In-dian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
POSTING OF REPORTS  S
EC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT  
GUIDELINES  S
EC. 413. Of the funds provided to the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is award-ed to such individual for a literature fellow-ship, National Heritage Fellowship, or Amer-ican Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish proce-dures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activ-ity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal sup-port to a group, unless the application is spe-cific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  S
EC. 414. (a) In providing services or award-ing financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National En-dowment for the Arts shall ensure that pri-ority is given to providing services or award-ing financial assistance for projects, produc-tions, workshops, or programs that serve un-derserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high inci-dence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the pov-erty line (as defined by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, and revised annually in ac-cordance with section 673(2) of the Commu-nity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. (c) In providing services and awarding fi-nancial assistance under the National Foun-dation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that will encourage pub-lic knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Founda-tion on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that are of national im-pact or availability or are able to tour sev-eral States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of para-graph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Con-gress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support commu-nity-based music performance and edu-cation. 
STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Serv-ice shall provide the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all un-committed, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 416. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation re-quiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with live-stock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  S
EC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to im-plement any provision in a rule, if that pro-vision requires mandatory reporting of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1868 March 22, 2018 
greenhouse gas emissions from manure man-agement systems. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 418. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to reg-ulate the lead content of ammunition, am-munition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 419. Section 412 of Division E of Public Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE  S
EC. 420. Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  S
EC. 421. The terms and conditions of sec-tion 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the For-est Service on any lands not subject to ad-ministration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2018. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 422. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
FOREST SERVICE FACILITY REALIGNMENT AND  
ENHANCEMENT ACT  S
EC. 423. Section 503(f) of the Forest Serv-ice Facility Realignment and Enhancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018’’. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  S
EC. 424. (a)(1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel prod-ucts used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or un-lined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities and of a satisfac-tory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Adminis-trator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying infor-mation available by electronic means, in-cluding on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. (d) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provi-sions described in subsection (a)(1) for man-agement and oversight of the requirements of this section. MIDWAY ISLAND  S
EC. 425. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any buildings or structures on Midway Island that have been recommended by the United States Navy for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places (54 U.S.C. 302101). 
JOHN F . KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION  S
EC. 426. Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) M
AINTENANCE , R EPAIR , AND SECU-
RITY.—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H), $23,740,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—There is author-ized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1), $16,775,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’. 
LOCAL COOPERATOR TRAINING AGREEMENTS AND  
TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUP -
PLIES FOR WILDFIRES  S
EC. 427. The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to enter into grants and coopera-tive agreements with volunteer fire depart-ments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organi-zations to provide for wildland fire training and equipment, including supplies and com-munication devices. Notwithstanding 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to ex-cess Department of the Interior firefighting equipment no longer needed to carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such organizations. 
ALASKA NATIVE REGIONAL HEALTH ENTITIES  S
EC. 428. Section 424 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN HOSPITALS  S
EC. 429. Section 1886(d)(12)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT OF INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
AND NON -INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE FACILITIES .— For purposes of determining whether— ‘‘(I) a subsection (d) hospital of the Indian Health Service (whether operated by such Service or by an Indian tribe or tribal orga-nization (as those terms are defined in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act)), or ‘‘(II) a subsection (d) hospital other than a hospital of the Indian Health Service meets the mileage criterion under clause (i) with respect to fiscal year 2011 or a succeeding fis-cal year, the Secretary shall apply the policy described in the regulation at part 412.101(e) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this clause).’’. INFRASTRUCTURE  S
EC. 430. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Haz-ardous Substance Superfund’’, $63,000,000, of which $54,389,000 shall be for the Superfund Remedial program and $8,611,000 shall be for the Superfund Emergency Response and Re-moval program, to remain available until ex-pended, consisting of such sums as are avail-able in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2017, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Super-fund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $63,000,000 as a pay-ment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Protection Agency—State and Tribal Assistance Grants,’’ for environmental pro-grams and infrastructure assistance, includ-ing capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $650,000,000 to remain available until ex-pended, of which— (1) $300,000,000 shall be for making capital-ization grants for the Clean Water State Re-volving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $300,000,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act; (2) $20,000,000 shall be for grants for small and disadvantaged communities authorized in section 2104 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); (3) $20,000,000 shall be for grants for lead testing in school and child care program drinking water authorized in section 2107 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); (4) $10,000,000 shall be for grants for reduc-ing lead in drinking water authorized in sec-tion 2105 of the Water Infrastructure Im-provements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322). (c) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Protection Agency—Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Program Account’’, $53,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the cost of direct loans, for the cost of guaranteed loans, and for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, of which $3,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, may be used for such admin-istrative expenses: Provided, That these addi-tional funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of di-rect loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capital-ized interest, any part of which is to be guar-anteed, not to exceed $6,100,000,000. 
POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY  S
EC. 431. To support the key role that for-ests in the United States can play in address-ing the energy needs of the United States, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal depart-ments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solu-tion, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbon-neutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renew-able energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1869 March 22, 2018 
(B) encourage private investment through-out the forest biomass supply chain, includ-ing in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to im-prove forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. 
CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  S
EC. 432. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
SMALL REMOTE INCINERATORS  S
EC. 433. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement or en-force the regulation issued on March 21, 2011 at 40 CFR part 60 subparts CCCC and DDDD with respect to units in the State of Alaska that are defined as ‘‘small, remote inciner-ator’’ units in those regulations and, until a subsequent regulation is issued, the Admin-istrator shall implement the law and regula-tions in effect prior to such date. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION H—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR E
MPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as ‘‘WIOA’’), the Second Chance Act of 2007, and the National Apprenticeship Act, $3,486,200,000, plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employ-ment and training activities, youth activi-ties, and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $2,789,832,000 as follows: (A) $845,556,000 for adult employment and training activities, of which $133,556,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and of which $712,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (B) $903,416,000 for youth activities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; and (C) $1,040,860,000 for dislocated worker em-ployment and training activities, of which $180,860,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That the funds available for allot-ment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act; and (2) for national programs, $696,368,000 as follows: (A) $220,859,000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, of which $20,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through September 30, 2019, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to provide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker disloca-tions across multiple sectors or across mul-tiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds provided to carry out sections 168(b) and 169(c) of the WIOA may be used for tech-nical assistance and demonstration projects, respectively, that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent workers: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) may reserve not more than 10 percent of such funds to provide technical assistance and carry out additional activi-ties related to the transition to the WIOA: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this subparagraph, $30,000,000 shall be for training and employment assistance under sections 168(b), 169(c) (notwithstanding the 10 percent limitation in such section) and 170 of the WIOA for workers in the Appa-lachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1) and workers in the Lower Mis-sissippi, as defined in section 4(2) of the Delta Development Act (Public Law 100–460, 102 Stat. 2246; 7 U.S.C. 2009aa(2)); (B) $54,000,000 for Native American pro-grams under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (C) $87,896,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $81,447,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training serv-ices), $5,922,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $527,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services; (D) $89,534,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (E) $93,079,000 for ex-offender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA and section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That of this amount, $25,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare young ex-offenders and school dropouts for employment, with a priority for projects serving high-crime, high-poverty areas; (F) $6,000,000 for the Workforce Data Qual-ity Initiative, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; and (G) $145,000,000 to expand opportunities re-lating to apprenticeship programs registered under the National Apprenticeship Act, to be available to the Secretary to carry out ac-tivities through grants, cooperative agree-ments, contracts and other arrangements, with States and other appropriate entities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019. 
JOB CORPS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  To carry out subtitle C of title I of the WIOA, including Federal administrative ex-penses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for train-ing centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,718,655,000, plus reimbursements, as fol-lows: (1) $1,603,325,000 for Job Corps Operations, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (2) $83,000,000 for construction, rehabilita-tion and acquisition of Job Corps Centers, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2021, and which may include the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of major items of equipment: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the oper-ational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding provision shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and (3) $32,330,000 for necessary expenses of Job Corps, which shall be available for obligation for the period October 1, 2017 through Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That no funds from any other ap-propriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps centers. COMMUNITY SERVICE EMPLOYMENT FOR OLDER  
AMERICANS  To carry out title V of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘OAA’’), $400,000,000, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and may be recaptured and reobligated in accordance with section 517(c) of the OAA. 
FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND  
ALLOWANCES  For payments during fiscal year 2018 of trade adjustment benefit payments and al-lowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, em-ployment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Ad-justment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, $790,000,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to Sep-tember 15, 2018: Provided, That notwith-standing section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this head-ing may remain available for obligation be-yond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(c)). 
STATE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE AND  
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS  For authorized administrative expenses, $84,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,380,625,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund (‘‘the Trust Fund’’), of which: (1) $2,639,600,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State unemployment insurance laws as au-thorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $120,000,000 to conduct in-person reemployment and eligi-bility assessments and unemployment insur-ance improper payment reviews, and to pro-vide reemployment services and referrals to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1870 March 22, 2018 
training as appropriate, for claimants of un-employment insurance for ex-service mem-bers under 5 U.S.C. 8521 et. seq. and for claimants of regular unemployment com-pensation, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits in each State: Provided, That such activities shall not be subject to section 306 of the So-cial Security Act; and $9,000,000 for contin-ued support of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence), the adminis-tration of unemployment insurance for Fed-eral employees and for ex-service members as authorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523, and the administration of trade readjustment al-lowances, reemployment trade adjustment assistance, and alternative trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and shall be available for obliga-tion by the States through December 31, 2018, except that funds used for automation shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018, and for State obligation through September 30, 2020, or, if the auto-mation is being carried out through con-sortia of States, for State obligation through September 30, 2023, and for expenditure through September 30, 2024, and funds for competitive grants awarded to States for im-proved operations and to conduct in-person reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper pay-ment reviews and provide reemployment services and referrals to training, as appro-priate, shall be available for Federal obliga-tion through December 31, 2018, and for obli-gation by the States through September 30, 2020, and funds for the Unemployment Insur-ance Integrity Center of Excellence shall be available for obligation by the State through September 30, 2019, and funds used for unem-ployment insurance workloads experienced through September 30, 2018 shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018; (2) $13,897,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the Federal-State unem-ployment insurance system; (3) $645,000,000 from the Trust Fund, to-gether with $21,413,000 from the General Fund of the Treasury, is for grants to States in accordance with section 6 of the Wagner- Peyser Act, and shall be available for Fed-eral obligation for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (4) $19,818,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Serv-ice, including administration of the work op-portunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the provi-sion of technical assistance and staff train-ing under the Wagner-Peyser Act; (5) $62,310,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifi-cations and related activities under the Im-migration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $48,028,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such ac-tivities, and $14,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (6) $62,653,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and one-stop system build-ing under the Wagner-Peyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That to the extent that the Aver-age Weekly Insured Unemployment (‘‘AWIU’’) for fiscal year 2018 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,246,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the So-cial Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allot-ted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suf-fered a major disaster declared by the Presi-dent under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make pay-ments on behalf of States to the entity oper-ating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That funds appro-priated in this Act which are used to estab-lish a national one-stop career center sys-tem, or which are used to support the na-tional activities of the Federal-State unem-ployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and non-State entities: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for im-proved operations under title III of the So-cial Security Act, or awarded grants to sup-port the national activities of the Federal- State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and non- State entities under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the Wag-ner-Peyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled ‘‘Uni-form Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Fed-eral Awards’’ at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State par-ticipating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and re-porting services relating to the National Ag-ricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and pri-vate institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, method-ology, and data to meet the information col-lection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for such purposes. 
ADVANCES TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT TRUST FUND  
AND OTHER FUNDS  For repayable advances to the Unemploy-ment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and for non-repayable advances to the revolving fund es-tablished by section 901(e) of the Social Se-curity Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509, and to the ‘‘Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances’’ account, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obli-gation through September 30, 2019. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $108,674,000, together with not to exceed $49,982,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Ad-ministration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. E
MPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $181,000,000, of which up to $3,000,000 shall be made available through September 30, 2019, for the procurement of expert witnesses for enforcement litigation. P
ENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
FUND  The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (‘‘Corporation’’) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such con-tracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104, as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated ad-ministrative expenses, through September 30, 2018, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corpora-tion for fiscal year 2018 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $424,417,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Cor-poration exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2018, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for obligation for adminis-trative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided in this paragraph may be incurred for unforeseen and extraordinary pretermination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. W
AGE AND HOURDIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $227,500,000. O
FFICE OF LABOR -MANAGEMENT STANDARDS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Labor-Management Standards, $40,187,000. O
FFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE  P
ROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $103,476,000. O
FFICE OF WORKERS ’ COMPENSATION  P
ROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, $115,424,000, together with $2,177,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1871 March 22, 2018 
accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act. 
SPECIAL BENEFITS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation, bene-fits, and expenses (except administrative ex-penses) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading ‘‘Civilian War Benefits’’ in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees’ Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2012); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 50 percent of the additional com-pensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, $220,000,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropria-tion for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Em-ployees’ Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a): Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a re-employed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements un-obligated on September 30, 2017, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Pro- vided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corpora-tion or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2018: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administra-tion of the Federal Employees’ Compensa-tion Act, $71,188,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems oper-ations and telecommunications systems, $24,540,000; (2) For automated workload processing op-erations, including document imaging, cen-tralized mail intake, and medical bill proc-essing, $22,968,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $21,946,000; (4) For program integrity, $1,734,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may re-quire that any person filing a notice of in-jury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81, or the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Com-pensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (in-cluding Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. 
SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS  For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275, $54,319,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fis-cal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , ENERGY EMPLOY -
EES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION  
FUND  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $59,846,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such iden-tifying information (including Social Secu-rity account number) as may be prescribed. 
BLACK LUNG DISABILITY TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the ‘‘Fund’’), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by sec-tion 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as author-ized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addi-tion, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2018 for ex-penses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as author-ized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $38,246,000 for transfer to the Office of Work-ers’ Compensation Programs, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $31,994,000 for trans-fer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $330,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Of-fice of Inspector General’’; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous re-ceipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. O
CCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administration, $552,787,000, including not to exceed $100,850,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the ‘‘Act’’), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health pro-grams required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That not- withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recog-nized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, to administer national and international laboratory recognition pro-grams that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the work-place: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is en-gaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and em-ploys 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this para-graph shall be obligated or expended to ad-minister or enforce any standard, rule, regu-lation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (‘‘DART’’) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— (1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, edu-cational and training services, and to con-duct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investiga-tion in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found dur-ing such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employ-ment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitaliza-tion of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimi-nation against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not main-tain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That $10,537,000 shall be available for Susan Har-wood training grants, of which the Secretary shall reserve not less than $4,500,000 for Susan Harwood Training Capacity Building Developmental grants, as described in Fund-ing Opportunity Number SHTG–GY–16–02 (referenced in the notice of availability of funds published in the Federal Register on May 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 30568)) for program activities starting not later than September 30, 2018 and lasting for a period of 12 months: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. M
INESAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $373,816,000, in-cluding purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and first-aid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That amounts available for State assistance grants may be used for the purchase and maintenance of new equipment required by the final rule entitled ‘‘Lowering Miners’ Exposure to Respirable Coal Mine Dust, Including Continuous Personal Dust Monitors’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on May 1, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 24813 et seq.), for operators that demonstrate financial need as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That not-withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training mate-rials, otherwise authorized by law to be col-lected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration is authorized to collect and re-tain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1872 March 22, 2018 
and may utilize such sums for such activi-ties: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equip-ment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety edu-cation and training in the mining commu-nity through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is au-thorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety asso-ciation and, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Adminis-tration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided fur-ther, That any funds available to the Depart-ment of Labor may be used, with the ap-proval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. B
UREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or re-imbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $547,000,000, together with not to exceed $65,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administra-tion account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. O
FFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and em-ployment of people with disabilities, $38,203,000. D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three pas-senger motor vehicles, $337,536,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be ex-pended from the Employment Security Ad-ministration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That $59,825,000 for the Bureau of International Labor Affairs shall be available for obligation through Decem-ber 31, 2018: Provided further, That funds available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs may be used to administer or operate international labor activities, bilat-eral and multilateral technical assistance, and microfinance programs, by or through contracts, grants, subgrants and other ar-rangements: Provided further, That not more than $53,825,000 shall be for programs to com-bat exploitative child labor internationally and not less than $6,000,000 shall be used to implement model programs that address worker rights issues through technical as-sistance in countries with which the United States has free trade agreements or trade preference programs: Provided further, That $8,040,000 shall be used for program evalua-tion and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open com-petition: Provided further, That funds avail-able for program evaluation may be trans-ferred to any other appropriate account in the Department for such purpose: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in ad-vance of any transfer: Provided further, That the funds available to the Women’s Bureau may be used for grants to serve and promote the interests of women in the workforce: Pro- vided further, That of the amounts made available to the Women’s Bureau, $994,000 shall be used for grants authorized by the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontradi-tional Occupations Act. VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  Not to exceed $245,041,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administra-tion account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which: (1) $180,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans’ outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans’ employment representa-tives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2018, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data sys-tems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance in-formation: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such special-ists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive serv-ices, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; (2) $19,500,000 is for carrying out the Tran-sition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144; (3) $42,127,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code; and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans’ Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made. In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $50,000,000 is for carrying out pro-grams to assist homeless veterans and vet-erans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwith-standing subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2018, to provide serv-ices under such section: Provided further, That services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness. In addition, fees may be assessed and de-posited in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund pursuant to section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act, as amended herein, and such amounts shall be available to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, as authorized by such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That such sums shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purposes, including funds available under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That sec- tion 2(d) of division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note) shall not apply. IT MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support sys-tems and modernization, $20,769,000, which shall be available through September 30, 2019. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $83,487,000, together with not to exceed $5,660,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration ac-count in the Unemployment Trust Fund. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be in-creased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer author-ity granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, man-ufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States De-partment of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Com-petitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2916a) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire for-eign workers, and the related activities nec-essary to support such training. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration’’ shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an indi-vidual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Of-fice of Management and Budget Circular A– 133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving sala-ries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1873 March 22, 2018 
the relative cost-of-living in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a set-aside, for technical assist-ance services to grantees to ‘‘Program Ad-ministration’’ when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently per-formed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Sec-retary may transfer not more than 0.5 per-cent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to ‘‘Program Administration’’ in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appro-priations: Provided, That notwithstanding section 102 and the preceding proviso, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of funds made available in para-graphs (1) and (2) of the ‘‘Office of Job Corps’’ account to paragraph (3) of such account to carry out program integrity activities re-lated to the Job Corps program: Provided fur-ther, That funds transferred under the au-thority provided by this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropria-tion made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evalua-tions of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to ‘‘Departmental Management’’ for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evalua-tion Officer of the Department of Labor sub-mits a plan to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any trans-fer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: ‘‘Training and Employment Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Job Corps’’, ‘‘Community Service Employment for Older Americans’’, ‘‘State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’, ‘‘Employee Benefits Se-curity Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs’’, ‘‘Wage and Hour Division’’, ‘‘Office of Federal Contract Com-pliance Programs’’, ‘‘Office of Labor Manage-ment Standards’’, ‘‘Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Dis-ability Employment Policy’’, funding made available to the ‘‘Bureau of International Labor Affairs’’ and ‘‘Women’s Bureau’’ with-in the ‘‘Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses’’ account, and ‘‘Veterans Em-ployment and Training’’. S
EC. 108. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, beginning October 1, 2017, the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture may select an enti-ty to operate a Civilian Conservation Center on a competitive basis in accordance with section 147 of the WIOA, if the Secretary of Labor determines such Center has had con-sistently low performance under the per-formance accountability system in effect for the Job Corps program prior to July 1, 2016, or with respect to expected levels of perform-ance established under section 159(c) of such Act beginning July 1, 2016. SEC. 109. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: ‘‘(s)(1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the oc-currence of a major disaster to any em-ployee— ‘‘(A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major dis-aster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, sell-ing, or marketing property, casualty, or li-ability insurance policies or contracts; ‘‘(B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum week-ly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(C) whose duties include any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) interviewing insured individuals, indi-viduals who suffered injuries or other dam-ages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; ‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or review-ing factual information to prepare damage estimates; ‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommenda-tions regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; ‘‘(iv) negotiating settlements; or ‘‘(v) making recommendations regarding litigation. ‘‘(2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘major disaster’ means any disaster or catastrophe declared or des-ignated by any State or Federal agency or department; ‘‘(B) the term ‘employee employed to ad-just or evaluate claims resulting from or re-lating to such major disaster’ means an indi-vidual who timely secured or secures a li-cense required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) re-lating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker com-pensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such em-ployees; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘affiliate’ means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 110. Of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Ad-ministration–Training and Employment Services’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31, $12,500,000 is rescinded, to be derived from the amount made available in paragraph (2)(A) under such heading for the period Oc-tober 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018. S
EC. 111. (a) F LEXIBILITY WITHRESPECT TO  
THECROSSING OF H–2B N ONIMMIGRANTS WORK-
ING IN THE SEAFOOD INDUSTRY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is grant-ed, the employer may bring the non-immigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120- day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CROSSINGS AFTER  
90TH DAY .—An employer in the seafood indus-try may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the em-ployer is seeking the services of the non-immigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the ap-propriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer’s place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) E
XEMPTION FROM RULES WITH RESPECT TO  
STAGGERING .—The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood in-dustry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120-day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B N
ONIMMIGRANTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrants’’ means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B)). S
EC. 112. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employ-ees with similar experience and qualifica-tions for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occu-pational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B non-immigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of fil-ing the petition. In the determination of pre-vailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occu-pational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary deter-mines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically sup-ported. S
EC. 113. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of cor-responding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the three-fourths guarantee rule defi-nition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any ref-erences thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). S
EC. 114. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may furnish through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other arrangements, up to $2,000,000 of excess personal property to ap-prenticeship programs for the purpose of training apprentices in those programs. S
EC. 115. The proviso at the end of para-graph (1) under the heading ‘‘Department of Labor—Employment and Training Adminis-tration—State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’ in title I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1874 March 22, 2018 
of division G of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied in fiscal year 2018 by substituting ‘‘seven’’ for ‘‘six’’. S
EC. 116. Section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act (division O of Public Law 115–31) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may as-sess a reasonable fee on employers that apply for receipt of a HIRE Vets Medallion Award and the Secretary shall deposit such fees into the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund. The Secretary shall establish the amount of the fee such that the amounts col-lected as fees and deposited into the Fund are sufficient to cover the costs associated with carrying out this division.’’. S
EC. 117. (a) The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to create a Department of Labor’’, approved March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 736, chapter 141) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such Act: 
‘‘SEC. 12. SECURITY DETAIL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor is authorized to employ law enforcement of-ficers or special agents to— ‘‘(1) provide protection for the Secretary of Labor during the workday of the Secretary and during any activity that is preliminary or postliminary to the performance of offi-cial duties by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) provide protection, incidental to the protection provided to the Secretary, to a member of the immediate family of the Sec-retary who is participating in an activity or event relating to the official duties of the Secretary; ‘‘(3) provide continuous protection to the Secretary (including during periods not de-scribed in paragraph (1)) and to the members of the immediate family of the Secretary if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(4) provide protection to the Deputy Sec-retary of Labor or another senior officer rep-resenting the Secretary of Labor at a public event if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Labor may authorize a law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a), for the purpose of performing the duties au-thorized under subsection (a), to— ‘‘(1) carry firearms; ‘‘(2) make arrests without a warrant for any offense against the United States com-mitted in the presence of such officer or spe-cial agent; ‘‘(3) perform protective intelligence work, including identifying and mitigating poten-tial threats and conducting advance work to review security matters relating to sites and events; ‘‘(4) coordinate with local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(5) initiate criminal and other investiga-tions into potential threats to the security of the Secretary, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Labor. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHGUIDELINES .—A law enforcement officer or special agent em-ployed under subsection (a) shall exercise any authority provided under this section in accordance with any— ‘‘(1) guidelines issued by the Attorney Gen-eral; and ‘‘(2) guidelines prescribed by the Secretary of Labor.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 118. The Secretary is authorized to dispose of or divest, by any means the Sec-retary determines appropriate, including an agreement or partnership to construct a new Job Corps center, all or a portion of the real property on which the Treasure Island Job Corps Center is situated. Any sale or other disposition will not be subject to any re-quirement of any Federal law or regulation relating to the disposition of Federal real property, including but not limited to Sub-chapter III of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the United States Code and Subchapter V of Chapter 119 of Title 42 of the United States Code. The net proceeds of such a sale shall be transferred to the Secretary, which shall be available until expended to carry out the Job Corps Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES HEALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to pri-mary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,626,522,000: Pro- vided, That no more than $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That no more than $114,893,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out subsections (g) through (n) and (q) of section 224 of the PHS Act, and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HHS’’) pertaining to adminis-trative claims made under such law: Provided further, That the ninth provisos under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration—Health Resources and Serv-ices’’ in Public Laws 104–208 and 105–78 are amended by striking ‘‘$80,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$152,700,000’’ in each such ninth proviso and by adding at the end of each such ninth proviso the following new proviso: ‘‘ Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974:’’: Provided further, That of funds provided for the Health Centers program, as defined by section 330 of the PHS Act, by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2018, not less than $200,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2018 for improving quality of care or expanded service grants under section 330 of the PHS Act to support and enhance be-havioral health, mental health, or substance use disorder services. Of the funds made available under this heading, $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized under part A of title XVI of the PHS Act, for non-Federal lenders for the construction, renovation, and mod-ernization of medical facilities that are oper-ated by health centers: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to sub-sidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $743,494,000. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the So-cial Security Act, and the Health Care Qual-ity Improvement Act of 1986, $1,060,695,000, of which $111,916,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019 to carry out sec-tions 755 and 756 of the PHS Act: Provided, That sections 747(c)(2), 751(j)(2), 762(k), and the proportional funding amounts in para-graphs (1) through (4) of section 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made avail-able under this heading: Provided further, That for any program operating under sec-tion 751 of the PHS Act on or before January 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees collected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Quality Improve-ment Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be suffi-cient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Pro- vided further, That funds transferred to this account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such sections: Provided further, That $105,000,000 shall remain avail-able until expended, for the purposes of pro-viding primary health services, be used to as-sign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to expand the delivery of substance use disorder treatment services, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), and 333A(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repay-ment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ includes clinical substance use disorder treatment services, including those provided by masters level, li-censed substance use disorder treatment counselors. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health, title V of the Social Secu-rity Act, and section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, $886,789,000, of which $10,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2022 to carry out sec-tion 330M of the PHS Act: Provided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $83,593,000 shall be available for car-rying out special projects of regional and na-tional significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subpara-graphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. 
RYAN WHITE HIV /AIDS PROGRAM  For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/ AIDS program, $2,318,781,000, of which $1,970,881,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2020, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. 
HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS  For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care sys-tems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-search Act of 2005, $111,693,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facilities renovations at the Gillis W. Long Hansen’s Disease Center. 
RURAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, sec-tion 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1875 March 22, 2018 
and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $290,794,000, of which $49,609,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medi-care rural hospital flexibility grants, $15,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology and up to $1,000,000 shall be to carry out section 1820(g)(6) of the Social Security Act, with funds provided for grants under section 1820(g)(6) available for the purchase and im-plementation of telehealth services, includ-ing pilots and demonstrations on the use of electronic health records to coordinate rural veterans care between rural providers and the Department of Veterans Affairs elec-tronic health record system: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health: Provided fur-ther, That $15,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 to support the Rural Residency Development Program: Pro- vided further, That $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2022, for the Rural Communities Opioids Response Pro-gram. 
FAMILY PLANNING  For carrying out the program under title X of the PHS Act to provide for voluntary fam-ily planning projects, $286,479,000: Provided, That amounts provided to said projects under such title shall not be expended for abortions, that all pregnancy counseling shall be nondirective, and that such amounts shall not be expended for any activity (in-cluding the publication or distribution of lit-erature) that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legisla-tive proposal or candidate for public office. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For program support in the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, $155,000,000: Provided, That funds made avail-able under this heading may be used to sup-plement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, ‘‘Health Workforce’’, ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, ‘‘Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program’’, ‘‘Health Care Systems’’, and ‘‘Rural Health’’. 
VACCINE INJURY COMPENSATION PROGRAM  
TRUST FUND  For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), such sums as may be nec-essary for claims associated with vaccine-re-lated injury or death with respect to vac-cines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That for necessary administrative ex-penses, not to exceed $9,200,000 shall be avail-able from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act, with respect to immu-nization and respiratory diseases, $474,055,000. 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS -
MITTED DISEASES , AND TUBERCULOSIS PRE -
VENTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/ AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,127,278,000. EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education As-sistance Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $562,572,000. 
CHRONIC DISEASE PREVENTION AND HEALTH  
PROMOTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health pro-motion, $915,346,000: Provided, That funds ap-propriated under this account may be avail-able for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be available to continue and expand community specific ex-tension and outreach programs to combat obesity in counties with the highest levels of obesity: Provided further, That the propor-tional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. 
BIRTH DEFECTS , DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES , 
DISABILITIES AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $140,560,000. 
PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statis-tics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $490,397,000. 
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $188,750,000. 
INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to injury preven-tion and control, $648,559,000, of which $475,579,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019 for an evidence-based opioid drug overdose prevention program. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR OCCUPATIONAL  
SAFETY AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Im-provement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $335,200,000. 
ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS  
COMPENSATION PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available con-sistent with the provision regarding adminis-trative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106–554. 
GLOBAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $488,621,000, of which (1) $128,421,000 shall re-main available through September 30, 2019 for international HIV/AIDS and (2) $50,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 for Global Disease Detection and Emergency Response: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. 
PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, ra-diological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $1,450,000,000, of which $610,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Strategic National Stockpile: Provided, That in the event the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (referred to in this title as ‘‘CDC’’) acti-vates the Emergency Operations Center, the Director of the CDC may detail CDC staff without reimbursement for up to 90 days to support the work of the CDC Emergency Op-erations Center, so long as the Director pro-vides a notice to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority and a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which in-cludes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the op-eration and maintenance of an aircraft in di-rect support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address pub-lic health preparedness emergencies. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition of real property, equip-ment, construction, demolition, and renova-tion of facilities, $270,000,000, which shall re-main available until September 30, 2022, of which $240,000,000 shall be for a CDC bio-safety level 4 laboratory: Provided, That in addition to the amount provided, $240,000,000 shall be for a CDC biosafety level 4 labora-tory for the purposes described in the pre-vious proviso and shall be derived by transfer from the Fund established by Public Law 110–161, division G, title II, section 223 and shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided further, That funds previously set-aside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Lab-oratory shall be used to acquire a replace-ment mine safety research facility: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year un-obligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Ac-counts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this head-ing to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. 
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, $113,570,000: Provided, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civil-ian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organiza-tions under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as non-Federal employees for re-porting purposes only and shall not be in-cluded within any personnel ceiling applica-ble to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $10,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Di-rector of CDC: Provided further, That in addi-tion, such sums as may be derived from au-thorized user fees, which shall be credited to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1876 March 22, 2018 
the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2019. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $5,664,800,000, of which up to $30,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improve-ments at the National Cancer Institute— Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. 
NATIONAL HEART , LUNG , AND BLOOD INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,383,201,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DENTAL AND  
CRANIOFACIAL RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $447,735,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DIABETES AND  
DIGESTIVE AND KIDNEY DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and di-gestive and kidney disease, $1,970,797,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NEUROLOGICAL  
DISORDERS AND STROKE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $2,145,149,000: Provided, That $250,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2019 for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alter-natives, pain management, and addiction treatment: Provided further, That each for- profit recipient of funds provided in the pre-vious proviso shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of not less than 50 percent of the total funds awarded to such entity. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to allergy and in-fectious diseases, $5,260,210,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF GENERAL MEDICAL  
SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $2,785,400,000, of which $922,871,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $350,575,000 is provided for the Institu-tional Development Awards program. 
EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER NATIONAL INSTITUTE  
OF CHILD HEALTH AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,452,006,000. 
NATIONAL EYE INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $772,317,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $751,143,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON AGING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to aging, $2,574,091,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ARTHRITIS AND  
MUSCULOSKELETAL AND SKIN DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $586,661,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DEAFNESS AND OTHER  
COMMUNICATION DISORDERS  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $459,974,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NURSING RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to nursing re-search, $158,033,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON ALCOHOL ABUSE AND  
ALCOHOLISM  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $509,573,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,383,603,000: Provided, That $250,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019 for re-search related to opioid addiction, develop-ment of opioid alternatives, pain manage-ment, and addiction treatment: Provided fur-ther, That each for-profit recipient of funds provided in the previous proviso shall be sub-ject to a matching requirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of not less than 50 percent of the total funds awarded to such entity. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $1,711,775,000. 
NATIONAL HUMAN GENOME RESEARCH INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $556,881,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF BIOMEDICAL IMAGING  
AND BIOENGINEERING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical im-aging and bioengineering research, $377,871,000. 
NATIONAL CENTER FOR COMPLEMENTARY AND  
INTEGRATIVE HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $142,184,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON MINORITY HEALTH AND  
HEALTH DISPARITIES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $303,200,000. 
JOHN E . FOGARTY INTERNATIONAL CENTER  For carrying out the activities of the John E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $75,733,000. 
NATIONAL LIBRARY OF MEDICINE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health informa-tion communications, $428,553,000: Provided, That of the amounts available for improve-ment of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That in fiscal year 2018, the Na-tional Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the Na-tional Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as ‘‘NIH’’). 
NATIONAL CENTER FOR ADVANCING  
TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $742,354,000: Provided, That up to $25,835,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided fur-ther, That at least $542,771,000 is provided to the Clinical and Translational Sciences Awards program. OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR  For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, NIH, $1,803,293,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Pro- vided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain avail-able for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That $165,000,000 shall be for the National Children’s Study Follow-on: Provided further, That $588,116,000 shall be available for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c)(1) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Di-rector of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director of the NIH may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c) of the PHS Act, $12,600,000 is appro-priated to the Common Fund for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relating to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the study of, construction of, demoli-tion of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $128,863,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2022. 
NIH INNOVATION ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $496,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Di-rector of the National Institutes of Health to other accounts of the National Institutes of Health solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law. S
UBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  S
ERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, and the Protection and Advocacy for Individ-uals with Mental Illness Act, $1,453,972,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appro-priated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $21,039,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1920(b) tech-nical assistance, national data, data collec-tion and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1877 March 22, 2018 
percent of the amounts appropriated for sub-part I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That up to 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out the Children’s Mental Health Services program may be used to carry out demonstration grants or contracts for early interventions with persons not more than 25 years of age at clinical high risk of developing a first episode of psy-chosis: Provided further, That section 520E(b)(2) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That States shall ex-pend at least 10 percent of the amount each receives for carrying out section 1911 of the PHS Act to support evidence-based programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental illness, including psy-chotic disorders, regardless of the age of the individual at onset: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2020 for grants to communities and community organizations who meet cri-teria for Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics pursuant to section 223(a) of Public Law 113-93: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Pro-tecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with re-spect to substance abuse treatment and pre-vention, $3,182,306,000: Provided, That $1,000,000,000 shall be for State Opioid Re-sponse Grants for carrying out activities per-taining to opioids undertaken by the State agency responsible for administering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.): Provided further, That of such amount $50,000,000 shall be made available to Indian Tribes or tribal organizations: Provided fur-ther, That 15 percent of the remaining amount shall be for the States with the high-est mortality rate related to opioid use dis-orders: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for State Opioid Response Grants not more than 2 percent shall be available for Federal administrative expenses, train-ing, technical assistance, and evaluation: Provided further, That of the amount not re-served by the previous three provisos, the Secretary shall make allocations to States, territories, and the District of Columbia ac-cording to a formula using national survey results that the Secretary determines are the most objective and reliable measure of drug use and drug-related deaths: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit the formula methodology to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate not less than 30 days prior to publishing a Funding Opportunity Announcement: Provided further, That pre- vention and treatment activities funded through such grants may include education, treatment (including the provision of medi-cation), behavioral health services for indi-viduals in treatment programs, referral to treatment services, recovery support, and medical screening associated with such treatment: Provided further, That each State, as well as the District of Columbia, shall re-ceive not less than $4,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That in addition to amounts provided herein, the following amounts shall be avail-able under section 241 of the PHS Act: (1) $79,200,000 to carry out subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1935(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1935(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appro-priated for subpart II of part B of title XIX; and (2) $2,000,000 to evaluate substance abuse treatment programs: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1921 of the PHS Act or State Opioid Response Grants shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $248,219,000. 
HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For program support and cross-cutting ac-tivities that supplement activities funded under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’ in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protec-tion and Advocacy for Individuals with Men-tal Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $128,830,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $31,428,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out na-tional surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and tech-nical assistance activities: Provided further, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabula-tions, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a pub-lic or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for car-rying out section 501(m) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supple-ment program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’. A
GENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND  Q
UALITY  
HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY  For carrying out titles III and IX of the PHS Act, part A of title XI of the Social Se-curity Act, and section 1013 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Mod-ernization Act of 2003, $334,000,000: Provided, That section 947(c) of the PHS Act shall not apply in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That in addition, amounts received from Freedom of Information Act fees, reimburs-able and interagency agreements, and the sale of data shall be credited to this appro-priation and shall remain available until September 30, 2019. C
ENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  S
ERVICES  
GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act, $284,798,384,000, to remain available until expended. For making, after May 31, 2018, payments to States under title XIX or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the last quarter of fiscal year 2018 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making payments to States or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $134,847,759,000, to remain available until ex-pended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subse-quent quarter. PAYMENTS TO HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Hospital In-surance Trust Fund and the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Pub-lic Law 97–248, and for administrative ex-penses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $323,497,300,000. In addition, for making matching pay-ments under section 1844 and benefit pay-ments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be nec-essary. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, the Clinical Laboratory Im-provement Amendments of 1988, and other responsibilities of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, not to exceed $3,669,744,000, to be transferred from the Fed-eral Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act, and such sums as may be collected from authorized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organiza-tions established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be credited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary is directed to collect fees in fiscal year 2018 from Medicare Advantage organizations pur-suant to section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act and from eligible organizations with risk-sharing contracts under section 1876 of that Act pursuant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act. 
HEALTH CARE FRAUD AND ABUSE CONTROL  
ACCOUNT  In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program manage-ment, $745,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $500,368,000 shall be for the Medicare Integrity Program at the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services, including admin-istrative costs, to conduct oversight activi-ties for Medicare Advantage under Part C and the Medicare Prescription Drug Program under Part D of the Social Security Act and for activities described in section 1893(b) of such Act, of which $84,398,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by sec-tion 1817(k)(3) of such Act, of which $84,398,000 shall be for the Medicaid and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’) program integrity activities, and of which $75,836,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activi-ties authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1878 March 22, 2018 
Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2018 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $434,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide not less than $17,621,000 for the Sen-ior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse from the funds provided to this account. A
DMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR CHILD SUPPORT  
ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $2,995,400,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the cur-rent fiscal year, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE  For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $3,640,304,000: Provided, That all but $678,500,000 of this amount shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2018 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 2609A(a), of the amounts ap-propriated under section 2602(b), not more than $2,988,000 of such amounts may be re-served by the Secretary for technical assist-ance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal con-trols, policies and procedures and may, in ad-dition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations. 
REFUGEE AND ENTRANT ASSISTANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for refugee and en-trant assistance activities authorized by sec-tion 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (‘‘TVPA’’), and the Tor-ture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $1,864,936,000, of which $1,830,446,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be avail-able for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the limitation in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appro-priation shall apply to transfers to appro-priations under this heading by substituting ‘‘10 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. 
PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR THE CHILD CARE AND  
DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT  For carrying out the Child Care and Devel-opment Block Grant Act of 1990 (‘‘CCDBG Act’’), $5,226,000,000 shall be used to supple-ment, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for low-in-come families: Provided, That technical as-sistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the res-ervation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act: Provided further, That in addition to the amounts required to be reserved by the Sec-retary under section 658O(a)(2)(A) of such Act, $156,780,000 shall be for Indian tribes and tribal organizations. SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT  For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act (‘‘CSBG Act’’); and for necessary admin-istrative expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Se-curity Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, the Low- Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Assets for Independence Act, title IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act of 1980, $12,022,225,000, of which $75,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2018: Provided, That $9,863,095,000 shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided further, That of the amount in the previous proviso, $8,823,095,000 shall be available for payments under section 640 of the Head Start Act, of which $216,000,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjust-ment notwithstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That notwith-standing such section 640, of the amount in the second preceding proviso, $260,000,000 (of which up to one percent may be reserved for research and evaluation) shall be available through March 31, 2019 for award by the Sec-retary to grantees that apply for supple-mental funding to increase their hours of program operations and for training and technical assistance for such activities: Pro- vided further, That of the amount provided for making payments under the Head Start Act, $25,000,000 shall be available for alloca-tion by the Secretary to supplement activi-ties described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of such Act under the Designa-tion Renewal System, established under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12) and 645A(d) of such Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding such section 640, of the amount provided for making payments under the Head Start Act, and in addition to funds otherwise available under such section 640 for such purposes, $755,000,000 shall be avail-able through March 31, 2019 for Early Head Start programs as described in section 645A of such Act, for conversion of Head Start services to Early Head Start services as de-scribed in section 645(a)(5)(A) of such Act, for discretionary grants for high quality infant and toddler care through Early Head Start- Child Care Partnerships, to entities defined as eligible under section 645A(d) of such Act, for training and technical assistance for such activities, and for up to $16,000,000 in Federal costs of administration and evaluation, and, notwithstanding section 645A(c)(2) of such Act, these funds are available to serve chil-dren under age 4: Provided further, That funds described in the preceding two provisos shall not be included in the calculation of ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That $250,000,000 shall be available until December 31, 2018 for car-rying out sections 9212 and 9213 of the Every Student Succeeds Act: Provided further, That up to 3 percent of the funds in the preceding proviso shall be available for technical as-sistance and evaluation related to grants awarded under such section 9212: Provided further, That $742,883,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided fur-ther, That $28,233,000 shall be for sections 680 and 678E(b)(2) of the CSBG Act, of which not less than $19,883,000 shall be for section 680(a)(2) and not less than $8,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 675C(a)(3) of such Act, to the extent Commu-nity Services Block Grant funds are distrib-uted as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under such Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carryover into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary shall es-tablish procedures regarding the disposition of intangible assets and program income that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grant funds authorized under section 680 of the CSBG Act to become the sole property of such grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the grant period for any activity consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That intangible assets in the form of loans, equity invest-ments and other debt instruments, and pro-gram income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided fur-ther, That these procedures shall apply to such grant funds made available after No-vember 29, 1999: Provided further, That funds appropriated for section 680(a)(2) of the CSBG Act shall be available for financing construction and rehabilitation and loans or investments in private business enterprises owned by community development corpora-tions: Provided further, That $160,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 303(a) of the Fam-ily Violence Prevention and Services Act, of which $5,000,000 shall be allocated notwith-standing section 303(a)(2) of such Act for car-rying out section 309 of such Act: Provided further, That the percentages specified in section 112(a)(2) of the Child Abuse Preven-tion and Treatment Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Pro- vided further That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to include a comprehensive national case management contract and Federal costs of administering the system: Provided further, That up to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1879 March 22, 2018 
$2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to support data collection for a study of the system’s effec-tiveness. 
PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $99,765,000: Provided, That of the funds avail-able to carry out section 437, $59,765,000 shall be allocated consistent with subsections (b) through (d) of such section (as such section shall be so in effect on October 1, 2018): Pro- vided further, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, to assist in meeting the requirements described in section 471(e)(4)(C) (as such section shall be so in ef-fect on October 1, 2018), $20,000,000 shall be for grants to each State, territory, and In-dian tribe operating title IV–E plans for de-veloping, enhancing, or evaluating kinship navigator programs, as described in section 427(a)(1) of such Act, and $20,000,000, in addi-tion to funds otherwise appropriated in sec-tion 436 for such purposes, shall be for com-petitive grants to regional partnerships as described in section 437(f): Provided further, That section 437(b)(1) shall be applied to amounts in the previous proviso by sub-stituting ‘‘5 percent’’ for ‘‘3.3 percent’’, and notwithstanding section 436(b)(1), such re-served amounts may be used for identifying, establishing, and disseminating practices to meet the criteria specified in section 471(e)(4)(C) (as such section shall be so in ef-fect on October 1, 2018): Provided further, That the reservation in section 437(b)(2) and the limitations in section 437(d) shall not apply to funds specified in the second pro-viso: Provided further, That the minimum grant award for kinship navigator programs in the case of States and territories shall be $200,000, and, in the case of tribes, shall be $25,000. 
PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $6,225,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $2,700,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the cur-rent fiscal year, except as otherwise pro-vided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. A
DMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING  
AGING AND DISABILITY SERVICES PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 (‘‘OAA’’), titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX– B of the Social Security Act, the Develop-mental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Department-wide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individ-uals with disabilities, $2,095,100,000, together with $49,115,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insur-ance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided, That amounts appropriated under this heading may be used for grants to States under section 361 of the OAA only for disease prevention and health promotion programs and activities which have been demonstrated through rigorous evaluation to be evidence-based and effective: Provided fur-ther, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be available for developing and implementing evidence-based practices for enhancing senior nutrition: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to support alternative fi-nancing programs that provide for the pur-chase of assistive technology devices, such as a low-interest loan fund; an interest buy- down program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided further, That applicants shall provide an as-surance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize con-sumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and community-based disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible sys-tem (as defined in section 102 of the Protec-tion and Advocacy for Individuals with Men-tal Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10802)) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assist-ance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A)) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the re-quested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically award-ed authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on be-half of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such indi-viduals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an indi-vidual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the pro-viso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided, for general departmental manage-ment, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $470,629,000, together with $64,828,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation ac-tivities: Provided, That of this amount, $53,900,000 shall be for minority AIDS preven-tion and treatment activities: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $101,000,000 shall be for making competitive contracts and grants to public and private entities to fund medically accu-rate and age appropriate programs that re-duce teen pregnancy and for the Federal costs associated with administering and evaluating such contracts and grants, of which not more than 10 percent of the avail-able funds shall be for training and technical assistance, evaluation, outreach, and addi-tional program support activities, and of the remaining amount 75 percent shall be for replicating programs that have been proven effective through rigorous evaluation to re-duce teenage pregnancy, behavioral risk fac-tors underlying teenage pregnancy, or other associated risk factors, and 25 percent shall be available for research and demonstration grants to develop, replicate, refine, and test additional models and innovative strategies for preventing teenage pregnancy: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading from amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act, $6,800,000 shall be available to carry out evaluations (including longitudinal evaluations) of teenage preg-nancy prevention approaches: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively imple-ment education in sexual risk avoidance (de-fined as voluntarily refraining from non- marital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically ac-curate information referenced to peer-re-viewed publications by educational, sci-entific, governmental, or health organiza-tions; implement an evidence-based approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audi-ence; and teach the benefits associated with self-regulation, success sequencing for pov-erty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further, That no more than 10 per-cent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and admin-istrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, med-ical and administrative services deemed nec-essary for such adoptions: Provided further, That such services shall be provided con-sistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4). ACCOUNT FOR THE STATE RESPONSE TO THE  
OPIOID ABUSE CRISIS , CURES ACT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1003(c) of the 21st Century Cures Act, $500,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to sec-tion 1003(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1003(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be trans-ferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Depart-ment solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority provided under this heading is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law. 
OFFICE OF MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For expenses necessary for the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, $182,381,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, to be transferred in appropriate part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1880 March 22, 2018 
from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL COORDINATOR FOR  
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health in-formation technology, $60,367,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General, including the hire of pas-senger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating non-pay-ment of child support cases for which non- payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $38,798,000. 
RETIREMENT PAY AND MEDICAL BENEFITS FOR  
COMMISSIONED OFFICERS  For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for med-ical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. 
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  For expenses necessary to support activi-ties related to countering potential biologi-cal, nuclear, radiological, chemical, and cy-bersecurity threats to civilian populations, and for other public health emergencies, $993,458,000, of which $536,700,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for ex-penses necessary to support advanced re-search and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administra-tive expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority: Pro- vided, That funds provided under this head-ing for the purpose of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purpose: Pro- vided further, That products purchased with funds provided under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $5,000,000 of the amounts made available to support emergency operations shall remain available through September 30, 2020. For expenses necessary for procuring secu-rity countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act), $710,000,000, to remain available until expended. For an additional amount for expenses nec-essary to prepare for or respond to an influ-enza pandemic, $250,000,000; of which $215,000,000 shall be available until expended, for activities including the development and purchase of vaccine, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and other sur-veillance tools: Provided, That notwith-standing section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds may be used for the construction or renova-tion of privately owned facilities for the pro-duction of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to se-cure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Secretary. SEC. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other ex-tramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. S
EC. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to sec-tion 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds spe-cifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office lo-cated in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate de-tailing the planned uses of such funds. S
EC. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.5 per-cent, of any amounts appropriated for pro-grams authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implemen-tation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the cur-rent fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority grant-ed by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, termi-nations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the execution of a con-tract awarded in fiscal year 2018 under sec-tion 338B of such Act. S
EC. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any enti-ty under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Sec-retary that it encourages family participa-tion in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides coun-seling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activi-ties. S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. S
EC. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Sec-retary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actu-arially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity’s en-rollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program’s coverage for such serv-ices and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain in-formation about all Medicare covered serv-ices. SEC. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. S
EC. 211. The Secretary shall make avail-able through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for Inter-national Development, the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. S
EC. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2018: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Sec-retary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with sec-tion 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alter-ation, renovation, and management of facili-ties outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall co-operate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facili-ties that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facili-ties requirements and serve the purposes es-tablished by this Act. The Secretary is au-thorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agree-ment, to make available to public or non-profit private institutions or agencies in par-ticipating foreign countries, funds to ac-quire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct pro-grams of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further author-ized to provide locality-based comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the locality-based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such per-sonnel’s official duty station were in the Dis-trict of Columbia. Leaves of absence for per-sonnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under sub-chapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Re-search, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1881 March 22, 2018 
of Representatives and the Senate are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance of any trans-fer. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research re-lated to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Re-search, shall be made available to the ‘‘Of-fice of AIDS Research’’ account. The Direc-tor of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts nec-essary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. S
EC. 215. (a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH (‘‘Director’’) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than con-tracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such sec-tion 402(b)(12). (b) P
EERREVIEW .—In entering into trans-actions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (in-cluding consultation with appropriate sci-entific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such proce-dures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council re-view procedures that would otherwise be re-quired under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. S
EC. 216. Not to exceed $45,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the ac-tivities authorized herein, at not to exceed $3,500,000 per project. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made avail-able for National Research Service Awards (‘‘NRSA’’) shall be made available to the Ad-ministrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sec-tions 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Direc-tor of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. S
EC. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority (‘‘BARDA’’) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multi- year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and oper-ation of BARDA’s programs. (b) A contract entered into under this sec-tion— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional no-tice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. SEC. 219. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information con-cerning the employment of full-time equiva-lent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, admin-istering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amend-ments made by that Act, in the proposed fis-cal year and each fiscal year since the enact-ment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contrac-tors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Sec-retary shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appro-priated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that ad-ministers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or manda-tory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of full-time equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Sec-retary may exclude from the report employ-ees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE re-porting is not a requirement of their con-tract, such as fixed-price contracts. S
EC. 220. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2020 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2020. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity speci-fied under the heading ‘‘Health Insurance Exchange Transparency’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). S
EC. 221. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, au-thorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any pub-lic release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. S
EC. 222. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insur-ance Trust Fund or the Federal Supple-mental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—Program Management’’ account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relat-ing to risk corridors). SEC. 223. The Secretary shall include in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification an anal-ysis of how section 2713 of the PHS Act will impact eligibility for discretionary HHS pro-grams. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 224. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading ‘‘Prevention and Public Health Fund’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter pre-ceding division A of this consolidated Act). (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities author-ized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to sec-tion 2821(b) of such Act. S
EC. 225. Effective during the period begin-ning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2020, any provision of law that refers (in-cluding through cross-reference to another provision of law) to the current rec-ommendations of the United States Preven-tive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Sec-retary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current rec-ommendations were a reference to the rec-ommendations of such Task Force with re-spect to breast cancer screening, mammog-raphy, and prevention last issued before 2009; and (2) such recommendations last issued be-fore 2009 applied to any screening mammog-raphy modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj)). S
EC. 226. In making Federal financial as-sistance, the provisions relating to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, including with respect to the approval of deviations from negotiated rates, shall continue to apply to the National Insti-tutes of Health to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions were applied in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior Acts or otherwise made available to the De-partment of Health and Human Services or to any department or agency may be used to develop or implement a modified approach to such provisions, or to intentionally or sub-stantially expand the fiscal effect of the ap-proval of such deviations from negotiated rates beyond the proportional effect of such approvals in such quarter. S
EC. 227. In addition to the amounts other-wise available for ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Program Management’’, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may transfer up to $305,000,000 to such ac-count from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to support program management activity related to the Medicare Program: Provided, That except for the foregoing purpose, such funds may not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148 or Public Law 111–152 (or any amend-ment made by either such Public Law) or to supplant any other amounts within such ac-count. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 228. The NIH Director may transfer funds specifically appropriated for opioid ad-diction, opioid alternatives, pain manage-ment, and addiction treatment to other In-stitutes and Centers of the NIH to be used for the same purpose 15 days after notifying the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1882 March 22, 2018 
That the transfer authority provided in the previous proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. S
EC. 229. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 may be provided to any child care provider if a list of providers (as mentioned in part 98 of title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, appli-cable to the Department of Health and Human Services, Administration of Children and Families, and in the final rule published in the Federal Register, Vol. 81, No. 190, on Sept. 30, 2016) indicates that a serious injury or death occurred at the provider due to a substantiated health or safety violation. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services Appropria-tions Act, 2018’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION E
DUCATION FOR THE DISADVANTAGED  For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ESEA’’) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HEA’’), $16,443,790,000, of which $5,525,990,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That $6,459,401,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) on October 1, 2017, to obtain annually updated local educational agency-level census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Pro- vided further, That $3,969,050,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $3,969,050,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Pro- vided further, That $217,000,000 shall be for carrying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Provided further, That $44,623,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA. I
MPACT AID For carrying out programs of financial as-sistance to federally affected schools author-ized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,414,112,000, of which $1,270,242,000 shall be for basic sup-port payments under section 7003(b), $48,316,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $17,406,000 shall be for construction under section 7007(a), $73,313,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for pur-poses of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local educational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2017– 2018, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the deployment of both par-ents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole custody of such chil-dren, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal prop-erty as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in av-erage daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS  For carrying out school improvement ac-tivities authorized by part B of title I, part A of title II, subpart 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $5,158,467,000, of which $3,329,902,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That $378,000,000 shall be for part B of title I: Provided further, That $1,211,673,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided fur-ther, That $36,397,000 shall be for part B of title VI and may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any ele-mentary school, secondary school, or struc-ture related to an elementary school or sec-ondary school, run by the Department of Education of the State of Hawaii, that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body: Provided further, That $35,453,000 shall be for part C of title VI and shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and also may be used for construction: Provided further, That $52,000,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 203 of the Educational Technical Assist-ance Act of 2002 and the Secretary shall make such arrangements as determined to be necessary to ensure that the Bureau of In-dian Education has access to services pro-vided under this section: Provided further, That $16,699,000 shall be available to carry out the Supplemental Education Grants pro-gram for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further, That the Secretary may re-serve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide tech-nical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further, That $180,840,000 shall be for part B of title V: Pro- vided further, That $1,100,000,000 shall be available for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV. I
NDIAN EDUCATION  For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $180,239,000, of which $67,993,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $6,865,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI. I
NNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C, D, and E and subparts 1 and 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $982,256,000: Pro- vided, That $278,515,000 shall be for subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II and shall be made available without regard to sections 2201, 2231(b) and 2241: Provided further, That $583,741,000 shall be for parts C, D, and E and subpart 4 of part F of title IV, and shall be made available without regard to sections 4311, 4409(a), and 4601 of the ESEA: Provided further, That section 4303(d)(3)(A)(i) shall not apply to the funds available for part C of title IV: Provided further, That of the funds available for part C of title IV, the Secretary shall use $50,000,000 to carry out section 4304, of which not more than $10,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 4304(k), $120,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2019, to carry out section 4305(b), and not more than $14,000,000 to carry out the activities in section 4305(a)(3): Provided further, That notwithstanding section 4601(b), $120,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2018 for subpart 1 of part F of title IV. SAFESCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $185,754,000: Provided, That $90,000,000 shall be available for section 4631, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (‘‘Project SERV’’) program: Provided further, That $17,500,000 shall be available for section 4625: Provided further, That $78,254,000 shall be available through December 31, 2018, for sec-tion 4624: Provided further, That section 4623(b) of the ESEA shall apply to funds ap-propriated for Promise Neighborhoods under this heading in prior appropriations acts: Provided further, That, no later than June 1, 2018, the Secretary shall award extension grants under such section on a competitive basis to implementation grantees that have demonstrated the ability to collect, track, and report longitudinal data on performance indicators established by the Department and required to be reported on annually as part of the initial implementation grant; demonstrated the most positive and prom-ising results during their initial implemen-tation grant based on such indicators, em-phasizing getting children ready to learn; demonstrated a commitment to operating in the most underserved and under-resourced, including rural, areas; and propose con-tinuing to pursue ambitious goals during an extension of that grant. E
NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION  For carrying out part A of title III of the ESEA, $737,400,000, which shall become avail-able on July 1, 2018, and shall remain avail-able through September 30, 2019, except that 6.5 percent of such amount shall be available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, to carry out ac-tivities under section 3111(c)(1)(C). S
PECIAL EDUCATION  For carrying out the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Spe-cial Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $13,366,184,000, of which $3,845,585,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall be-come available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2017, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appro-priated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to sec-tion 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in sec-tion 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States’ relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with dis-abilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public edu-cation under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States’ relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose re-duction in allocation from funds appro-priated under this heading made funds avail-able for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds dis-tributed under the second proviso to local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1883 March 22, 2018 
educational agencies in accordance with sec-tion 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in sec-tion 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of con-secutive fiscal years, not to exceed five, until the entire reduction is applied: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the re-duction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds under section 611 for any fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of sec-tion 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234a): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical as-sistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection re-quirements of sections 616 and 618 and to ad-minister and carry out other services and ac-tivities to improve data collection, coordina-tion, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants pro-gram under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart. R
EHABILITATION SERVICES  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $3,587,130,000, of which $3,452,931,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation serv-ices under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided, That the Secretary may use amounts provided in this Act that remain available subsequent to the reallotment of funds to States pursuant to section 110(b) of the Rehabilitation Act for innovative activi-ties aimed at improving the outcomes of in-dividuals with disabilities as defined in sec-tion 7(20)(B) of the Rehabilitation Act, in-cluding activities aimed at improving the education and post-school outcomes of chil-dren receiving Supplemental Security In-come (‘‘SSI’’) and their families that may re-sult in long-term improvement in the SSI child recipient’s economic status and self- sufficiency: Provided further, That States may award subgrants for a portion of the funds to other public and private, nonprofit entities: Provided further, That any funds made available subsequent to reallotment for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SPECIAL INSTITUTIONS FOR PERSONS WITH D
ISABILITIES  
AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND  For carrying out the Act to promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $27,431,000. 
NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF  For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Edu-cation of the Deaf Act of 1986, $73,000,000: Pro- vided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY  For the Kendall Demonstration Elemen-tary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gal-laudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $128,000,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment pro-gram as authorized under section 207 of such Act. C
AREER , TECHNICAL , ANDADULT EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (‘‘AEFLA’’), $1,830,686,000, of which $1,039,686,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership ac-tivities under section 242. S
TUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $24,445,352,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019. The maximum Pell Grant for which a stu-dent shall be eligible during award year 2018– 2019 shall be $5,035. S
TUDENT AIDADMINISTRATION  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,678,943,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary shall allocate new student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers on the basis of their perform-ance compared to all loan servicers utilizing established common metrics, and on the basis of the capacity of each servicer to proc-ess new and existing accounts: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall, no later than September 30, 2017, allow student loan bor-rowers who are consolidating Federal stu-dent loans to select from any student loan servicer to service their new consolidated student loan under the current student loan servicing contracts: Provided further, That in order to promote accountability and high- quality service to borrowers, the Secretary shall not award funding for any contract so-licitation for a new Federal student loan servicing environment, including the solici-tation for the FSA Next Generation Proc-essing and Servicing Environment as amend-ed by the Department of Education on Feb-ruary 20, 2018, unless such an environment provides for the participation of multiple student loan servicers that contract directly with the Department of Education to man-age a unique portfolio of borrower accounts and the full life-cycle of loans from disburse-ment to pay-off with certain limited excep-tions, and allocates student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers based on performance: Provided further, That such servicers described in the previous pro-viso shall be evaluated based on their ability to meet contract requirements, future per-formance on the contracts, and history of compliance with applicable consumer protec-tions laws: Provided further, That to the ex-tent Federal Student Aid (FSA) permits stu-dent loan servicing subcontracting, FSA shall hold such subcontractors accountable for meeting the requirements of the con-tract: Provided further, That FSA shall create a fee structure with contractors that pro-vides more support to borrowers at risk of being distressed. HIGHER EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, titles II, III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the HEA, the Mutual Educational and Cul-tural Exchange Act of 1961, and section 117 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, $2,246,551,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA and section 102(b)(6) of the Mutual Educational and Cul-tural Exchange Act of 1961 may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in ad-vanced foreign language training and inter-national studies in areas that are vital to United States national security and who plan to apply their language skills and knowledge of these countries in the fields of government, the professions, or inter-national development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding pro-viso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and informa-tion dissemination activities: Provided fur-ther, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation. H
OWARD UNIVERSITY  For partial support of Howard University, $232,518,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endow-ment Act and shall remain available until expended. C
OLLEGE HOUSING AND ACADEMIC FACILITIES  L
OANS PROGRAM  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facil-ity loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $435,000. H
ISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVER -
SITY CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $313,863,000: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Col-leges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, $10,000,000 shall be made avail-able to provide for the deferment of loans made under part D of title III of the HEA to eligible institutions that are private Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities, which apply for the deferment of such a loan and demonstrate financial need for such deferment by having a score of 2.6 or less on the Department of Education’s financial re-sponsibility test: Provided, That during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1884 March 22, 2018 
period of deferment of such a loan, interest on the loan will not accrue or be capitalized, and the period of deferment shall be for at least a period of 3-fiscal years and not more than 6-fiscal years: Provided further, That when determining priority for such institu-tions to receive such a deferment, the Sec-retary shall give priority to institutions that operated in a financial deficit for at least one of the previous 5 years according to au-dits provided to the Department, or were sanctioned for financial related reasons by the agency or association that accredited such institutions: Provided further, That the Secretary shall create and execute an out-reach plan to work with States and the Cap-ital Financing Advisory Board to improve outreach to States and help additional public Historically Black Colleges and Universities participate in the program. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program en-tered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $334,000. I
NSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES  For carrying out activities authorized by the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $613,462,000, which shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That funds avail-able to carry out section 208 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and sec-ondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided further, That up to $6,000,000 of the funds available to carry out section 208 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organi-zations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels. D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of con-ference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $430,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the Department of Education available for obligation or expend-iture in the current fiscal year may be used for any activity relating to implementing a reorganization that decentralizes, reduces the staffing level, or alters the responsibil-ities, structure, authority, or functionality of the Budget Service of the Department of Education, relative to the organization and operation of the Budget Service as in effect on January 1, 2018. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $117,000,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organiza-tion Act, $61,143,000. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used for the transportation of stu-dents or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to overcome racial imbalance in any school or school system, or for the transportation of students or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to carry out a plan of racial desegrega-tion of any school or school system. SEC. 302. None of the funds contained in this Act shall be used to require, directly or indirectly, the transportation of any student to a school other than the school which is nearest the student’s home, except for a stu-dent requiring special education, to the school offering such special education, in order to comply with title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. For the purpose of this section an indirect requirement of transpor-tation of students includes the transpor-tation of students to carry out a plan involv-ing the reorganization of the grade structure of schools, the pairing of schools, or the clus-tering of schools, or any combination of grade restructuring, pairing, or clustering. The prohibition described in this section does not include the establishment of mag-net schools. S
EC. 303. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and medita-tion in the public schools. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 304. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the De-partment of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority grant-ed by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 305. Section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Com-pact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘2018’’ for ‘‘2017’’. S
EC. 306. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2018, through Sep-tember 30, 2019. S
EC. 307. (a) An institution of higher edu-cation that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2018 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limi-tation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until ti-tles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. S
EC. 308. Section 114(f) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. S
EC. 309. Section 458(a) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)) is amended in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 310. Section 401(b)(7)(A)(iv)(VIII) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(7)(A)(iv)(VIII)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$1,382,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,334,000,000’’. S
EC. 311. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law except as provided under subsection (c), with respect to a local edu-cational agency that was notified by the Sec-retary in fiscal year 2017 of the agency’s eli-gibility to receive a basic support payment pursuant to section 7003(b)(2)(B)(i)(III) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)(B)(i)(III)) for fiscal year 2017 but did not receive a payment under section 7003(b)(2) of such Act for fiscal year 2017, in addition to payments received by the local educational agency under sec-tion 7003(b)(1) of such Act, the Secretary shall reserve from funds appropriated to carry out section 7003(b) of such Act and make payments from such funds to such local educational agency for fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020 in the following amounts: (1) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. (2) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. (3) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (4) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (b) For fiscal year 2017, a local educational agency described in subsection (a) shall not be eligible for a basic support payment pur-suant to section 7003(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)). (c) For fiscal year 2018 and succeeding fis-cal years, if a local educational agency de-scribed in subsection (a) is eligible to receive a basic support payment pursuant to section 7003(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)), the payment received by the local edu-cational agency shall be calculated under section 7003(b)(2) of such Act and not under subsection (a). (d) Section 7003(b)(2)(B) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)(III)— (A) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in item (bb)(BB)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and received assistance for fiscal year 2017 pursuant to subparagraph (G)’’ after ‘‘not less than 65 percent’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(cc) received assistance under subpara-graph (A) of section 8003(b)(2), as such sec-tion was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802), for a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2017;’’; and (2) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(I) F
IRST TIME .—A local educational agen-cy seeking a payment under this paragraph for the first time shall apply for and be de-termined eligible under clause (i) for 2 con-secutive years before receiving such a pay-ment, and shall not receive such a payment for the first year of eligibility. ‘‘(II) R
ESUMPTION OF ELIGIBILITY .—A heav- ily impacted local educational agency de-scribed in clause (i) that becomes ineligible under such clause for 1 or more fiscal years may resume eligibility for a basic support payment under this paragraph for a subse-quent fiscal year only if the agency meets the requirements of clause (i) for that subse-quent fiscal year, except that such agency shall not receive a basic support payment under this paragraph until the fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year for which the eli-gibility determination is made.’’. (e) Section 579(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2145) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019,’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2017 and any succeeding fiscal year,’’. S
EC. 312. For the purpose of providing tem-porary emergency impact aid for displaced students under the Hurricane Education Re-covery heading in title VIII of subdivision 1 of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), paragraph (2)(E) under such heading is amended by inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1885 March 22, 2018 
before the semicolon at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘and each reference to the end of the 2005–2006 school year in section 107(f) of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, shall be to December 31, 2018’’. S
EC. 313. (a) Notwithstanding the limita-tions on sharing data described in paragraph (3)(E) of section 483(a) of the HEA, an insti-tution of higher education may, with explicit written consent of an applicant who has completed a FAFSA under such section 483(a), provide such information collected from the applicant’s FAFSA as is necessary to a scholarship granting organization, in-cluding a tribal organization (defined in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), designated by the applicant to assist the ap-plicant in applying for and receiving finan-cial assistance for the applicant’s cost of at-tendance (defined in section 472 of the HEA) at that institution. (b) An organization that receives informa-tion pursuant to subsection (a) shall not sell or otherwise share such information. (c) This section shall be in effect until title IV of the HEA is reauthorized. S
EC. 314. (a) I NGENERAL .—For the purpose of carrying out section 435(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(2)), the Secretary of Education may waive the requirements under sections 435(a)(5)(A)(i) and 435(a)(5)(A)(ii) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(5)(A)(i) and 20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(5)(A)(ii))— (1) for an institution of higher education that offers an associate degree, is a public in-stitution, and is located in an economically distressed county, defined as a county that ranks in the lowest 5 percent of all counties in the United States based on a national index of county economic status; and (2) for an institution— (A) that is a public institution of higher education or a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1059c)); and (B) whose fall enrollment for the most re-cently completed academic year was com-prised of a majority of students who are In-dian (as defined in such section) or Alaska Natives (as defined in section 317(b) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1059d(b)). (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall apply to an institution of higher education that otherwise would be ineligible to partici-pate in a program under part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 on or after the date of enactment of this Act due to the application of section 435(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(2)). (c) C
OVERAGE .—This section shall be in ef-fect for the period covered by this Act and for the succeeding fiscal year. S
EC. 315. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Education—Federal Direct Student Loan Program Account’’, $350,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the cost, as defined under section 502 of the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974, of the Secretary of Education providing loan cancellation in the same manner as under section 455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), for borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of such Act who would qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) except some, or all, of the 120 required payments under section 455(m)(1)(A) do not qualify for purposes of the program because they were monthly payments made in accordance with graduated or extended repayment plans as described under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 455(d)(1) or the corresponding repay-ment plan for a consolidation loan made under section 455(g) and that were less than the amount calculated under section 455(d)(1)(A), based on a 10-year repayment pe-riod: Provided, That the monthly payment made 12 months before the borrower applied for loan cancellation as described in the matter preceding this proviso and the most recent monthly payment made by the bor-rower at the time of such application were each not less than the monthly amount that would be calculated under, and for which the borrower would otherwise qualify for, clause (i) or (iv) of section 455(m)(1)(A) regarding in-come-based or income-contingent repayment plans, with exception for a borrower who would have otherwise been eligible under this section but demonstrates an unusual fluctuation of income over the past 5 years: Provided further, That the total loan volume, including outstanding principal, fees, cap-italized interest, or accrued interest, at ap-plication that is eligible for such loan can-cellation by such borrowers shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall develop and make available a simple method for borrowers to apply for loan cancellation under this section within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide loan cancellation under this section to eligi-ble borrowers on a first-come, first-serve basis, based on the date of application and subject to both the limitation on total loan volume at application for such loan cancella-tion specified in the second proviso and the availability of appropriations under this sec-tion: Provided further, That no borrower may, for the same service, receive a reduction of loan obligations under both this section and section 428J, 428K, 428L, or 460 of such Act. SEC. 316. Of the amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Student Aid Administration’’, $2,300,000 shall be used by the Secretary of Education to conduct outreach to borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 who may intend to qualify for loan cancellation under 455(m) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), to ensure that borrowers are meeting the terms and conditions of such loan cancellation: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall specifically conduct outreach to assist borrowers who would qualify for loan cancellation under 455(m) of such Act except that the borrower has made some, or all, of the 120 required payments under a repay-ment plan that is not described under sec-tion 455(m)(A) of such Act, to encourage bor-rowers to enroll in a qualifying repayment plan: Provided further, That the Secretary shall also communicate to all Direct Loan borrowers the full requirements of 455(m) of such Act and improve the filing of employ-ment certification by providing improved outreach and information such as outbound calls, electronic communications, ensuring prominent access to program requirements and benefits on each servicer’s website, and creating an option for all borrowers to com-plete the entire payment certification proc-ess electronically and on a centralized website. 
CHILDREN OF FALLEN HEROES SCHOLARSHIP ACT  S
EC. 317. Section 473(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087mm(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in the case of a student who meets the requirement of subparagraph (B)(i)), or academic year 2018–2019 (in the case of a student who meets the requirement of subparagraph (B)(ii)),’’ after ‘‘academic year 2009–2010’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) whose parent or guardian was— ‘‘(i) a member of the Armed Forces of the United States and died as a result of per-forming military service in Iraq or Afghani-stan after September 11, 2001; or ‘‘(ii) actively serving as a public safety of-ficer and died in the line of duty while per-forming as a public safety officer; and’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) ARMED FORCES .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B)(i), and (C) of paragraph (2)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, unless the Secretary establishes an alternate meth-od to adjust the expected family contribu-tion, for each student who meets the require-ments of subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii), and (C) of paragraph (2), a financial aid adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(i) verify with the student that the stu-dent is eligible for the adjustment; ‘‘(ii) adjust the expected family contribu-tion in accordance with this subsection; and ‘‘(iii) notify the Secretary of the adjust-ment and the student’s eligibility for the ad-justment.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF PELL AMOUNT .—Not- withstanding section 1212 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d–1), in the case of a student who receives an increased Federal Pell Grant amount under this section, the total amount of such Federal Pell Grant, including the in-crease under this subsection, shall not be considered in calculating that student’s edu-cational assistance benefits under the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program under sub-part 2 of part L of title I of such Act. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF PUBLIC SAFETY OFFI -
CER.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘public safety officer’ means— ‘‘(A) a public safety officer, as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b); or ‘‘(B) a fire police officer, defined as an indi-vidual who— ‘‘(i) is serving in accordance with State or local law as an officially recognized or des-ignated member of a legally organized public safety agency; ‘‘(ii) is not a law enforcement officer, a firefighter, a chaplain, or a member of a res-cue squad or ambulance crew; and ‘‘(iii) provides scene security or directs traffic— ‘‘(I) in response to any fire drill, fire call, or other fire, rescue, or police emergency; or ‘‘(II) at a planned special event.’’. S
EC. 318. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law funds awarded under part D of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 may be used for the purposes in sec-tion 4407(a)(9) of such Act. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES C
OMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROMPEOPLE WHO A
REBLIND OR SEVERELY DISABLED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $8,250,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any cen-tral nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform contract requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agree-ment with any such central nonprofit agen-cy: Provided further, That such agreement en-tered into under the preceding proviso shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1886 March 22, 2018 
contain such auditing, oversight, and report-ing provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under this head-ing in the explanatory statement accom-panying Public Law 114–113: Provided further, That a fee may not be charged under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regula-tions, unless such fee is under the terms of the written agreement between the Com-mittee and any such central nonprofit agen-cy: Provided further, That no less than $1,250,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. C
ORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  S
ERVICE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (re-ferred to in this title as ‘‘CNCS’’) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1973 Act’’) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1990 Act’’), $767,629,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading: (1) up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle; (2) $17,538,000 shall be available to provide as-sistance to State commissions on national and community service, under section 126(a) of the 1990 Act and notwithstanding section 501(a)(5)(B) of the 1990 Act; (3) $32,000,000 shall be available to carry out subtitle E of the 1990 Act; and (4) $5,400,000 shall be avail-able for expenses authorized under section 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act, which, notwith-standing the provisions of section 198P shall be awarded by CNCS on a competitive basis: Provided further, That for the purposes of car-rying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the re-quirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may in-clude a determination of need by the local community. 
PAYMENT TO THE NATIONAL SERVICE TRUST  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the National Service Trust established under subtitle D of title I of the 1990 Act, $206,842,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That CNCS may transfer additional funds from the amount provided within ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ allo-cated to grants under subtitle C of title I of the 1990 Act to the National Service Trust upon determination that such transfer is necessary to support the activities of na-tional service participants and after notice is transmitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That amounts appropriated for or transferred to the National Service Trust may be invested under section 145(b) of the 1990 Act without regard to the requirement to apportion funds under 31 U.S.C. 1513(b). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109, and not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $83,737,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, $5,750,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2018, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not know-ingly disclose any covered grant selection in-formation regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an of-ficer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. S
EC. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust pro-gram shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall min-imum share requirement as provided in sec-tion 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regu-lations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limita-tions in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and sub-ject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions. S
EC. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under ti-tles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current pro-grams and operations. S
EC. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an edu-cational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individ-uals who are veterans as defined under sec-tion 101 of the Act. S
EC. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered ‘‘qualified entities’’ under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (‘‘NCPA’’); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered ‘‘volunteers’’ under sec-tion 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544. S
EC. 406. Notwithstanding sections 139(b), 146 and 147 of the 1990 Act, an individual who successfully completes a term of service of not less than 1,200 hours during a period of not more than one year may receive a na-tional service education award having a value of 70 percent of the value of a national service education award determined under section 147(a) of the Act. C
ORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  For payment to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (‘‘CPB’’), as authorized by the Communications Act of 1934, an amount which shall be available within limitations specified by that Act, for the fiscal year 2020, $445,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to pay for receptions, parties, or similar forms of entertainment for Government offi-cials or employees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be available or used to aid or support any program or activity from which any person is excluded, or is denied benefits, or is discriminated against, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to apply any political test or qualification in selecting, appointing, promoting, or taking any other personnel action with respect to officers, agents, and employees of CPB: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to support the Television Future Fund or any similar purpose. In addition, for the costs associated with replacing and upgrading the public broad-casting interconnection system and other technologies and services that create infra-structure and efficiencies within the public media system, $20,000,000. FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION  S
ERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Me-diation and Conciliation Service (‘‘Service’’) to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the Labor-Manage-ment Cooperation Act of 1978; and for ex-penses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Serv-ice Reform Act, $46,650,000, including up to $900,000 to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for activities authorized by the Labor-Management Cooperation Act of 1978: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, fees charged, up to full-cost re-covery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and tech-nical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international orga-nizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for edu-cation, training, and professional develop-ment of the agency workforce: Provided fur-ther, That the Director of the Service is au-thorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, per-sonal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director’s jurisdiction. F
EDERAL MINESAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $17,184,000. I
NSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES  
OFFICE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES : 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Mu-seum of African American History and Cul-ture Act, $240,000,000. M
EDICAID AND CHIP P AYMENT AND ACCESS  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 1900 of the Social Security Act, $8,480,000. M
EDICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 1805 of the Social Security Act, $12,545,000, to be transferred to this appro-priation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. N
ATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,250,000. N
ATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the func-tions vested in it by the Labor-Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1887 March 22, 2018 
Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $274,224,000: Provided, That no part of this ap-propriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hear-ings, directives, or orders concerning bar-gaining units composed of agricultural la-borers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor- Management Relations Act, 1947, and as de-fined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employ-ees engaged in the maintenance and oper-ation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and wa-terways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 per-cent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 407. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative di-rective or regulation that would provide em-ployees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collec-tive bargaining. N
ATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, includ-ing emergency boards appointed by the President, $13,800,000. O
CCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, $13,225,000. R
AILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  
DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT  For payment to the Dual Benefits Pay-ments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $22,000,000, which shall include amounts be-coming available in fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the aver-age benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual bene-fits: Provided, That the total amount pro-vided herein shall be credited in 12 approxi-mately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. 
FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO THE RAILROAD  
RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS  For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for inter-est earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board (‘‘Board’’) for administra-tion of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $123,500,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys cred-ited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwith-standing section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Re-tirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013: Provided further, That $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be used to supplement, not sup-plant, existing resources devoted to oper-ations and improvements for the Board’s In-formation Technology Investment Initia-tives. LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR  
GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the In-spector General Act of 1978, not more than $11,000,000, to be derived from the railroad re-tirement accounts and railroad unemploy-ment insurance account. S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as pro-vided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $11,400,000. 
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM  For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92–603, section 212 of Public Law 93–66, as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216, including payment to the Social Secu-rity trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $38,487,277,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $101,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the cur-rent fiscal year, such sums as may be nec-essary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $19,500,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including the hire of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, not more than $12,753,945,000 may be expended, as author-ized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Secu-rity Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,300,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That $280,000,000 shall remain avail-able until expended for information tech-nology modernization, including related hardware and software infrastructure and equipment, and for administrative expenses directly associated with information tech-nology modernization: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for activities to address the disability hearings backlog within the Office of Hearings Operations: Provided fur-ther, That unobligated balances of funds pro-vided under this paragraph at the end of fis-cal year 2018 not needed for fiscal year 2018 shall remain available until expended to in-vest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommuni-cations hardware and software infrastruc-ture, including related equipment and non- payroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Se-curity shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reim- bursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Adminis-tration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131, and for fa-cilities or support services for labor organi-zations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. Of the total amount made available under this heading, not more than $1,735,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2019, is for the costs associated with continuing dis-ability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including work-related continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services dem-onstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the cost as-sociated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of co-operative dis-ability investigation units, and for the cost associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assist-ant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $1,462,000,000 is additional new budget au-thority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expendi-ture of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002. In addition, $118,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per sup-plementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66, which shall remain available until expended. To the extent that the amounts collected pursu-ant to such sections in fiscal year 2018 exceed $118,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2019 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $30,000,000, together with not to exceed $75,500,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 per-cent of the total provided in this appropria-tion may be transferred from the ‘‘Limita-tion on Administrative Expenses’’, Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate at least 15 days in ad-vance of any transfer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1888 March 22, 2018 
TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are au-thorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts cor-responding to current appropriations pro-vided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. S
EC. 502. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for pub-licity or propaganda purposes, for the prepa-ration, distribution, or use of any kit, pam-phlet, booklet, publication, electronic com-munication, radio, television, or video pres-entation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legisla-tive body, except in presentation to the Con-gress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any pro-posed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, ex-cept in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, ap-propriations, regulation, administrative ac-tion, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State govern-ment, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative rela-tionships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative proc-esses within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or pro-motion of gun control. S
EC. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Edu-cation are authorized to make available not to exceed $28,000 and $20,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and ex-penses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation ex-penses; the Director of the Federal Medi-ation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for ‘‘Federal Medi-ation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and represen-tation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for ‘‘National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses’’. S
EC. 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicita-tions and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees re-ceiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal re-search grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by non-governmental sources. SEC. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits cov-erage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term ‘‘health benefits coverage’’ means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pur-suant to a contract or other arrangement. S
EC. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Med-icaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abor-tion coverage or the ability of a State or lo-cality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribu-tion of Medicaid matching funds). (d)(1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or gov-ernment subjects any institutional or indi-vidual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term ‘‘health care entity’’ includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a provider-sponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insur-ance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or em-bryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or know-ingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 289g(b)). (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘human embryo or embryos’’ includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, that is derived by fertiliza-tion, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. S
EC. 509. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances estab-lished under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recog-nized executive-congressional communica-tions. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advan-tage. SEC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual’s capacity as an em-ployer or a health care provider), until legis-lation is enacted specifically approving the standard. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding submission of an annual report to the Sec-retary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most re-cent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. S
EC. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children’s Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications re-quired by paragraph (4) of such section. S
EC. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obliga-tion or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collec-tion of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any func-tions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such re-programming or of an announcement of in-tent relating to such reprogramming, which-ever occurs earlier, and are notified in writ-ing 10 days in advance of such reprogram-ming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or ex-penditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1889 March 22, 2018 
from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activi-ties; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such re-programming or of an announcement of in-tent relating to such reprogramming, which-ever occurs earlier, and are notified in writ-ing 10 days in advance of such reprogram-ming. S
EC. 515. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal sci-entific advisory committee disclose the po-litical affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not di-rectly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate infor-mation that is deliberately false or mis-leading. S
EC. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agen-cy funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allo-cations for fiscal year 2018 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accom-panying detailed table in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) or the fiscal year 2018 budget request. S
EC. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate a report on the num-ber and amount of contracts, grants, and co-operative agreements exceeding $500,000 in value and awarded by the Department on a non-competitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2018, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, includ-ing a justification for issuing the award on a non-competitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. S
EC. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work per-formed under a social security account num-ber that is not the claimant’s number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. S
EC. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Ad-ministration to pay the compensation of em-ployees of the Social Security Administra-tion to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing total-ization arrangements between the social se-curity system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. SEC. 520. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injec-tion of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdic-tion, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injec-tion drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. S
EC. 521. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 522. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act, or any prior Ap-propriations Act, may be provided to the As-sociation of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), or any of its affili-ates, subsidiaries, allied organizations, or successors. S
EC. 523. For purposes of carrying out Ex-ecutive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to con-ference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. S
EC. 524. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or edu-cational purposes, including emails or Inter-net postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and dissemi-nated at U.S. taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the pro-grams and activities of the agency. S
EC. 525. (a) Federal agencies may use Fed-eral discretionary funds that are made avail-able in this Act to carry out up to 10 Per-formance Partnership Pilots. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of sec-tion 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, except that in carrying out such Pilots sec-tion 526 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR2018’’ for ‘‘F ISCAL YEAR2014’’ in the title of subsection (b) and by sub-stituting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ each place it appears: Pro- vided, That such pilots shall include commu-nities that have experienced civil unrest. (b) In addition, Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Per-formance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority pro-vided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of division H of Pub-lic Law 114–113, and section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–31. (c) Pilot sites selected under authorities in this Act and prior appropriations Acts may be granted by relevant agencies up to an ad-ditional 5 years to operate under such au-thorities. SEC. 526. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, the De-partments of Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobli-gated and uncommitted, committed, and ob-ligated but unexpended, the quarterly re-ports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appro-priation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 527. Of any available amounts appro-priated under section 2104(a)(21) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) that are unob-ligated as of September 25, 2018, $3,572,000,000 are hereby rescinded as of such date. S
EC. 528. Amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, shall not be available for obliga-tion in this fiscal year. S
EC. 529. Of the amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund for fis-cal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $1,967,678,000 shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 530. Of the funds made available for purposes of carrying out section 2105(a)(3) of the Social Security Act, $88,613,000 are here-by rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 531. Any unobligated balances of available amounts appropriated under sec-tion 108 of Public Law 111–3, as amended, other than amounts subject to section 210(f) of the Social Security Act, are hereby re-scinded. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION I—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH SENATE E
XPENSE ALLOWANCES  For expense allowances of the Vice Presi-dent, $18,760; the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, $37,520; Majority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Minority Leader of the Sen-ate, $39,920; Majority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Minority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; President Pro Tempore Emeritus, $15,000; Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Con-ference Committees, $4,690 for each Chair-man; and Chairmen of the Majority and Mi-nority Policy Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; in all, $189,840. For representation allowances of the Ma-jority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, $14,070 for each such Leader; in all, $28,140 . S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation of officers, employees, and others as authorized by law, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1890 March 22, 2018 
agency contributions, $194,867,812, which shall be paid from this appropriation as fol-lows: 
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT  For the Office of the Vice President, $2,417,248. 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE  For the Office of the President Pro Tem-pore, $723,466. 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE  
EMERITUS  For the Office of the President Pro Tem-pore Emeritus, $309,000. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY  
LEADERS  For Offices of the Majority and Minority Leaders, $5,255,576. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY WHIPS  For Offices of the Majority and Minority Whips, $3,359,424. 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries of the Committee on Appro-priations, $15,142,000. 
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES  For the Conference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, at rates of com-pensation to be fixed by the Chairman of each such committee, $1,658,000 for each such committee; in all, $3,316,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES OF THE CON -
FERENCE OF THE MAJORITY AND THE CON -
FERENCE OF THE MINORITY  For Offices of the Secretaries of the Con-ference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, $817,402. 
POLICY COMMITTEES  For salaries of the Majority Policy Com-mittee and the Minority Policy Committee, $1,692,905 for each such committee; in all, $3,385,810. 
OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN  For Office of the Chaplain, $436,886. 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For Office of the Secretary, $25,132,000. 
OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS AND  
DOORKEEPER  For Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, $78,565,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES FOR THE  
MAJORITY AND MINORITY  For Offices of the Secretary for the Major-ity and the Secretary for the Minority, $1,810,000. 
AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS AND RELATED  
EXPENSES  For agency contributions for employee benefits, as authorized by law, and related expenses, $54,198,000. O
FFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL OF THE  S
ENATE  For salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the Senate, $6,115,000. O
FFICE OF SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Senate Legal Counsel, $1,147,000. E
XPENSE ALLOWANCES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
THESENATE , SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOOR-
KEEPER OF THE SENATE , AND SECRETARIES  
FOR THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY OF THE  S
ENATE  For expense allowances of the Secretary of the Senate, $7,110; Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Majority of the Senate, $7,110; Sec-retary for the Minority of the Senate, $7,110; in all, $28,440. C
ONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE SENATE  
INQUIRIES AND INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses of inquiries and investiga-tions ordered by the Senate, or conducted under paragraph 1 of rule XXVI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, section 112 of the Supplemental Appropriations and Rescission Act, 1980 (Public Law 96–304), and Senate Resolution 281, 96th Congress, agreed to March 11, 1980, $133,265,000, of which $26,650,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. U.S. SENATE CAUCUS ON INTERNATIONAL  
NARCOTICS CONTROL  For expenses of the United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control, $508,000. 
SECRETARY OF THE SENATE  For expenses of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate, $10,536,000 of which $7,036,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022 and of which $4,100,000 shall remain available until expended. 
SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE  
SENATE  For expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $130,076,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2022. 
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS  For miscellaneous items, $18,870,349 which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
SENATORS ’ OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE  
EXPENSE ACCOUNT  For Senators’ Official Personnel and Office Expense Account, $424,000,000 of which $20,128,950 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
OFFICIAL MAIL COSTS  For expenses necessary for official mail costs of the Senate, $300,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN SENATORS ’ 
OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE  
ACCOUNT TO BE USED FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION  
OR TO REDUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 101. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act under the heading ‘‘SENATE’’ under the heading ‘‘C
ONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE  S
ENATE ’’ under the heading ‘‘ SENATORS ’ OFFI-
CIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE AC -
COUNT ’’ shall be available for obligation only during the fiscal year or fiscal years for which such amounts are made available. Any unexpended balances under such allowances remaining after the end of the period of availability shall be returned to the Treas-ury in accordance with the undesignated paragraph under the center heading ‘‘GEN-ERAL PROVISION’’ under chapter XI of the Third Supplemental Appropriation Act, 1957 (2 U.S.C. 4107) and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for re-ducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers ap-propriate). 
SENATE PROCUREMENTS  S
EC. 102. Section 6102 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) S
ENATE .—Section 6101 of this title does not apply to agreements, contracts or pur-chases by any office of the Senate.’’. 
STUDENT LOAN REPAYMENT FOR EMPLOYEES OF  
DEPARTING SENATORS AND VICE PRESIDENTS  S
EC. 103. (a) Section 102 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2002 (2 U.S.C. 4579) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (7), re-spectively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) DEPARTURE DATE .—The term ‘depar-ture date’ means the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the term of a de-parting Senator or Vice President ends; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the departing Sen-ator or Vice President will retire or resign. ‘‘(2) D
EPARTING SENATOR OR VICE PRESI -
DENT .—The term ‘departing Senator or Vice President’ means a Senator or Vice Presi-dent who will not serve in the next term due to retirement, resignation, a decision to not seek reelection, or a failure to secure reelec-tion.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(B), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘rate of basic pay for an em-ployee for a position at ES-1’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘rate of basic pay pay-able for a position at level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘1-year’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) D
EPARTING SENATORS AND VICE PRESI -
DENTS .—After the date that is 1 year before the departure date of a departing Senator or Vice President, the departing Senator or Vice President may enter into a service agreement under this section with an eligi-ble employee of the office of the Senator or Vice President (including an eligible em-ployee who has completed a required period of employment under a previous service agreement) that includes a required period of employment that— ‘‘(i) is less than 1 year; and ‘‘(ii) shall end on the last day of the last full pay period ending on or before the depar-ture date of the departing Senator or Vice President.’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘under subsection (f)(7).’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the agreement is terminated as pro-vided under subsection (f)(7)(A); or ‘‘(D) the employee separates from service with the office of a departing Senator or Vice President.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing a required period of employment de-scribed in subsection (c)(1)(B))’’ after ‘‘re-quired period of employment’’; and (5) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) C
HANGE IN PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) R
EDUCTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the terms of a service agreement under this sec-tion, the head of an employing office may re-duce the amount of student loan payments made under the agreement if adequate funds are not available to such office. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE .—If the head of an employing office decides to reduce the amount of stu-dent loan payments to an eligible employee under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the employing office shall concur-rently notify the eligible employee and the Secretary of the Senate of the reduction; and ‘‘(II) not later than 30 days after the date of the concurrent notice, the eligible em-ployee may terminate the service agree-ment. ‘‘(B) I
NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the terms of a service agreement under this sec-tion, the head of an employing office, with the consent of an eligible employee, may in-crease the amount of student loan payments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1891 March 22, 2018 
made under the agreement with the eligible employee, if— ‘‘(i) the office has adequate funds available for the purpose of agreements under this sec-tion; ‘‘(ii) the amount of the increased payment does not exceed the limitations under this section; and ‘‘(iii) the total amount of the loan pay-ments to be made (including such increase) during the remainder of the required period of employment does not exceed the amount of student loan indebtedness of the eligible employee as of the date of the increase.’’. (b) The amendments made by this section shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to a service agreement under sec-tion 102 of the Legislative Branch Appropria-tions Act, 2002 (2 U.S.C. 4579) that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act or en-tered into on or after the date of enactment of this Act. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,200,000,766, as follows: H
OUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the Speaker, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for offi-cial expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, including $10,000 for official ex-penses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2018 until January 2, 2019. M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  I
NCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  E
XPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, including Members’ clerk hire, official ex-penses, and official mail, $562,632,498. C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  S
TANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing com-mittees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $127,053,373: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018, except that $3,150,200 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room upgrading. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, $23,226,000, includ-ing studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accord-ance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be avail-able for reimbursement to agencies for serv-ices performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018. S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $204,356,000, including: for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Histo-rian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception ex-penses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $27,945,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Ser-geant at Arms, including the position of Su-perintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $20,505,000 of which $6,696,000 shall remain available until ex-pended; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer in-cluding not more than $3,000 for official rep-resentation and reception expenses, $132,865,000, of which $2,108,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,968,000; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of General Counsel, $1,492,000; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representa-tion and reception expenses, $2,037,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,209,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,937,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized employees, $584,000. ALLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $260,454,004, in-cluding: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,000; offi-cial mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $233,040,004, to remain available until March 31, 2019; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,273,000, to remain available until ex-pended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,750,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,670,000; and mis-cellaneous items including purchase, ex-change, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of de-ceased employees of the House, $720,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN MEMBERS ’ 
REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES TO BE USED  
FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR TO REDUCE THE  
FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES—S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES — M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2018. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2018 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such pay-ments have been made, for reducing the Fed-eral debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Rep-resentatives shall have authority to pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) un-less the Member requests a copy. DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress). 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  S
EC. 113. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Admin-istrative Officer of the House of Representa-tives to make any payments from any Mem-bers’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile dis-trict offices, in an aggregate amount that ex-ceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  S
EC. 114. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide an aggre-gate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  S
EC. 115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representa-tives Administrative Reform Technical Cor-rections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress). 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  S
EC. 116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver to the of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives (including a Delegate or Resident Com-missioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Rep-resentatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL PICTORIAL  
DIRECTORY  S
EC. 117. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Direc-tory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
AMENDING THE HOUSE SERVICES REVOLVING  
FUND  S
EC. 118. (a) C OLLECTION OF CERTAIN SERV-
ICEFEES.—Section 105(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5545(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) The collection of a service fee from vendors of the Master Web Services Agree-ment or the Technology Services Contract for failure to abide by and maintain House of Representatives security policies.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS  S
EC. 119. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon completion of the sec-ond fiscal year which begins after the end of the period during which amounts appro-priated under any of the items under the heading ‘‘House of Representatives, Salaries and Expenses’’ are available for obligation or expenditure, any such amounts which re-main unobligated and unexpended shall be transferred to the heading ‘‘House of Rep-resentatives, Salaries and Expenses, Allow-ances and Expenses’’ and shall be available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1892 March 22, 2018 
until expended for purposes of House of Rep-resentatives Business Continuity and Dis-aster Recovery. (b) Subsection (a) does not apply to amounts appropriated under the heading ‘‘House of Representatives, Salaries and Ex-penses, Members’ Representational Allow-ances’’. (c) The Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives shall notify the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives prior to the obligation or expenditure of any amounts transferred under subsection (a). (d) This section shall apply with respect to amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2018 or any succeeding fiscal year. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Committee on Taxation, $11,169,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and con-tingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his as-sistants, including: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 as-sistants and $580 per month each not to ex-ceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,780,000 for reimbursement to the De-partment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or appropriations from which such salaries, allowances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,838,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  S
ERVICES  S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,444,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. CAPITOL POLICE S
ALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, profes-sional liability insurance, and other applica-ble employee benefits, $351,700,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $45,000,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. G
ENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Po-lice, including motor vehicles, communica-tions and other equipment, security equip-ment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical serv-ices, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the em-ployee assistance program, the awards pro-gram, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $74,800,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2018 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $4,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than $500 may be expended on the certification of the Exec-utive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for op-eration of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be ex-pended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connec-tion with official representation and recep-tion expenses, $49,945,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
CONTRACTING PARITY  S
EC. 130. In fiscal year 2018 and thereafter, for all contracts for goods and services to which the Congressional Budget Office is a party, the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses will apply: FAR 52.232–39 and FAR 52.233–4. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL C
APITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Cap-itol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary ex-penses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and ac-tivities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facili-ties under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and of-fice equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be expended as the Archi-tect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $93,478,000. C
APITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $45,300,000, of which $19,458,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. C
APITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and im-provement of grounds surrounding the Cap-itol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $13,333,000, of which $3,195,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. S
ENATE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of Senate office buildings; and furniture and furnishings to be expended under the control and super-vision of the Architect of the Capitol, $101,614,000, of which $38,937,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. HOUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $197,294,000, of which $73,130,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building. In addition, for a payment to the House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. C
APITOL POWER PLANT  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (in-cluding the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not sup-plied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heat-ing and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Sta-tion complex, the Thurgood Marshall Fed-eral Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon re-quest of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropria-tion, $106,694,000, of which $28,057,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this ap-propriation as herein provided shall be avail-able for obligation during fiscal year 2018. L
IBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechan-ical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $74,873,000, of which $47,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  S
ECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever lo-cated, the Alternate Computing Facility, and Architect of the Capitol security oper-ations, $34,249,000, of which $13,300,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. B
OTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a pas-senger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $13,800,000, of which $3,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. C
APITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the oper-ation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $21,470,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1893 March 22, 2018 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND  
SCHEDULE OR OVER BUDGET  S
EC. 140. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award pay-ments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is be-hind schedule or over budget, unless the Ar-chitect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such devi-ations are due to unforeseeable events, gov-ernment-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  S
EC. 141. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for scrims con-taining photographs of building facades dur-ing restoration or construction projects per-formed by the Architect of the Capitol. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, in-cluding development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special cloth-ing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uni-forms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and main-tenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $477,017,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2018 and shall remain available until ex-pended for the development and maintenance of an international legal information data-base and activities related thereto: Provided, That the Library of Congress may not obli-gate or expend any funds derived from col-lections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in ex-cess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Pro- vided further, That the total amount avail-able for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with of-ficial representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, $8,653,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the digital collections and edu-cational curricula program: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $1,300,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, $10,000,000 is provided to enhance public ex-hibits and visitor services at the Library; of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020 for planning, including de-veloping direct and indirect cost estimates in conjunction with the Architect of the Cap-itol; and of which $8,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, may be obligated and expended only upon written approval by the Chair and ranking minority member of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and by the Chair and ranking minority member of the Sub-committee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, following review of a project budget jus-tification and cost estimate. COPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copy-right Office, $72,011,000, of which not more than $35,218,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018 under section 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Provided, That the Copy-right Office may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropria-tions Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,087,000 shall be derived from collec-tions during fiscal year 2018 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be re-duced by the amount by which collections are less than $41,305,000: Provided further, That $2,260,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated balances: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the mainte-nance of an ‘‘International Copyright Insti-tute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training na-tionals of developing countries in intellec-tual property laws and policies: Provided fur-ther, That not more than $6,500 may be ex-pended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses for ac-tivities of the International Copyright Insti-tute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and payments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the ad-ministration of the Copyright Royalty Judges program, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copy-right Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitu-tion of the United States of America, $119,279,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or ex-pense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publi-cation has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate: Provided further, That this prohibi-tion does not apply to publication of non- confidential Congressional Research Service (CRS) products: Provided further, That a non- confidential CRS product includes any writ-ten product containing research or analysis that is currently available for general con-gressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet, or that would be made available on the CRS Congressional Intranet in the nor-mal course of business and does not include material prepared in response to Congres-sional requests for confidential analysis or research. BOOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  H
ANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $51,498,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handi-capped residents at no cost to the individual. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND  
ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 150. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2018, the obligational authority of the Li-brary of Congress for the activities described in subsection (b) may not exceed $190,642,000. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and re-volving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Li-brary in appropriations Acts for the legisla-tive branch. 
REVOLVING FUNDS UPDATE  S
EC. 151. The Library of Congress Fiscal Operations Improvement Act of 2000 (2 U.S.C. 182a et seq.; Public Law 106–481) is amended— (1) in section 102 (2 U.S.C. 182b)— (A) in the section heading, by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘Revolving fund for sales shop and other services’’; and (B) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Training.’’; and (2) in section 103(f)(1) (2 U.S.C. 182c(f)(1)), by inserting ‘‘tribal governments (as defined in 40 U.S.C. 502(c)(2)(B))’’ after ‘‘Federal Gov-ernment,’’. 
GIFTS  S
EC. 152. The first undesignated paragraph of section 4 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to create a Library of Congress Trust Fund Board, and for other purposes’’, approved March 3, 1925 (2 U.S.C. 160), is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘of money for immediate disbursement’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, of the following: (1) nonpersonal services; (2) voluntary and uncompensated personal services not to exceed $10,000 per person, per year in value; and (3) gifts or be-quests of money for immediate disburse-ment.’’; and (2) by adding the following sentence at the end of the first paragraph: ‘‘The Librarian shall make an annual public report regarding gifts accepted under this section.’’. 
APPLICATION OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNT -
ABILITY ACT OF 1995 TO THE LIBRARY OF CON -
GRESS ; ELECTION OF PROCEEDING  S
EC. 153. (a) A PPLICATION OF CONGRES -
SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 TO THE  L
IBRARY OF CONGRESS .— (1) A
PPLICATION THROUGH DEFINITIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Con-gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301) is amended— (i) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) the Library of Congress, except for section 220.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (9)— (I) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the Library of Congress, except for section 220.’’. (B) P
UBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA -
TIONS .—Section 210(a) of the Congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1894 March 22, 2018 
Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (10), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) the Library of Congress.’’. (C) L
ABOR -MANAGEMENT REGULATIONS .— Section 220(a) of the Congressional Account-ability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1351(a)) is amend-ed— (i) in paragraph (2), in the paragraph head-ing, by striking ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—’’ and in- serting ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—’’ ; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘covered employee’ does not include an employee of the Library of Con-gress, and the term ‘employing office’ does not include the Library of Congress.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO ACT .—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 204(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1314(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’ each place it appears; (B) in section 205(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1315(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’ each place it appears; (C) in section 206(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1316(a)(2))— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’; (D) in section 215(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1341(a)(2))— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, the Library of Congress,’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’; and (E) in section 415(a) (2 U.S.C. 1415(a))— (i) by striking the comma after ‘‘General Accounting Office’’ and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, or the Library of Con-gress’’. (b) E
LECTION OF PROCEEDING .— (1) P
ROCEDURE .—Section 401(3) of the Con-gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401(3)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘either’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of an Library claimant (as defined in section 404(a)), a proceeding de-scribed in section 404(b)(3) that relates to the violation at issue.’’. (2) E
LECTION .—Section 404 of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1404) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Not’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
LECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INI-
TIALLY BROUGHT UNDER THISACT.—Not’’; and (B) by inserting after the section heading the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provi-sion of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, 203, or 210. ‘‘(2) D
IRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relat-ing to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a li-brary claimant. ‘‘(3) L
IBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Li-brary claimant’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to a direct provision (other than a provision described in subpara-graph (B)), an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provi-sion, and ‘‘(B) with respect to a direct provision that applies the rights or protections of title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12131 et seq., 12181 et seq.), an individual who is eligible to provide services for or receive services from the Library of Congress and who is covered by that provi-sion.’’; (C) in subsection (b), as added by subpara-graph (A) of this paragraph— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may either’’ and inserting ‘‘who initially requested counseling and mediation under this title may elect to’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and ‘‘(3) in the case of a Library claimant, bring the claim, complaint, or charge that is brought for a proceeding before the cor-responding Federal agency, under the cor-responding direct provision.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) ELECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INI-
TIALLY BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS  
ORLABOR LAW.—A library claimant who ini-tially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding be-fore a Federal agency may, prior to request-ing a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(1) bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant, ‘‘(2) file a complaint with the Office in ac-cordance with section 405, or ‘‘(3) file a civil action in accordance with section 408 in the United States district court for the district in which the employee is employed or for the District of Colum-bia.’’. (c) P
ROSPECTIVE APPLICABILITY .—This sec- tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion— (1) shall take effect on the date of enact-ment of this section; and (2) shall apply to any charge, complaint, or claim, that is made on or after the date of enactment of this section, of a violation of— (A) section 201, 202, 203, 207, or 210 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311 et seq.); or (B) a direct provision as defined in section 404(a) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1404) (as added by sub-section (b)). 
EQUAL ACCESS TO CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH  
SERVICE REPORTS  S
EC. 154. (a) D EFINITIONS .— (1) CRS 
PRODUCT .—In this section, the term ‘‘CRS product’’ means any final written work product of CRS containing research or analysis in any format that is available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet. (2) CRS 
REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘CRS Report’’ means any written CRS prod-uct, including an update to a previous writ-ten CRS product, consisting of— (i) a Congressional Research Service Re-port; or (ii) a Congressional Research Service Au-thorization of Appropriations Product and Appropriations Product, which is available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘CRS Report’’ does not include— (i) any CRS product that is determined by the CRS Director to be a confidential prod-uct or service because it was prepared in re-sponse to a congressional request or requests for confidential analysis or research and is not available for general congressional ac-cess on the CRS Congressional Intranet; (ii) any Congressional Research Service Report or any Congressional Research Serv-ice Authorization of Appropriations Product and Appropriations Product reported or pro-duced before the effective date of this Act which, as of such effective date, is not avail-able for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet; or (iii) a written CRS product that has been made available by CRS for publication on a public website maintained by the GPO Direc-tor (other than the Website) or the Library of Congress. (3) OTHER DEFINITIONS .—In this section— (A) the term ‘‘CRS’’ means the Congres-sional Research Service; (B) the term ‘‘CRS Congressional Intranet’’ means the Website maintained by CRS at www.crs.gov, or a successor website, for the purpose of providing to Members and em-ployees of Congress access to information from CRS; (C) the term ‘‘CRS Director’’ means the Di-rector of CRS; (D) the term ‘‘Librarian of Congress’’ means the Librarian of Congress appointed pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 136–1; (E) the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’ in-cludes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to Congress; and (F) the term ‘‘Website’’ means the website established and maintained under subsection (b). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CRS R EPORTS THROUGH  L
IBRARY OF CONGRESS WEBSITE .— (1) W
EBSITE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE .— The Librarian of Congress, in consultation with the CRS Director, shall establish and maintain a public website containing CRS Reports and an index of all CRS Reports con-tained on the website, in accordance with this subsection. (B) F
ORMAT .—On the Website, CRS Reports shall be searchable, sortable, and downloadable, including downloadable in bulk. (C) F
REE ACCESS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Librarian of Con-gress may not charge a fee for access to the Website. (2) U
PDATES ; DISCLAIMER .—The Librarian of Congress, in consultation with the CRS Di-rector, shall ensure that the Website— (A) is updated contemporaneously, auto-matically, and electronically to include each new or updated CRS Report released on or after the effective date of this section; (B) shows the status of each CRS Report as new, updated, or archived; and (C) displays the following statement in ref-erence to the CRS Reports included on the Website: ‘‘These documents were prepared by the Congressional Research Service (CRS). CRS serves as nonpartisan shared staff to congressional committees and Members of Congress. It operates solely at the behest of and under the direction of Congress. Infor-mation in a CRS Report should not be relied upon for purposes other than public under-standing of information that has been pro-vided by CRS to Members of Congress in con-nection with CRS’s institutional role. CRS Reports, as a work of the United States Gov-ernment, are not subject to copyright pro-tection in the United States. Any CRS Re-port may be reproduced and distributed in its entirety without permission from CRS. However, as a CRS Report may include copy-righted images or material from a third party, you may need to obtain the permis-sion of the copyright holder if you wish to copy or otherwise use copyrighted mate-rial.’’. (3) F
URNISHING OF NECESSARY INFORMATION  
AND TECHNOLOGY .—The CRS Director shall consult with and provide assistance to the Librarian of Congress to ensure— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1895 March 22, 2018 
(A) that the Librarian of Congress is pro-vided with all of the information necessary to carry out this section, including all of the information described in clauses (i) through (iv) of subsection (c)(1)(A), in such format and manner as the Librarian of Congress considers appropriate; and (B) that CRS makes available any informa-tion and assistance as may be necessary to facilitate the contemporaneous, automatic, and electronic provision of CRS Reports to the Librarian of Congress as required under this section. (4) N
ONEXCLUSIVITY .—The Librarian of Con-gress may publish other information on the Website. (5) A
LTERNATIVE TECHNIQUES .—The Librar-ian of Congress and the CRS Director may use additional techniques to make CRS Re-ports available to the public, if such tech-niques are consistent with this section and any other applicable laws. (6) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The CRS Di-rector is encouraged to make additional CRS products that are not confidential products or services available to the Librarian of Con-gress for publication on the Website, and the Librarian of Congress is encouraged to pub-lish such CRS products on the Website. (7) E
XPANSION OF CONTENTS OF ANNUAL RE -
PORT TO CONGRESS TO INCLUDE INFORMATION  
ON EFFORTS TO MAKE ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS  
AVAILABLE ON WEBSITE .—Section 203(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166(i)) is amended by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, and shall include in the report a descrip-tion of the efforts made by the Director to make additional Congressional Research Service products that are not confidential products or services available to the Librar-ian of Congress for publication on the website established and maintained under section 124 of the Legislative Branch Appro-priations Act, 2018.’’. (c) W
EBSITE CONTENTS .— (1) S
PECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR REPORTS  
POSTED ON WEBSITE .— (A) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF LIBRARIAN OF CON -
GRESS .—With respect to each CRS Report in-cluded on the Website, the Librarian of Con-gress shall include— (i) the name and identification number of the CRS Report; (ii) an indication as to whether the CRS Report is new, updated, or archived; (iii) the date of release of the CRS Report; and (iv) any other information the Librarian of Congress, in consultation with the CRS Di-rector, considers appropriate. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF CRS DIRECTOR .— With respect to each CRS Report included on the Website, the CRS Director shall, prior to transmitting the Report to the Librarian of Congress— (i) at the discretion of the CRS Director, remove the name of and any contact infor-mation for any employee of CRS; and (ii) include in the CRS Report the fol-lowing written statement: ‘‘This document was prepared by the Congressional Research Service (CRS). CRS serves as nonpartisan shared staff to congressional committees and Members of Congress. It operates solely at the behest of and under the direction of Con-gress. Information in a CRS Report should not be relied upon for purposes other than public understanding of information that has been provided by CRS to Members of Con-gress in connection with CRS’s institutional role. CRS Reports, as a work of the United States Government, are not subject to copy-right protection in the United States. Any CRS Report may be reproduced and distrib-uted in its entirety without permission from CRS. However, as this CRS Report may in-clude copyrighted images or material from a third party, you may need to obtain the per-mission of the copyright holder if you wish to copy or otherwise use copyrighted mate-rial.’’. (2) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR INDEX ON  
WEBSITE .—The Librarian of Congress shall ensure that the index of all CRS Reports published on the Website is— (A) comprehensive; (B) contemporaneously updated; (C) searchable; (D) sortable; (E) maintained in a human-readable for-mat; (F) maintained in a structured data for-mat; (G) downloadable; and (H) inclusive of each item of information described in paragraph (1)(A) with respect to each CRS Report. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO DUTIES OF  CRS.—Section 203(d) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (7); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (8) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) to comply with the requirements of, and provide information and technological assistance consistent with, section 124 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018.’’. (e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) N
O EFFECT ON SPEECH OR DEBATE  
CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section may be con-strued to diminish, qualify, condition, waive, or otherwise affect the applicability of clause 1 of section 6 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States (commonly known as the ‘‘Speech or Debate Clause’’) or any other privilege available to Congress or Members, offices, or employees of Congress with respect to any CRS Report made avail-able online under this section. (2) C
ONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed to waive the requirement that any confidential communication by CRS to a Member, office, or committee of Congress shall remain under the custody and control of Congress and may be released only by Congress and its Houses, Members, offices, and committees, in accord-ance with the rules and privileges of each House and the requirements of this section. (3) D
ISSEMINATION OF CRS PRODUCTS .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed to limit or otherwise affect the ability of a Member, office, or committee of Congress to dissemi-nate CRS products on a website of the Mem-ber, office, or committee or to otherwise pro-vide CRS products to the public, including as part of constituent service activities. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2)(C), this section and the amend-ments made by this section shall take effect 90 days after the date on which the Librarian of Congress submits the certification de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B). (2) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION AND TECH -
NOLOGY .— (A) CRS 
DEADLINE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the CRS Director shall provide the Librarian of Congress with the information necessary for the Librarian of Congress to begin the initial operation of the Website. (B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Upon provision of the information described in subparagraph (A), the Librarian of Congress shall submit to Congress a certification that the CRS Direc-tor has provided the information necessary for the Librarian of Congress to begin the initial operation of the Website. (C) TECHNICAL DELAYS .—In the event of technical difficulties encountered in plan-ning or implementing the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section, upon providing a detailed report submitted by the Librarian of Congress or the CRS Director to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House and the Senate de-tailing the nature of the technical difficul-ties and the timeline for resolving such tech-nical difficulties, the effective date estab-lished by subsection (f)(1) shall be extended for up to 90 additional days. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of congres-sional information in any format; publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Con-gress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the re-cipient, $79,528,000: Provided, That this appro-priation shall not be available for paper cop-ies of the permanent edition of the Congres-sional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates au-thorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this ap-propriation shall be available for the pay-ment of obligations incurred under the ap-propriations for similar purposes for pre-ceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2-year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27-month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publica-tion is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Busi-ness Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further, That notwith-standing sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congres-sional Record on only a monthly and session basis. P
UBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  S
UPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information pro-grams of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cata-loging and indexing of Government publica-tions and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as author-ized by law, $29,000,000: Provided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congres-sional serial sets and other related publica-tions for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 to deposi-tory and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1896 March 22, 2018 
Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  O
PERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $8,540,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for information technology develop-ment and facilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby au-thorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accord-ance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Pub-lishing Office in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses: Provided further, That the Business Operations Re-volving Fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided further, That ex- penditures in connection with travel ex-penses of the advisory councils to the Direc-tor of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the Business Oper-ations Revolving Fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further, That activities financed through the Business Operations Revolving Fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the Business Operations Re-volving Fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at Government Publishing Office’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Accountability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Comptroller General of the United States in connection with official representation and reception expenses; tem-porary or intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the For-eign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign countries, $578,916,653: Provided, That of this amount $10,000,000 is provided for informa-tion technology investments and building fa-cility projects to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That, in ad-dition, $23,800,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available with-out fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other de-partment or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, includ-ing necessary travel expenses of non-Federal participants: Provided further, That pay-ments hereunder to the Forum may be cred-ited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially fi-nanced: Provided further, That this appropria-tion shall be available to transfer amounts to the Department of the Army for the con-struction of an Army facility at Redstone Arsenal for the sole, unlimited use of GAO: Provided further, That hereafter, amounts ap-propriated for the salaries and expenses of the Government Accountability Office shall be available to transfer to the Department of the Army for the maintenance of such facil-ity. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leader-ship Center Trust Fund for financing activi-ties of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made avail-able to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free mar-ket development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  S
EC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emer-gency assistance and cleaning as may be pro-vided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Adminis-tration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  S
EC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond fiscal year 2018 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  S
EC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of com-pensation or designation of any office or po-sition appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the perma-nent law with respect thereto. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. COSTS OF LBFMC  S
EC. 205. Amounts available for adminis-trative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appro-priate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all participating legislative branch entities (in such alloca-tions among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  S
EC. 207. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds made available to the Architect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate, unless through regulations as authorized by section 402(b)(8) of the Capitol Visitor Center Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2242(b)(8)). (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns described in subsection (a) may be suspended temporarily or otherwise sub-ject to restriction for security or related rea-sons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION J—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Army as cur-rently authorized by law, including per-sonnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for con-struction and operation of facilities in sup-port of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $923,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $101,470,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, archi-tect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1897 March 22, 2018 
and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, includ-ing personnel in the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command and other personal serv-ices necessary for the purposes of this appro-priation, $1,553,275,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $219,069,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,543,558,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $97,852,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently author-ized by law, $2,811,513,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $210,717,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional de-fense committees on the construction timeline and obligations for the Poland Aegis Ashore complex. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $220,652,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,271,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army Na-tional Guard determines that additional ob-ligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determina-tion and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions there-for, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construc-tion Authorization Acts, $171,491,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,000,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Di-rector of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $83,712,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $6,887,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the re-serve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Con-struction Authorization Acts, $95,271,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $24,430,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Mili-tary Construction Authorization Acts, $73,535,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,725,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Re-serve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, the Chief of the Air Force Reserve shall take immediate action to address unfunded mili-tary construction requirements for access control points and security issues at Air Force Reserve facilities. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program for the acquisi-tion and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related ex-penses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by sec-tion 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of De-fense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $310,000,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $182,662,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That none of the funds provided under this heading for family housing construction may be ex-pended for family housing improvements on Kwajalein Atoll until the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that the new housing units rep-resent the best value to the taxpayer and that no reasonable alternatives exist at a lower cost. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, includ-ing debt payment, leasing, minor construc-tion, principal and interest charges, and in-surance premiums, as authorized by law, $348,907,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, in-cluding acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as au-thorized by law, $83,682,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leas-ing, minor construction, principal and inter-est charges, and insurance premiums, as au-thorized by law, $328,282,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $85,062,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, in-cluding debt payment, leasing, minor con-struction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $318,324,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments) for operation and maintenance, leas-ing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $59,169,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  F
AMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $2,726,000, to re-main available until expended, for family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1898 March 22, 2018 
housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and sup-porting facilities. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  M
ILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund, $623,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives un-dertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting fa-cilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of De-fense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, for the con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are cer-tified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construc-tion of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 per-cent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Fed-eral court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the At-torney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except hous-ing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activ-ity for which American steel producers, fab-ricators, and manufacturers have been de-nied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military con-struction or family housing during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new in-stallation overseas without prior notifica-tion to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North At-lantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a for-eign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and respon-sible bid of a United States contractor ex-ceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese con-tractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Commit-tees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construc-tion, either temporary or permanent, are an-ticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction au-thorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law dur-ing the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or fam-ily housing projects that are being com-pleted with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated super-vision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appro-priated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notifica-tion, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the De-partment of Defense Family Housing Im-provement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ ac-counts, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction of military unac-companied housing in ‘‘Military Construc-tion’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appro-priations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guaran-tees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, mili-tary unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of De-fense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Home-owners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts trans-ferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all fam-ily housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any gen-eral or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notifica-tion provided in an electronic medium pursu-ant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded sole-ly due to costs associated with environ-mental remediation that could not be rea-sonably anticipated at the time of the budg-et submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quar-ters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the pur-poses specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to sub-section (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the De-partment of Defense for military construc-tion and family housing operation and main-tenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making au-thorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobli-gated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. S
EC. 122. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1899 March 22, 2018 
the Army to relocate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employ-ees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed ex-ceeds 10 percent of the total number of mem-bers of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or other-wise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military con-struction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Finan-cial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to re-main available until September 30, 2022: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $93,800,000, of which $25,000,000 is for planning and de-sign; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $202,130,000, of which $25,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $138,100,000, of which $25,000,000 is for plan-ning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $113,500,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $52,000,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $76,000,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Re-serve’’, $64,100,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military depart-ment’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2018 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authoriza-tion prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided fur-ther, That not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, or his or her des-ignee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 126. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts in the amounts specified: ‘‘NATO Security Investment Program’’, $25,000,000; and ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Army’’, $18,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. SEC. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 129. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relo-cate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment required to con-solidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detail-ing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the Committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or re-location yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. S
EC. 130. All amounts appropriated to ‘‘De-partment of Defense—Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’ pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403 of Public Law 115–91, as specified for fiscal year 2018 in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the full scope of authorized projects. S
EC. 131. For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, for the De-fense Access Road Program, $20,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That amounts made available under this sec-tion may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives a detailed ex-penditure plan 30 days after enactment of this Act. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot pro-gram for disability examinations as author-ized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Pro-gram for Survivors, emergency and other of-ficers’ retirement pay, adjusted-service cred-its and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $95,768,462,000, to re-main available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That not to exceed $17,882,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2019 under this head-ing shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ for necessary expenses in imple-menting the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropria-tion: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the fund-ing of individual medical facilities for nurs-ing home care provided to pensioners as au-thorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and reha-bilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $11,832,175,000, to remain avail-able until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and as-sistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indem-nities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as au-thorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $121,529,000, to remain available until expended, of which $109,090,000 shall become available on Octo-ber 1, 2018. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by sub-chapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2018, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $178,626,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $30,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obli-gations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,356,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan pro-gram, $395,000, which may be paid to the ap-propriation for ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sub-chapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1900 March 22, 2018 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not other-wise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the Gen-eral Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the De-partment of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,910,000,000: Provided, That expenses for services and assistance author-ized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent fea-sible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily liv-ing, shall be charged to this account: Pro- vided further, That, of the funds made avail-able under this heading, not to exceed 10 per-cent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repay-ments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), monthly assistance allowances authorized by section 322(d) of title 38, United States Code, grants author-ized by section 521A of title 38, United States Code, and administrative expenses necessary to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,962,984,000, which shall be in addition to funds pre-viously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $49,161,165,000, plus reimburse-ments, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for vet-erans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Vet-erans Health Administration facilities to en-rolled veterans with privately written pre-scriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no addi-tional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that suffi-cient amounts appropriated under this head-ing for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifically for female veterans. MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non- Department facilities, $419,176,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously ap-propriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $8,384,704,000, plus reimbursements, shall be-come available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administra-tion of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and re-search activities, as authorized by law; ad-ministrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for col-lecting and recovering amounts owed the De-partment as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $100,000,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $7,239,156,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the mainte-nance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other nec-essary facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project manage-ment, real property acquisition and disposi-tion, construction, and renovation of any fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improv-ing, or providing facilities in the several hos-pitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of tem-porary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry serv-ices; $707,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $5,914,288,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $722,262,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic re-search specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the juris-diction of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration, $306,193,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not other-wise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide cap-ital planning, management and policy activi-ties, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $335,891,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $161,048,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental informa-tion systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of informa-tion technology systems, including manage-ment and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,055,500,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,230,320,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $2,496,650,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That $328,530,000 shall be for informa-tion technology systems development, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That amounts made available for information technology sys-tems development may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That amounts made avail-able for salaries and expenses, operations and maintenance, and information tech-nology systems development may be trans-ferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro- vided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be in-creased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1901 March 22, 2018 
Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided fur-ther, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology sys-tems development shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
VETERANS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD  For activities related to implementation, preparation, development, interface, man-agement, rollout, and maintenance of a Vet-erans Electronic Health Record system, in-cluding contractual costs associated with op-erations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and salaries and ex-penses of employees hired under titles 5 and 38, United States Code, $782,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports detailing obligations, expenditures, and de-ployment implementation by facility: Pro- vided further, That the funds provided in this account shall only be available to the Office of the Deputy Secretary, to be administered by that Office. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $164,000,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architec-tural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guar-antee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construc-tion costs, and site acquisition, where the es-timated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a pre-vious major project appropriation, $512,430,000, of which $432,430,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $80,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assess-ments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset man-agement related activities, including port-folio development and management activi-ties, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associ-ated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting offi-cers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the pur-chase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this head-ing shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budg-etary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint reso-lution, or in the explanatory statement ac-companying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2018, for each ap-proved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2018; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Pro- vided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $117,300,000 for Veterans Health Administration major con-struction projects shall not be available until the Department of Veterans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for any Veterans Health Administration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by providing full project management services, including management of the project design, acquisition, construction, and contract changes, consistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agree-ment is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost overruns and provides a copy of the agreement entered into and any required supplementary information to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital invest-ments, architectural and engineering serv-ices, maintenance or guarantee period serv-ices costs associated with equipment guaran-tees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $342,570,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or dam-age caused by any natural disaster or catas-trophe; and (2) temporary measures nec-essary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF  
STATE EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domi-ciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for fur-nishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $110,000,000, to remain available until expended. GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal orga-nizations in establishing, expanding, or im-proving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned ap-propriations: Provided, That, before a trans-fer may take place, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall request from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount ap-propriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notifica-tion from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and pur-pose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro- vided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be avail-able for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construc-tion, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the con-struction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or ex-amination of any persons (except bene-ficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1902 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obli-gations of corresponding prior year appro-priations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pen-sions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2018 that are available for dividends in that pro-gram after claims have been paid and actu-arially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of ad-ministration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accu-mulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such sur-plus earnings: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall determine the cost of adminis-tration for fiscal year 2018 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from en-hanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that ac-count during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obli-gated during the fiscal year in which the pro-ceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication, the Office of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection, and the Office of Diversity and Inclusion for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Management, $3,932,000 for the Office of Employment Dis-crimination Complaint Adjudication, $17,620,000 for the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and $2,973,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion: Pro- vided, That payments may be made in ad-vance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. S
EC. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such dis-closure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or serv-ices provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (includ-ing disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisi-tion and disposition), alterations, and im-provements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including be-havioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to com-ply with all appropriate rules and regula-tions, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the pur-poses of these accounts. S
EC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a min-imum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quar-terly reporting’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fis-cal year 2018 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-count: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, be- fore a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, up to $297,137,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 222 of title II of division A of Public Law 114–223 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 220. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2018, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $306,378,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical fa-cilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1903 March 22, 2018 
Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as de-scribed by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That, notwithstanding sec-tion 1704(b)(3) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), amounts trans-ferred to the Joint Department of Defense— Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Com-munity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Com-pliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a min-imum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 223. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equip-ment. S
EC. 224. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, which-ever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract iden-tifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obli-gation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. S
EC. 225. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope spec-ified for that project in the original jus-tification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 226. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing per-formance measures and data from each Vet-erans Benefits Administration Regional Of-fice: Provided, That, at a minimum, the re-port shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims back-log’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying Public Law 114–223: Provided fur-ther, That the report shall also include infor-mation on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quar-terly basis. S
EC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organiza-tional changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one or-ganizational unit of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to another. SEC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discre-tionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2018 in this title (except appro-priations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ account) or any discretionary unobli-gated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appro-priated for fiscal year 2018, that were pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts: Pro- vided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such au-thority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided fur-ther, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion and shall be available for the same pur-poses as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 230. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Ap-peals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. S
EC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such in-stance of reprogramming will exceed $7,000,000, unless such reprogramming is ap-proved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 232. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that pro-hibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appointing an individual to occupy a vacant civil service position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a posi-tion relating to the hotline specified in sub-section (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memorandum, or other action by the Presi-dent; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other di-rective. SEC. 233. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domicil-iaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare serv-ices at existing Veterans Health Administra-tion medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a re-port including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realign-ment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services Network (VISN), including an up-dated Long Range Capital Plan to imple-ment realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with his-toric designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realign-ment requirements: Provided, That, this pro-vision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. S
EC. 234. Section 8109(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) notwithstanding subsection (a) of sec-tion 1344 of title 31, may use a passenger car-rier (as such term is defined in subsection (h)(1) of such section) to transport such an employee between a parking facility and the medical facility of the Department at which the employee works.’’. S
EC. 235. None of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended in contravention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administration Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Vet-erans Health Administration’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Veterans Health Ad-ministration National Center for Health Pro-motion and Disease Prevention. S
EC. 236. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1904 March 22, 2018 
or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service-connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproduc-tive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the sub-ject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Se-verely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits avail-able to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memo-randum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limita-tion on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-re-lated expenses for an adoption that is final-ized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimbursement program of the De-partment of Defense, as authorized in De-partment of Defense Instruction 1341.09, in-cluding the reimbursement limits and re-quirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the pur-poses specified in subsection (a) of this sec-tion are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31). 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 237. Of the unobligated balance of funds made available in the sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Veterans Health Administration— Medical Services’’ in title II of Division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), $751,000,000 is hereby re-scinded. S
EC. 238. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is in-consistent with: (1) section 842 of the Trans-portation, Treasury, Housing and Urban De-velopment, the Judiciary, the District of Co-lumbia, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 239. Section 842 of Public Law 109–115 shall not apply to conversion of an activity or function of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Veterans Benefits Administration, or National Cemetery Administration to contractor performance by a business con-cern that is at least 51 percent owned by one or more Indian tribes as defined in section 5304(e) of title 25, United States Code, or one or more Native Hawaiian Organizations as defined in section 637(a)(15) of title 15, United States Code. SEC. 240. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Labor, shall discontinue using Social Security account numbers to identify individuals in all infor-mation systems of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs as follows: (1) For all veterans submitting to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs new claims for benefits under laws administered by the Sec-retary, not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) For all individuals not described in paragraph (1), not later than 8 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use a Social Security account number to identify an individual in an information sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs if and only if the use of such number is re-quired to obtain information the Secretary requires from an information system that is not under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. S
EC. 241. For funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, section 239 of Division A of Public Law 114– 223 shall apply. S
EC. 242. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or other-wise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 243. (a) Of the unobligated balance of funds made available through September 30, 2018, under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ in division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76), $10,000,000 is hereby rescinded. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Con-struction, Major Projects’’, $10,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2023. (c) Of the unobligated balance of funds made available through September 30, 2019, under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ in division I of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), $410,000,000 is here-by rescinded. (d) For an additional amount for ‘‘Con-struction, Major Projects’’, $410,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2024. S
EC. 244. Of the funds provided to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for each of fis-cal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111– 163, notwithstanding subsection (e) of such section. S
EC. 245. (a) Section 204(c) of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Health Care Pro-grams Enhancement Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–135; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The pro-gram’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The program shall be carried out at not fewer than two medical centers or clinics in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than December 31, 2019, and at not fewer than 50 percent of all medical cen-ters in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than December 31, 2021.’’. (b)(1) Paragraph (6) of section 1701 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) Chiropractic services.’’. (2) Paragraph (8) of such section is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘chiropractic,’’ after ‘‘coun-seling,’’. (3) Paragraph (9) of such section is amend-ed— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (K) as subparagraphs (G) through (L), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph (F): ‘‘(F) chiropractic examinations and serv-ices;’’. SEC. 246. (a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to provide educational assist-ance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—An individual is eligible to participate in the pilot program if the individual— (1) has medical or military health experi-ence gained while serving as a member of the Armed Forces; (2) has received a certificate, associate de-gree, baccalaureate degree, master’s degree, or postbaccalaureate training in a science relating to health care; or (3) has participated in the delivery of healthcare services or related medical serv-ices, including participation in military training relating to the identification, eval-uation, treatment, and prevention of dis-eases and disorders. (c) D
URATION .—The pilot program shall be carried out during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) The Secretary shall select eligible indi-viduals under subsection (b) to participate in the pilot program. (2) In selecting individuals to participate in the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to individuals who agree to be employed as a physician as-sistant for the Veterans Health Administra-tion at a medical facility of the Department located in a community that— (A) is designated as a medically under-served population under section 330(b)(3)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(b)(3)(A)); and (B) is in a State with a per capita popu-lation of veterans of more than 5 percent ac-cording to the National Center for Veterans Analysis and Statistics and the United States Census Bureau. (e) E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall provide educational assistance to individuals participating in the pilot program, including through the use of scholarships, to cover the costs to such individuals of obtaining a mas-ter’s degree in physician assistant studies or a similar master’s degree. (f) P
ERIOD OF OBLIGATED SERVICE .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with each individual participating in the pilot program in which such individual agrees to be employed as a physician assistant for the Veterans Health Administration for a period of obligated service to be determined by the Secretary. (g) B
REACH .—An individual who partici-pates in the pilot program and fails to sat-isfy the period of obligated service under subsection (f) shall be liable to the United States, in lieu of such obligated service, for the amount that has been paid or is payable to or on behalf of the individual under the pilot program, reduced by the proportion that the number of days served for comple-tion of the period of obligated service bears to the total number of days in the period of obligated service of such individual. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1905 March 22, 2018 
(h) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of Labor, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress a report on the pilot program’s ef-fectiveness of helping to meet the shortage of physician assistants employed by the De-partment. S
EC. 247. For funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, section 248 of Division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. S
EC. 248. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may use amounts appropriated or oth-erwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time em-ployment equivalents within any program of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the pro-grams of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, in-cluding— (1) an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program. S
EC. 249. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolv-ing a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohib-ited from disclosure by Federal law or re-quired by Executive Order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. S
EC. 250. For funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, section 258 of Division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2402(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(10) Any individual— ‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) was naturalized pursuant to section 2(1) of the Hmong Veterans’ Naturalization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–207; 8 U.S.C. 1423 note); and ‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death resided in the United States.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an individual dying on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 252. The Secretary may carry out a 2- year pilot program making grants to non-profit veterans services organizations recog-nized by the Secretary in accordance with section 5902 of title 38, United States Code, to upgrade, through construction and repair, VSO community facilities into health and wellness centers and to promote and expand complementary and integrative wellness pro-grams: Provided, That no single grant may exceed a total of $500,000: Provided further, That the Secretary may not provide more than 20 grants during the 2-year pilot pro-gram: Provided further, That the recipient of a grant under this section may not use the grant to purchase real estate or to carry out repair of facilities leased by the recipient or to construct facilities on property leased by the recipient: Provided further, That the Sec-retary ensures that the grant recipients use grant funds to construct or repair facilities located in at least 10 different geographic lo-cations in economically depressed areas or areas designated as highly rural that are not in close proximity to Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical centers: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, on the grant program established under this section. SEC. 253. None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act for ‘‘Grants for Con-struction of State Extended Care Facilities’’ may be used to award grants for applications included in priority one of the priority list for the first time which have been assigned a higher priority ranking for fiscal year 2018 than unfunded applications which met the eligibility requirements defined in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, in fis-cal year 2017 and continue to meet those re-quirements in fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the Secretary may award grants for new ap-plications in fiscal year 2018 for projects that did not meet eligibility requirements defined in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, in fiscal year 2017 only after applica-tions which met priority one eligibility re-quirements in fiscal year 2017 and continue to meet those requirements defined in sec-tion 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, have been funded: Provided further, That nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary from assigning a higher priority ranking or funding a grant application to correct conditions that threaten the life or safety of patients which meet the criteria laid out in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 254. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to conduct research using canines un-less: the scientific objectives of the study can only be met by research with canines; the study has been directly approved by the Secretary; and the study is consistent with the revised Department of Veterans Affairs canine research policy document released on December 18, 2017: Provided, That not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed report outlining under what circumstances canine research may be needed if there are no other alternatives, how often it was used during that time pe-riod, and what protocols are in place to de-termine both the safety and efficacy of the research. S
EC. 255. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $2,000,000,000 to remain available until expended, for infra-structure improvements, including new con-struction, and in addition to amounts other-wise made available in this act for such pur-pose, of which: (1) $1,000,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Facilities’’ to be used for non-recurring maintenance; (2) $425,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Construction, Minor Projects’’; and, (3) $575,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Grants for Construction of State Extended Care Facilities’’; Provided, That the additional amounts appro-priated for the purposes of non-recurring maintenance and minor construction may be used to carry out critical life-safety projects identified in the Department’s annual facil-ity condition assessments; sustainment projects; modernization projects; infrastruc-ture repair; renovations at existing Veterans Health Administration medical centers and outpatient clinics; and projects included in the Strategic Capital Investment Process plan: Provided further, That the additional amounts appropriated under this section may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees ap-prove, a detailed expenditure plan, including project descriptions and costs, for any non- recurring maintenance, minor construction or State extended care facility project being funded with the additional amounts made available in this administrative provision. SEC. 256. Subsection (d) of section 504 of the Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–275; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note), as amended, is further amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Expenses of car-rying out the pilot program under this sec-tion, including payments for pilot program examination travel and incidental expenses under the terms and conditions set forth by 38 U.S.C. 111, shall be reimbursed to the ac-counts available for the general operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration and information technology systems from amounts available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for payment of compensa-tion and pensions.’’. S
EC. 257. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to charge a veteran a fee for a veterans identification card pursu-ant to section 5706(c) of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 258. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1712I. Mental and behavioral health care for certain former members of the Armed Forces ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall fur-nish to former members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) an initial mental health assessment; and ‘‘(2) the mental healthcare or behavioral healthcare services authorized under this chapter that are required to treat the mental or behavioral health care needs of the former service members, including risk of suicide or harming others. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—A former member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is an individual who— ‘‘(1) is a former member of the Armed Forces, including the reserve components; ‘‘(2) while serving in the active military, naval, or air service, was discharged or re-leased therefrom under a condition that is not honorable but not— ‘‘(A) a dishonorable discharge; or ‘‘(B) a discharge by court-martial; ‘‘(3) is not otherwise eligible to enroll in the health care system established by sec-tion 1705 of this title; and ‘‘(4)(A)(i) served in the Armed Forces for a period of more than 100 cumulative days; and ‘‘(ii) was deployed in a theater of combat operations, in support of a contingency oper-ation, or in an area at a time during which hostilities are occurring in that area during such service, including by controlling an un-manned aerial vehicle from a location other than such theater or area; or ‘‘(B) while serving in the Armed Forces, was the victim of a physical assault of a sex-ual nature, a battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment (as defined in section 1720D(f) of this title). ‘‘(c) N
ON-DEPARTMENT CARE.—(1) In fur-nishing mental or behavioral health care services to an individual under this section, the Secretary may provide such mental or behavioral health care services at a non-De-partment facility if— ‘‘(A) in the judgment of a mental health professional employed by the Department, the receipt of mental or behavioral health care services by that individual in facilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1906 March 22, 2018 
of the Department would be clinically inad-visable; or ‘‘(B) facilities of the Department are not capable of furnishing such mental or behav-ioral health care services to that individual economically because of geographical inac-cessibility. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall carry out para-graph (1) pursuant to section 1703 of this title or any other provision of law author-izing the Secretary to enter into contracts or agreements to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans at non-Depart-ment facilities. ‘‘(d) S
ETTING AND REFERRALS .—In fur- nishing mental and behavioral health care services to individuals under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) seek to ensure that such services are furnished in settings that are therapeuti-cally appropriate, taking into account the circumstances that resulted in the need for such services; and ‘‘(2) provide referral services to assist former members who are not eligible for services under this chapter to obtain services from sources outside the Department. ‘‘(e) I
NFORMATION .—The Secretary shall provide information on the mental and be-havioral health care services available under this section. Efforts by the Secretary to pro-vide such information— ‘‘(1) shall include notification of each eligi-ble individual described in subsection (b) about the eligibility of the individual for covered mental and behavioral health care under this section not later than the later of— ‘‘(A) 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018; or ‘‘(B) 180 days after the date on which the individual was discharged or released from the active military, naval, or air service; ‘‘(2) shall include availability of a toll-free telephone number (commonly referred to as an 800 number); ‘‘(3) shall ensure that information about the mental health care services available under this section— ‘‘(A) is revised and updated as appropriate; ‘‘(B) is made available and visibly posted at appropriate facilities of the Department; and ‘‘(C) is made available to State veteran agencies and through appropriate public in-formation services; and ‘‘(4) shall include coordination with the Secretary of Defense seeking to ensure that members of the Armed Forces and individ-uals who are being separated from active military, naval, or air service are provided appropriate information about programs, re-quirements, and procedures for applying for mental health care services under this sec-tion. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—(1) Not less fre-quently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the mental and behavioral health care services provided under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under para-graph (1) shall include, with respect to the year preceding the submittal of the report, the following: ‘‘(A) The number of eligible individuals who were furnished mental or behavioral health care services under this section, disaggregated by the number of men who re-ceived such services and the number of women who received such services. ‘‘(B) The number of individuals who re-quested an initial mental health assessment under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(C) Such other information as the Sec-retary considers appropriate.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1720H the following new item: ‘‘1720I. Mental and behavioral health care for certain former members of the Armed Forces.’’. S
EC. 259. (a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5303A the following new section: ‘‘§ 5303B. Character of service determinations ‘‘(a) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall establish a process by which an individual who served in the Armed Forces and was dis-charged or dismissed therefrom may seek a determination from the Secretary with re-spect to whether such discharge or release was under a condition that bars the right of such individual to a benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary based upon the period of service from which discharged or dismissed. ‘‘(b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (a) that an individual is barred to a benefit under the laws administered by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall provide to such individual information regarding the ability of the individual to address such condition, including pursuant to section 5303 of this title and chapter 79 of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5303A the following new item: ‘‘5303B. Character of service determina-tions.’’. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
MERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign coun-tries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monu-ments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $42,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $79,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $33,600,000: Provided, That, of the amount, up to $800,000 may be transferred to the General Services Administration for planning and de-sign of a courthouse, to include a feasibility study: Provided further, That $2,580,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing fi-nancial assistance as described and in ac-cordance with the process and reporting pro-cedures set forth under this heading in Pub-lic Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Air-men’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $2,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $80,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. In addition, such sums as may be nec-essary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for planning and design and construction at Arlington Na-tional Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, $167,000,000, to re-main available until expended, for planning and design and construction associated with the Southern Expansion project at Arlington National Cemetery. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Washington, District of Co-lumbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, mak-ing additional land available for ground bur-ials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the spe-cial account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $146,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $33,248,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022, for projects outside of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1907 March 22, 2018 
United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’ $546,352,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $24,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. S
EC. 402. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of Defense is di-rected to provide the congressional defense committees a future years defense program for funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for construction projects related to European Reassurance Initiative and Euro-pean Deterrence Initiative beginning in fis-cal year 2018 and each subsequent fiscal year that funding is requested for either initia-tive. Further, the Secretary of Defense is di-rected to submit the future years defense program with each fiscal year budget sub-mission. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authori-ties and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E– Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all re-ports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies of the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or pro-gram named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner of the United States House of Rep-resentatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or pro-prietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a con-tract for goods or services, including con-struction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to lease or purchase new light duty ve-hicles for any executive fleet, or for an agen-cy’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the pur-poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION K—DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND RELATED AGENCY DEPARTMENT OF STATE ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Department of State and the Foreign Service not other-wise provided for, $5,744,440,000, of which up to $654,553,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $1,380,752,000 may remain available until ex-pended for Worldwide Security Protection: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be allocated in accordance with paragraphs (1) through (4) as follows: (1) H
UMAN RESOURCES .—For necessary ex-penses for training, human resources man-agement, and salaries, including employ-ment without regard to civil service and classification laws of persons on a temporary basis (not to exceed $700,000), as authorized by section 801 of the United States Informa-tion and Educational Exchange Act of 1948, $2,770,673,000, of which up to $476,879,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection. (2) O
VERSEAS PROGRAMS .—For necessary expenses for the regional bureaus of the De-partment of State and overseas activities as authorized by law, $1,253,799,000. (3) D
IPLOMATIC POLICY AND SUPPORT .—For necessary expenses for the functional bu-reaus of the Department of State, including representation to certain international orga-nizations in which the United States partici-pates pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate or specific Acts of Congress, general adminis-tration, and arms control, nonproliferation and disarmament activities as authorized, $794,561,000. (4) S
ECURITY PROGRAMS .—For necessary ex-penses for security activities, $925,407,000, of which up to $903,873,000 is for Worldwide Se-curity Protection. (5) F
EES AND PAYMENTS COLLECTED .—In ad- dition to amounts otherwise made available under this heading— (A) as authorized by section 810 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act, not to exceed $5,000,000, to re-main available until expended, may be cred-ited to this appropriation from fees or other payments received from English teaching, li-brary, motion pictures, and publication pro-grams and from fees from educational advis-ing and counseling and exchange visitor pro-grams; and (B) not to exceed $15,000, which shall be de-rived from reimbursements, surcharges, and fees for use of Blair House facilities. (6) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS , REPROGRAMMING , 
AND OTHER MATTERS .— (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds may be reprogrammed within and between paragraphs (1) through (4) under this heading subject to section 7015 of this Act. (B) Of the amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $10,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Con-sular Service’’, to be available only for emer-gency evacuations and rewards, as author-ized. (C) Funds appropriated under this heading are available for acquisition by exchange or purchase of passenger motor vehicles as au-thorized by law and, pursuant to section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1908 March 22, 2018 
1108(g) of title 31, United States Code, for the field examination of programs and activities in the United States funded from any ac-count contained in this title. (D) Funds appropriated under this heading that are designated for Worldwide Security Protection shall continue to be made avail-able for support of security-related training at sites in existence prior to the enactment of this Act. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Capital In-vestment Fund, as authorized, $103,400,000, to remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $77,629,000, notwithstanding section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1)), as it relates to post inspections: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $11,644,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE  
PROGRAMS  For expenses of educational and cultural exchange programs, as authorized, $646,143,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not less than $240,000,000 shall be for the Fulbright Program and not less than $111,360,000 shall be for Citizen Ex-change Program, including $4,125,000 for the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange: Pro- vided, That fees or other payments received from, or in connection with, English teach-ing, educational advising and counseling pro-grams, and exchange visitor programs as au-thorized may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That a portion of the Fulbright awards from the Eurasia and Central Asia re-gions shall be designated as Edmund S. Muskie Fellowships, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Pro- vided further, That any substantive modifica-tions from the prior fiscal year to programs funded by this Act under this heading shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. 
REPRESENTATION EXPENSES  For representation expenses as authorized, $8,030,000. 
PROTECTION OF FOREIGN MISSIONS AND  
OFFICIALS  For expenses, not otherwise provided, to enable the Secretary of State to provide for extraordinary protective services, as author-ized, $30,890,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EMBASSY SECURITY , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for carrying out the Foreign Service Buildings Act of 1926 (22 U.S.C. 292 et seq.), preserving, maintaining, repairing, and planning for buildings that are owned or directly leased by the Depart-ment of State, renovating, in addition to funds otherwise available, the Harry S Tru-man Building, and carrying out the Diplo-matic Security Construction Program as au-thorized, $765,459,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $25,000 may be used for domestic and overseas rep-resentation expenses as authorized: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be available for acquisition of furniture, furnishings, or generators for other departments and agencies of the United States Government. In addition, for the costs of worldwide se-curity upgrades, acquisition, and construc-tion as authorized, $1,477,237,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the pro-posed allocation of funds made available under this heading and the actual and antici-pated proceeds of sales for all projects in fis-cal year 2018. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For necessary expenses to enable the Sec-retary of State to meet unforeseen emer-gencies arising in the Diplomatic and Con-sular Service, as authorized, $7,885,000, to re-main available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’, subject to the same terms and conditions. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $1,300,000, as authorized: Provided, That such costs, includ-ing the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of di-rect loans not to exceed $2,440,856. 
PAYMENT TO THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN  
TAIWAN  For necessary expenses to carry out the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), $31,963,000. 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER , WASHINGTON , 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  Not to exceed $1,806,600 shall be derived from fees collected from other executive agencies for lease or use of facilities at the International Center in accordance with sec-tion 4 of the International Center Act (Pub-lic Law 90–553), and, in addition, as author-ized by section 5 of such Act, $743,000, to be derived from the reserve authorized by such section, to be used for the purposes set out in that section. 
PAYMENT TO THE FOREIGN SERVICE  
RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY FUND  For payment to the Foreign Service Re-tirement and Disability Fund, as authorized, $158,900,000. I
NTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  
CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL  
ORGANIZATIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, to meet annual obligations of membership in international multilateral or-ganizations, pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate, conventions, or specific Acts of Con-gress, $1,371,168,000: Provided, That the Sec-retary of State shall, at the time of the sub-mission of the President’s budget to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, transmit to the Committees on Appropriations the most recent biennial budget prepared by the United Nations for the operations of the United Nations: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of State shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions at least 15 days in advance (or in an emergency, as far in advance as is prac-ticable) of any United Nations action to in-crease funding for any United Nations pro-gram without identifying an offsetting de-crease elsewhere in the United Nations budg-et: Provided further, That not later than June 1, 2018, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, in-cluding from the United Nations Tax Equali-zation Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 assessment costs in-cluding offsets from available credits and up-dated foreign currency exchange rates: Pro-vided further, That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to the United Nations regular budget, and the Committees on Appropria-tions shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, includ-ing any payment of arrearages: Provided fur-ther, That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an esti-mate of all known credits currently attrib-utable to the United States and provide up-dated assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages under this heading shall be directed to activities that are mutually agreed upon by the United States and the respective international orga-nization and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for a United States contribution to an international orga-nization for the United States share of inter-est costs made known to the United States Government by such organization for loans incurred on or after October 1, 1984, through external borrowings. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES  For necessary expenses to pay assessed and other expenses of international peacekeeping activities directed to the maintenance or restoration of international peace and secu-rity, $414,624,000, of which 15 percent shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be obligated or expended for any new or expanded United Nations peace-keeping mission unless, at least 15 days in advance of voting for such mission in the United Nations Security Council (or in an emergency as far in advance as is prac-ticable), the Committees on Appropriations are notified of: (1) the estimated cost and du-ration of the mission, the objectives of the mission, the national interest that will be served, and the exit strategy; and (2) the sources of funds, including any reprogrammings or transfers, that will be used to pay the cost of the new or expanded mission, and the estimated cost in future fis-cal years: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for obligation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations on a peacekeeping mission-by-mission basis that the United Nations is implementing effective policies and procedures to prevent United Nations employees, contractor personnel, and peacekeeping troops serving in such mis-sion from trafficking in persons, exploiting victims of trafficking, or committing acts of sexual exploitation and abuse or other viola-tions of human rights, and to bring to justice individuals who engage in such acts while participating in such mission, including prosecution in their home countries and making information about such prosecutions publicly available on the Web site of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and foreign governments contributing peacekeeping troops to imple-ment effective vetting procedures to ensure that such troops have not violated human rights: Provided further, That funds shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1909 March 22, 2018 
available for peacekeeping expenses unless the Secretary of State determines that United States manufacturers and suppliers are not being given opportunities to provide equipment, services, and material for United Nations peacekeeping activities equal to those being given to foreign manufacturers and suppliers: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be used for any United Nations peacekeeping mission that will involve United States Armed Forces under the command or operational control of a foreign national, unless the President’s military advisors have submitted to the President a recommendation that such involvement is in the national interest of the United States and the President has submitted to Congress such a recommenda-tion: Provided further, That not later than June 1, 2018, and 30 days after the end of fis-cal year 2018, the Secretary of State shall re-port to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, including those resulting from United Nations peacekeeping missions or the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 assessment costs including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to United Nations peacekeeping missions, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any pay-ment of arrearages: Provided further, That any notification regarding funds appro-priated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an esti-mate of all known credits currently attrib-utable to the United States and provide up-dated assessment costs, including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages with funds appro-priated by this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and members of the United Nations Security Council to evaluate and prioritize peacekeeping missions, and to consider a draw down when mission goals have been substantially achieved. I
NTERNATIONAL COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, to meet obligations of the United States arising under treaties, or specific Acts of Congress, as follows: 
INTERNATIONAL BOUNDARY AND WATER  
COMMISSION , UNITED STATES AND MEXICO  For necessary expenses for the United States Section of the International Bound-ary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico, and to comply with laws appli-cable to the United States Section, including not to exceed $6,000 for representation ex-penses; as follows: 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses, not otherwise provided for, $48,134,000. 
CONSTRUCTION  For detailed plan preparation and con-struction of authorized projects, $29,400,000, to remain available until expended, as au-thorized. 
AMERICAN SECTIONS , INTERNATIONAL  
COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided, for the International Joint Commis-sion and the International Boundary Com-mission, United States and Canada, as au-thorized by treaties between the United States and Canada or Great Britain, and the Border Environment Cooperation Commis-sion as authorized by the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 103–182), $13,258,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Joint Commis-sion, up to $500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, and $9,000 may be made available for representation expenses. INTERNATIONAL FISHERIES COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses for international fisheries commissions, not otherwise pro-vided for, as authorized by law, $46,356,000: Provided, That the United States share of such expenses may be advanced to the re-spective commissions pursuant to section 3324 of title 31, United States Code. RELATED AGENCY B
ROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS  
INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to enable the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), as authorized, to carry out international com-munication activities, and to make and su-pervise grants for radio, Internet, and tele-vision broadcasting to the Middle East, $797,986,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts otherwise available for such pur-poses, up to $34,508,000 of the amount appro-priated under this heading may remain available until expended for satellite trans-missions and Internet freedom programs, of which not less than $13,800,000 shall be for Internet freedom programs: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $35,000 may be used for representation expenses, of which $10,000 may be used for such expenses within the United States as authorized, and not to exceed $30,000 may be used for representation expenses of Radio Free Europe/Radio Lib-erty: Provided further, That the BBG shall notify the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of any determination by the BBG that any of its broadcast entities, in-cluding its grantee organizations, provides an open platform for international terrorists or those who support international ter-rorism, or is in violation of the principles and standards set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of section 303 of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6202) or the entity’s journalistic code of ethics: Provided further, That significant modifications to BBG broadcast hours pre-viously justified to Congress, including changes to transmission platforms (short-wave, medium wave, satellite, Internet, and television), for all BBG language services shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That in addition to funds made available under this heading, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, up to $5,000,000 in receipts from advertising and revenue from business ventures, up to $500,000 in receipts from cooperating inter-national organizations, and up to $1,000,000 in receipts from privatization efforts of the Voice of America and the International Broadcasting Bureau, shall remain available until expended for carrying out authorized purposes. 
BROADCASTING CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS  For the purchase, rent, construction, re-pair, preservation, and improvement of fa-cilities for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception; the purchase, rent, and installation of necessary equip-ment for radio, television, and digital trans-mission and reception, including to Cuba, as authorized; and physical security worldwide, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, $9,700,000, to remain avail-able until expended, as authorized. RELATED PROGRAMS THEASIAFOUNDATION  For a grant to The Asia Foundation, as au-thorized by The Asia Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 4402), $17,000,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES INSTITUTE OF PEACE  For necessary expenses of the United States Institute of Peace, as authorized by the United States Institute of Peace Act (22 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.), $37,884,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall not be used for construction activities. C
ENTER FOR MIDDLE EASTERN -WESTERN  D
IALOGUE TRUST FUND For necessary expenses of the Center for Middle Eastern-Western Dialogue Trust Fund, as authorized by section 633 of the De-partments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2004 (22 U.S.C. 2078), the total amount of the interest and earnings accruing to such Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended. E
ISENHOWER EXCHANGE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of Eisenhower Ex-change Fellowships, Incorporated, as author-ized by sections 4 and 5 of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Act of 1990 (20 U.S.C. 5204–5205), all interest and earnings accruing to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Pro-gram Trust Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That none of the funds appropriated herein shall be used to pay any salary or other compensation, or to enter into any contract providing for the payment thereof, in excess of the rate authorized by section 5376 of title 5, United States Code; or for pur-poses which are not in accordance with sec-tion 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Reg-ulations, including the restrictions on com-pensation for personal services. I
SRAELI ARABSCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of the Israeli Arab Scholarship Program, as authorized by sec-tion 214 of the Foreign Relations Authoriza-tion Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 2452 note), all interest and earnings accruing to the Israeli Arab Scholarship Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain avail-able until expended. E
AST-WESTCENTER  To enable the Secretary of State to provide for carrying out the provisions of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Be-tween East and West Act of 1960, by grant to the Center for Cultural and Technical Inter-change Between East and West in the State of Hawaii, $16,700,000. N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR DEMOCRACY  For grants made by the Department of State to the National Endowment for De-mocracy, as authorized by the National En-dowment for Democracy Act (22 U.S.C. 4412), $170,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $117,500,000 shall be allo-cated in the traditional and customary man-ner, including for the core institutes, and $52,500,000 shall be for democracy programs. OTHER COMMISSIONS C
OMMISSION FOR THE PRESERVATION OF  A
MERICA ’SHERITAGE ABROAD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Commission for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad, $675,000, as authorized by chapter 3123 of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That the Commission may procure tem-porary, intermittent, and other services not-withstanding paragraph (3) of section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1910 March 22, 2018 
312304(b) of such chapter: Provided further, That such authority shall terminate on Oc-tober 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Com-mission shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations prior to exercising such author-ity. U
NITED STATES COMMISSION ON  I
NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom (USCIRF), as authorized by title II of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431 et seq.), $4,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses: Provided, That prior to the obligation of $1,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading, the Commission shall consult with the ap-propriate congressional committees on the steps taken to implement the recommenda-tions of the Independent Review of USCIRF Mission Effectiveness that was conducted pursuant to the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom Reau-thorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–71), and such funds shall be subject to the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. C
OMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN  E
UROPE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, as authorized by Public Law 94–304 (22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), $2,579,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019. C
ONGRESSIONAL -EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON  
THEPEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF CHINA 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Congres-sional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China, as authorized by title III of the U.S.-China Relations Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.), $2,000,000, including not more than $3,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019. U
NITED STATES -CHINA ECONOMIC AND  S
ECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission, as authorized by section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), $3,500,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the authorities, requirements, limitations, and conditions contained in the second through sixth provisos under this heading in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018 and shall apply to funds appro-priated under this heading as if included in this Act. TITLE II UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $1,189,609,000, of which up to $178,441,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading and under the heading ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in this title may be made available to finance the construction (including architect and engineering services), purchase, or long- term lease of offices for use by the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, unless the USAID Administrator has identified such proposed use of funds in a re-port submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations at least 15 days prior to the obliga-tion of funds for such purposes: Provided fur-ther, That contracts or agreements entered into with funds appropriated under this heading may entail commitments for the ex-penditure of such funds through the fol-lowing fiscal year: Provided further, That the authority of sections 610 and 109 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 may be exercised by the Secretary of State to transfer funds appropriated to carry out chapter 1 of part I of such Act to ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in ac-cordance with the provisions of those sec-tions: Provided further, That of the funds ap-propriated or made available under this heading, not to exceed $250,000 may be avail-able for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses, and not to exceed $100,500 shall be for official res-idence expenses, for USAID during the cur-rent fiscal year. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For necessary expenses for overseas con-struction and related costs, and for the pro-curement and enhancement of information technology and related capital investments, pursuant to section 667 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, $197,100,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That this amount is in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available subject to the regular noti-fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $72,800,000, of which up to $10,920,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, for the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. TITLE III BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  For necessary expenses to enable the Presi-dent to carry out the provisions of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, and for other purposes, as follows: 
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapters 1 and 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, for global health activities, in addition to funds other-wise available for such purposes, $3,020,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, and which shall be appor-tioned directly to the United States Agency for International Development: Provided, That this amount shall be made available for training, equipment, and technical assist-ance to build the capacity of public health institutions and organizations in developing countries, and for such activities as: (1) child survival and maternal health programs; (2) immunization and oral rehydration pro-grams; (3) other health, nutrition, water and sanitation programs which directly address the needs of mothers and children, and re-lated education programs; (4) assistance for children displaced or orphaned by causes other than AIDS; (5) programs for the pre-vention, treatment, control of, and research on HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, polio, malaria, and other infectious diseases including ne-glected tropical diseases, and for assistance to communities severely affected by HIV/ AIDS, including children infected or affected by AIDS; (6) disaster preparedness training for health crises; (7) programs to prevent, prepare for, and respond to, unanticipated and emerging global health threats; and (8) family planning/reproductive health: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available for a United States contribution to the GAVI Alli-ance: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act nor any unobli-gated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be made available to any organiza-tion or program which, as determined by the President of the United States, supports or participates in the management of a pro-gram of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization: Provided further, That any de-termination made under the previous proviso must be made not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and must be accompanied by the evidence and criteria utilized to make the determination: Provided further, That none of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used to pay for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions: Provided fur-ther, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion: Provided fur-ther, That in order to reduce reliance on abortion in developing nations, funds shall be available only to voluntary family plan-ning projects which offer, either directly or through referral to, or information about ac-cess to, a broad range of family planning methods and services, and that any such vol-untary family planning project shall meet the following requirements: (1) service pro-viders or referral agents in the project shall not implement or be subject to quotas, or other numerical targets, of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning (this provision shall not be con-strued to include the use of quantitative es-timates or indicators for budgeting and plan-ning purposes); (2) the project shall not in-clude payment of incentives, bribes, gratu-ities, or financial reward to: (A) an indi-vidual in exchange for becoming a family planning acceptor; or (B) program personnel for achieving a numerical target or quota of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a par-ticular method of family planning; (3) the project shall not deny any right or benefit, including the right of access to participate in any program of general welfare or the right of access to health care, as a con-sequence of any individual’s decision not to accept family planning services; (4) the project shall provide family planning accep-tors comprehensible information on the health benefits and risks of the method cho-sen, including those conditions that might render the use of the method inadvisable and those adverse side effects known to be con-sequent to the use of the method; and (5) the project shall ensure that experimental con-traceptive drugs and devices and medical procedures are provided only in the context of a scientific study in which participants are advised of potential risks and benefits; and, not less than 60 days after the date on which the USAID Administrator determines that there has been a violation of the re-quirements contained in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (5) of this proviso, or a pattern or practice of violations of the requirements contained in paragraph (4) of this proviso, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1911 March 22, 2018 
the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations a report con-taining a description of such violation and the corrective action taken by the Agency: Provided further, That in awarding grants for natural family planning under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 no appli-cant shall be discriminated against because of such applicant’s religious or conscientious commitment to offer only natural family planning; and, additionally, all such appli-cants shall comply with the requirements of the previous proviso: Provided further, That for purposes of this or any other Act author-izing or appropriating funds for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs, the term ‘‘motivate’’, as it relates to family planning assistance, shall not be construed to prohibit the provision, consistent with local law, of information or counseling about all pregnancy options: Pro- vided further, That information provided about the use of condoms as part of projects or activities that are funded from amounts appropriated by this Act shall be medically accurate and shall include the public health benefits and failure rates of such use. In addition, for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 for the prevention, treat-ment, and control of, and research on, HIV/ AIDS, $5,670,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, which shall be appor-tioned directly to the Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available, notwith-standing any other provision of law, except for the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–25), for a United States contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund), and shall be expended at the min-imum rate necessary to make timely pay-ment for projects and activities: Provided further, That the amount of such contribu-tion should be $1,350,000,000: Provided further, That clauses (i) and (vi) of section 202(d)(4)(A) of the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Ma-laria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7622) shall be ap-plied with respect to such funds made avail-able for fiscal years 2015 through 2018 by sub-stituting ‘‘2004’’ for ‘‘2009’’: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the aggregate amount of funds made available to the Glob-al Fund in fiscal year 2018 may be made available to USAID for technical assistance related to the activities of the Global Fund, subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this paragraph, up to $17,000,000 may be made available, in addi-tion to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, for administrative expenses of the Office of the United States Global AIDS Co-ordinator. 
DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of sections 103, 105, 106, 214, and sections 251 through 255, and chapter 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $3,000,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 491 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 for international disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction as-sistance, $2,696,534,000, to remain available until expended. 
TRANSITION INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for international disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction assistance administered by the Office of Transition Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development, pursuant to section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to support transition to democracy and long-term development of countries in crisis: Provided, That such support may in-clude assistance to develop, strengthen, or preserve democratic institutions and proc-esses, revitalize basic infrastructure, and fos-ter the peaceful resolution of conflict: Pro- vided further, That the USAID Administrator shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days prior to begin-ning a new program of assistance: Provided further, That if the Secretary of State deter-mines that it is important to the national interest of the United States to provide tran-sition assistance in excess of the amount ap-propriated under this heading, up to $15,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used for purposes of this heading and under the authorities applicable to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available sub-ject to prior consultation with the Commit-tees on Appropriations. COMPLEX CRISES FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to support programs and activities to prevent or respond to emerging or unfore-seen foreign challenges and complex crises overseas, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds appro-priated under this heading may be made available on such terms and conditions as are appropriate and necessary for the pur-poses of preventing or responding to such challenges and crises, except that no funds shall be made available for lethal assistance or to respond to natural disasters: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available notwith-standing any other provision of law, except sections 7007, 7008, and 7018 of this Act and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That funds appro-priated under this heading may be used for administrative expenses, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, except that such expenses may not exceed 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations, except that such notifications shall be transmitted at least 5 days prior to the obligation of funds. 
DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AUTHORITY  For the cost of direct loans and loan guar-antees provided by the United States Agency for International Development, as authorized by sections 256 and 635 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, up to $55,000,000 may be de-rived by transfer from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out part I of such Act and under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’: Provided, That funds provided under this paragraph and funds provided as a gift that are used for pur-poses of this paragraph pursuant to section 635(d) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be made available only for micro- and small enterprise programs, urban programs, and other programs which further the pur-poses of part I of such Act: Provided further, That funds provided as a gift that are used for purposes of this paragraph shall be sub-ject to prior consultation with, and the reg-ular notification procedures of, the Commit-tees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such direct and guaranteed loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Pro- vided further, That funds made available by this paragraph may be used for the cost of modifying any such guaranteed loans under this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs, and funds used for such cost, including if the cost results in a negative subsidy, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the provisions of section 107A(d) (relat-ing to general provisions applicable to the Development Credit Authority) of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, as contained in section 306 of H.R. 1486 as reported by the House Committee on International Relations on May 9, 1997, shall be applicable to direct loans and loan guarantees provided under this heading, except that the principal amount of loans made or guaranteed under this heading with respect to any single coun-try shall not exceed $300,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That these funds are available to sub-sidize total loan principal, any portion of which is to be guaranteed, of up to $1,750,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out credit programs administered by USAID, $10,000,000, which may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in title II of this Act: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall re-main available until September 30, 2020. ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,816,731,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
DEMOCRACY FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the promotion of democracy glob-ally, including to carry out the purposes of section 502(b)(3) and (5) of Public Law 98–164 (22 U.S.C. 4411), $150,375,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, which shall be made available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund of the Bureau of Democ-racy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available to the National Endowment for Democracy and its core institutes are in addition to amounts otherwise available by this Act for such purposes: Provided further, That the As-sistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations prior to the obligation of funds ap-propriated under this paragraph. For an additional amount for such pur-poses, $65,125,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be made available for the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International De-velopment. 
ASSISTANCE FOR EUROPE , EURASIA AND  
CENTRAL ASIA  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the FREEDOM Support Act (Public Law 102–511), and the Support for Eastern Euro-pean Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–179), $750,334,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be available, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, except section 7070 of this Act, for assistance and related programs for coun-tries identified in section 3 of Public Law 102–511 (22 U.S.C. 5801) and section 3(c) of Public Law 101–179 (22 U.S.C. 5402), in addi-tion to funds otherwise available for such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1912 March 22, 2018 
purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ that are made avail-able for assistance for such countries shall be administered in accordance with the re-sponsibilities of the coordinator designated pursuant to section 102 of Public Law 102–511 and section 601 of Public Law 101–179: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be considered to be eco-nomic assistance under the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 for purposes of making available the administrative authorities con-tained in that Act for the use of economic assistance. D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses not otherwise pro-vided for, to enable the Secretary of State to carry out the provisions of section 2(a) and (b) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, and other activities to meet ref-ugee and migration needs; salaries and ex-penses of personnel and dependents as au-thorized by the Foreign Service Act of 1980; allowances as authorized by sections 5921 through 5925 of title 5, United States Code; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehi-cles; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $927,802,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available to respond to small- scale emergency humanitarian require-ments, and $7,500,000 shall be made available for refugees resettling in Israel. 
UNITED STATES EMERGENCY REFUGEE AND  
MIGRATION ASSISTANCE FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 2(c) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, as amended (22 U.S.C. 2601(c)), $1,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That amounts in excess of the limitation contained in paragraph (2) of such section shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assist-ance’’. I
NDEPENDENT AGENCIES  
PEACE CORPS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for ad-ministrative purposes for use outside of the United States, $410,000,000, of which $5,500,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That the Director of the Peace Corps may transfer to the Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations Account, as authorized by section 16 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2515), an amount not to exceed $5,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso may not be derived from amounts made available for Peace Corps overseas operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $104,000 may be available for representation expenses, of which not to ex-ceed $4,000 may be made available for enter-tainment expenses: Provided further, That any decision to open, close, significantly re-duce, or suspend a domestic or overseas of-fice or country program shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, except that prior consulta-tion and regular notification procedures may be waived when there is a substantial secu-rity risk to volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel, pursuant to section 7015(e) of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous proviso, section 614 of division E of Public Law 113–76 shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (MCA), $905,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, up to $105,000,000 may be available for administrative expenses of the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC): Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available to carry out the pur-poses of section 616 of the MCA for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That section 605(e) of the MCA shall apply to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for a Millennium Challenge Compact entered into pursuant to section 609 of the MCA only if such Compact obligates, or contains a commitment to obli-gate subject to the availability of funds and the mutual agreement of the parties to the Compact to proceed, the entire amount of the United States Government funding an-ticipated for the duration of the Compact: Provided further, That the MCC Chief Execu-tive Officer shall notify the Committees on Appropriations not later than 15 days prior to commencing negotiations for any country compact or threshold country program; sign-ing any such compact or threshold program; or terminating or suspending any such com-pact or threshold program: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading by this Act and prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are available to implement section 609(g) of the MCA shall be subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That no country should be eligible for a threshold program after such country has completed a country compact: Provided further, That any funds that are deobligated from a Millennium Challenge Compact shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations prior to re-obliga-tion: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 606(a)(2) of the MCA, a country shall be a candidate country for purposes of eligi-bility for assistance for the fiscal year if the country has a per capita income equal to or below the World Bank’s lower middle income country threshold for the fiscal year and is among the 75 lowest per capita income coun-tries as identified by the World Bank; and the country meets the requirements of sec-tion 606(a)(1)(B) of the MCA: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 606(b)(1) of the MCA, in addition to countries described in the preceding proviso, a country shall be a candidate country for purposes of eligibility for assistance for the fiscal year if the coun-try has a per capita income equal to or below the World Bank’s lower middle income coun-try threshold for the fiscal year and is not among the 75 lowest per capita income coun-tries as identified by the World Bank; and the country meets the requirements of sec-tion 606(a)(1)(B) of the MCA: Provided further, That any MCC candidate country under sec-tion 606 of the MCA with a per capita income that changes in the fiscal year such that the country would be reclassified from a low in-come country to a lower middle income country or from a lower middle income coun-try to a low income country shall retain its candidacy status in its former income classi-fication for the fiscal year and the 2 subse-quent fiscal years: Provided further, That publication in the Federal Register of a no-tice of availability of a copy of a Compact on the MCC Web site shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of section 610(b)(2) of the MCA for such Compact: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs shall be avail-able for a threshold program in a country that is not currently a candidate country: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, not to exceed $100,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertain-ment expenses. 
INTER -AMERICAN FOUNDATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the functions of the Inter-American Foundation in accordance with the provisions of section 401 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1969, $22,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to ex-ceed $2,000 may be available for representa-tion expenses. 
UNITED STATES AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT  
FOUNDATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the African Development Foundation Act (title V of Public Law 96–533; 22 U.S.C. 290h et seq.), $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation ex-penses: Provided, That funds made available to grantees may be invested pending expend-iture for project purposes when authorized by the Board of Directors of the United States African Development Foundation (USADF): Provided further, That interest earned shall be used only for the purposes for which the grant was made: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 505(a)(2) of the African Development Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 290h–3(a)(2)), in exceptional cir-cumstances the Board of Directors of the USADF may waive the $250,000 limitation contained in that section with respect to a project and a project may exceed the limita-tion by up to 10 percent if the increase is due solely to foreign currency fluctuation: Pro- vided further, That the USADF shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees after each time such waiver au-thority is exercised: Provided further, That the USADF may make rent or lease pay-ments in advance from appropriations avail-able for such purpose for offices, buildings, grounds, and quarters in Africa as may be necessary to carry out its functions: Provided further, That the USADF may maintain bank accounts outside the United States Treasury and retain any interest earned on such ac-counts, in furtherance of the purposes of the African Development Foundation Act: Pro- vided further, That the USADF may not with-draw any appropriation from the Treasury prior to the need of spending such funds for program purposes. D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS TECHNICAL  
ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 129 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be made available to contract for services as described in section 129(d)(3)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to the location in which such services are performed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1913 March 22, 2018 
TITLE IV INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses to carry out sec-tion 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $950,845,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the De-partment of State may use the authority of section 608 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to its restrictions, to re-ceive excess property from an agency of the United States Government for the purpose of providing such property to a foreign country or international organization under chapter 8 of part I of such Act, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That section 482(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading, except that any funds made available notwithstanding such section shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That funds appro-priated under this heading shall be made available to support training and technical assistance for foreign law enforcement, cor-rections, and other judicial authorities, uti-lizing regional partners: Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing that are transferred to another depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to sec-tion 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $5,000,000, and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, shall be subject to the regular no-tification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for nonprolifera-tion, anti-terrorism, demining and related programs and activities, $655,467,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, to carry out the provisions of chapter 8 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for anti-terrorism assistance, chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, sec-tion 504 of the FREEDOM Support Act, sec-tion 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for demining activities, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the destruction of small arms, and related activities, notwith-standing any other provision of law, includ-ing activities implemented through non-governmental and international organiza-tions, and section 301 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 for a United States contribu-tion to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission, and for a voluntary contribution to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA): Provided, That the Secretary of State shall inform the appropriate congressional committees of in-formation regarding any separate arrange-ments relating to the ‘‘Road-map for the Clarification of Past and Present Out-standing Issues Regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’ between the IAEA and the Islamic Republic of Iran, in classified form if nec-essary, if such information becomes known to the Department of State: Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing for the Nonproliferation and Disar-mament Fund shall be made available, not-withstanding any other provision of law and subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Com-mittees on Appropriations, to promote bilat-eral and multilateral activities relating to nonproliferation, disarmament, and weapons destruction, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That such funds may also be used for such countries other than the Independent States of the former Soviet Union and international organiza-tions when it is in the national security in-terest of the United States to do so: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the IAEA unless the Secretary of State determines that Israel is being denied its right to par-ticipate in the activities of that Agency: Pro- vided further, That funds made available for conventional weapons destruction programs, including demining and related activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, may be used for administra-tive expenses related to the operation and management of such programs and activi-ties, subject to the regular notification pro-cedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 551 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $212,712,000: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of such Act, to provide assistance to enhance the capacity of foreign civilian security forces, including gendarmes, to participate in peacekeeping operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $31,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribu-tion to the Multinational Force and Observ-ers mission in the Sinai: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be obligated except as pro-vided through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION AND  
TRAINING  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 541 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $110,875,000, of which up to $11,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the civil-ian personnel for whom military education and training may be provided under this heading may include civilians who are not members of a government whose participa-tion would contribute to improved civil-mili-tary relations, civilian control of the mili-tary, or respect for human rights: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $55,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for grants to en-able the President to carry out the provi-sions of section 23 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, $5,671,613,000: Provided, That to ex-pedite the provision of assistance to foreign countries and international organizations, the Secretary of State, following consulta-tion with the Committees on Appropriations and subject to the regular notification proce-dures of such Committees, may use the funds appropriated under this heading to procure defense articles and services to enhance the capacity of foreign security forces: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $3,100,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel which shall be disbursed within 30 days of enact-ment of this Act: Provided further, That to the extent that the Government of Israel re-quests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel under this heading shall, as agreed by the United States and Israel, be available for advanced weap-ons systems, of which not less than $815,300,000 shall be available for the procure-ment in Israel of defense articles and defense services, including research and develop-ment: Provided further, That funds appro-priated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be nonrepayable notwith-standing any requirement in section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing shall be obligated upon apportionment in accordance with paragraph (5)(C) of section 1501(a) of title 31, United States Code. None of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to finance the procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Gov-ernment under the Arms Export Control Act unless the foreign country proposing to make such procurement has first signed an agreement with the United States Govern-ment specifying the conditions under which such procurement may be financed with such funds: Provided, That all country and funding level increases in allocations shall be sub-mitted through the regular notification pro-cedures of section 7015 of this Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for demining, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, and re-lated activities, and may include activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations: Provided further, That only those countries for which assist-ance was justified for the ‘‘Foreign Military Sales Financing Program’’ in the fiscal year 1989 congressional presentation for security assistance programs may utilize funds made available under this heading for procurement of defense articles, defense services, or de-sign and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act: Provided fur-ther, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for defense articles and services: Provided fur-ther, That not more than $75,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated for necessary expenses, includ-ing the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only for use outside of the United States, for the general costs of ad-ministering military assistance and sales, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for general costs of administering military assistance and sales, not to exceed $4,000 may be avail-able for entertainment expenses and not to exceed $130,000 may be available for represen-tation expenses: Provided further, That not more than $950,000,000 of funds realized pur-suant to section 21(e)(1)(A) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act may be obligated for ex-penses incurred by the Department of De-fense during fiscal year 2018 pursuant to sec-tion 43(b) of the Arms Export Control Act, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. TITLE V MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 301 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, and of section 2 of the United Nations Environment Program Par-ticipation Act of 1973 (Public Law 93–188; 87 Stat. 713), $339,000,000: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to contributions to the United Nations Democracy Fund. I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY  For payment to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development as trustee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1914 March 22, 2018 
for the Global Environment Facility by the Secretary of the Treasury, $139,575,000, to re-main available until expended. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION  For payment to the International Develop-ment Association by the Secretary of the Treasury, $1,097,010,000, to remain available until expended. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT  
FUND  For payment to the Asian Development Bank’s Asian Development Fund by the Sec-retary of the Treasury, $47,395,000, to remain available until expended. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT  
BANK  For payment to the African Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid-in por-tion of the increase in capital stock, $32,418,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
LIMITATION ON CALLABLE CAPITAL  
SUBSCRIPTIONS  The United States Governor of the African Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of such capital stock in an amount not to exceed $507,860,808. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT  
FUND  For payment to the African Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $171,300,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL FUND  
FOR AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the International Fund for Agricultural Development by the Secretary of the Treasury, $30,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. TITLE VI EXPORT AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE E
XPORT -IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $5,700,000, of which up to $855,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  The Export-Import Bank of the United States is authorized to make such expendi-tures within the limits of funds and bor-rowing authority available to such corpora-tion, and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations, as pro-vided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program for the current fiscal year for such corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available during the current fiscal year may be used to make expenditures, con-tracts, or commitments for the export of nu-clear equipment, fuel, or technology to any country, other than a nuclear-weapon state as defined in Article IX of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons eligi-ble to receive economic or military assist-ance under this Act, that has detonated a nu-clear explosive after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan and insurance programs, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $30,000 for official reception and representation expenses for members of the Board of Directors, not to exceed $110,000,000, of which up to $16,500,000 may re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That the Export-Import Bank (the Bank) may accept, and use, payment or serv-ices provided by transaction participants for legal, financial, or technical services in con-nection with any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insur-ance commitment has been made: Provided further, That the Bank shall charge fees for necessary expenses (including special serv-ices performed on a contract or fee basis, but not including other personal services) in con-nection with the collection of moneys owed the Bank, repossession or sale of pledged col-lateral or other assets acquired by the Bank in satisfaction of moneys owed the Bank, or the investigation or appraisal of any prop-erty, or the evaluation of the legal, finan-cial, or technical aspects of any transaction for which an application for a loan, guar-antee or insurance commitment has been made, or systems infrastructure directly supporting transactions: Provided further, That in addition to other funds appropriated for administrative expenses, such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended. RECEIPTS COLLECTED  Receipts collected pursuant to the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (Public Law 79–173) and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, in an amount not to exceed the amount appro-priated herein, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account: Provided, That the sums herein appropriated from the Gen-eral Fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for- dollar basis by such offsetting collections so as to result in a final fiscal year appropria-tion from the General Fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That amounts collected in fiscal year 2018 in excess of obligations, up to $10,000,000 shall become available on Sep-tember 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2021. O
VERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
NONCREDIT ACCOUNT  The Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion is authorized to make, without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by sec-tion 9104 of title 31, United States Code, such expenditures and commitments within the limits of funds available to it and in accord-ance with law as may be necessary: Provided, That the amount available for administra-tive expenses to carry out the credit and in-surance programs (including an amount for official reception and representation ex-penses which shall not exceed $35,000) shall not exceed $79,200,000: Provided further, That project-specific transaction costs, including direct and indirect costs incurred in claims settlements, and other direct costs associ-ated with services provided to specific inves-tors or potential investors pursuant to sec-tion 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, shall not be considered administrative expenses for the purposes of this heading. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $20,000,000, to be de-rived by transfer from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Noncredit Account, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds so obligated in fiscal year 2018 remain available for disbursement through 2026; funds obli-gated in fiscal year 2019 remain available for disbursement through 2027; and funds obli-gated in fiscal year 2020 remain available for disbursement through 2028: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration is authorized to undertake any pro-gram authorized by title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 in Iraq: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the authority of the previous proviso shall be subject to the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for administrative expenses to carry out the credit program may be derived from amounts available for administrative expenses to carry out the credit and insurance programs in the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion Noncredit Account and merged with said account. TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 661 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $79,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not more than $5,000 may be avail-able for representation and entertainment expenses. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
ALLOWANCES AND DIFFERENTIALS  S
EC. 7001. Funds appropriated under title I of this Act shall be available, except as oth-erwise provided, for allowances and differen-tials as authorized by subchapter 59 of title 5, United States Code; for services as author-ized by section 3109 of such title and for hire of passenger transportation pursuant to sec-tion 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
UNOBLIGATED BALANCES REPORT  S
EC. 7002. Any department or agency of the United States Government to which funds are appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations a quarterly accounting of cumulative unobligated balances and obli-gated, but unexpended, balances by program, project, and activity, and Treasury Account Fund Symbol of all funds received by such department or agency in fiscal year 2018 or any previous fiscal year, disaggregated by fiscal year: Provided, That the report re-quired by this section shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter and should specify by account the amount of funds obligated pursuant to bilat-eral agreements which have not been further sub-obligated. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 7003. The expenditure of any appro-priation under title I of this Act for any con-sulting service through procurement con-tract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under exist-ing Executive Order issued pursuant to exist-ing law. 
DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES  S
EC. 7004. (a) C APITAL SECURITY COSTSHAR-
INGINFORMATION .—The Secretary of State shall promptly inform the Committees on Appropriations of each instance in which a Federal department or agency is delinquent in providing the full amount of funding re-quired by section 604(e) of the Secure Em-bassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 note). (b) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (2) of section 604(e) of the Secure Em-bassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (title VI of division A of H.R. 3427, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1915 March 22, 2018 
as enacted into law by section 1000(a)(7) of Public Law 106–113 and contained in appendix G of that Act), as amended by section 111 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), a project to construct a facility of the United States may include office space or other ac-commodations for members of the United States Marine Corps. (c) N
EWDIPLOMATIC FACILITIES .—For the purposes of calculating the fiscal year 2018 costs of providing new United States diplo-matic facilities in accordance with section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 note), the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall determine the annual program level and agency shares in a manner that is proportional to the con-tribution of the Department of State for this purpose: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for de-partments and agencies of the United States Government shall be made available for the Capital Security Cost Sharing Program and the Maintenance Cost Sharing Program at levels not less than the prior fiscal year. (d) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs, which may be made avail-able for the acquisition of property or award of construction contracts for overseas United States diplomatic facilities during fiscal year 2018, shall be subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the regular notification proce-dures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That notifications pursuant to this subsection shall include the information enumerated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Se-curity, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in House Report 115–253 and Senate Report 114– 290: Provided further, That any such notifica-tion for a new diplomatic facility justified to the Committees on Appropriations in the Congressional Budget Justification, Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, Fiscal Year 2018, or not pre-viously justified to such Committees, shall also include confirmation that the Depart-ment of State has completed the requisite value engineering studies required pursuant to OMB Circular A–131, Value Engineering December 31, 2013 and the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations Policy and Procedure Directive, P&PD, Cost 02: Value Engineering. (e) I
NTERIM AND TEMPORARY FACILITIES  A
BROAD .— (1) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITIES .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Main-tenance’’ may be made available, following consultation with the appropriate congres-sional committees, to address security vulnerabilities at interim and temporary United States diplomatic facilities abroad, including physical security upgrades and local guard staffing, except that the amount of funds made available for such purposes from this Act and prior Acts making appro-priations for the Department of State, for-eign operations, and related programs shall be a minimum of $25,000,000. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the opening, closure, or any significant modification to an interim or temporary United States diplomatic facil-ity shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional commit-tees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such consultation and notification may be waived if there is a security risk to per-sonnel. (f) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY .—Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, including for Worldwide Security Protection, and under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’’ in this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated under such headings if the Sec-retary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to implement the recommenda-tions of the Benghazi Accountability Review Board, or to prevent or respond to security situations and requirements, following con-sultation with, and subject to the regular no-tification procedures of, such Committees: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available under any other provision of law. (g) SOFTTARGETS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Embassy Secu-rity, Construction, and Maintenance’’ may be made available for security upgrades to soft targets, including schools, recreational facilities, and residences used by United States diplomatic personnel and their de-pendents, except that the amount made available for such purposes shall be a min-imum of $10,000,000. (h) S
ECURE RESUPPLY AND MAINTENANCE .— The Secretary of State may not grant final approval for the construction of a new facil-ity or substantial construction to improve or expand an existing facility in the United States by or for the Government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China until the Secretary certifies and reports to the appropriate con-gressional committees that an agreement has been concluded between the Govern-ments of the United States and the People’s Republic of China that permits secure resup-ply, maintenance, and new construction of United States Government facilities in the People’s Republic of China. (i) N
EWEMBASSY COMPOUND KINSHASA .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ that are made available for the central Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 25 percent shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State certifies and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that such Government has fully vacated the property purchased by the United States in Kinshasa for the construction of a New Em-bassy Compound. (j) R
EPORTS .— (1) None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’’ in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs, made available through Fed-eral agency Capital Security Cost Sharing contributions and reimbursements, or gen-erated from the proceeds of real property sales, other than from real property sales lo-cated in London, United Kingdom, may be made available for site acquisition and miti-gation, planning, design, or construction of the New London Embassy: Provided, That the reporting requirement contained in section 7004(f)(2) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall remain in effect during fiscal year 2018. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act and every 4 months thereafter until Sep-tember 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on the new Mexico City Embassy, New Delhi Embassy, and Beirut Embassy projects: Provided, That such report shall in-clude, for each of the projects— (A) a detailed breakout of the project fac-tors that formed the basis of the initial cost estimate used to justify such project to the Committees on Appropriations, as described under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Con-struction, and Maintenance’’ in House Re-port 115–253; (B) a comparison of the current project fac-tors as compared to the project factors sub-mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this subsection, and an explanation of any changes; and (C) the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on project costs. PERSONNEL ACTIONS  S
EC. 7005. Any costs incurred by a depart-ment or agency funded under title I of this Act resulting from personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available under title I to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addi-tion to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 7006. (a) F INANCIAL SYSTEMS IMPROVE -
MENT .—Funds appropriated by this Act for the operations of the Department of State under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ shall be made available to implement the recommendations contained in the For-eign Assistance Data Review Findings Re-port (FADR) and the Office of Inspector Gen-eral (OIG) report entitled ‘‘Department Fi-nancial Systems Are Insufficient to Track and Report on Foreign Assistance Funds’’: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations an update to the plan required under section 7006 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) for implementing the FADR and OIG recommendations: Provided further, That such funds may not be obli-gated for enhancements to, or expansions of, the Budget System Modernization Financial System, Central Resource Management Sys-tem, Joint Financial Management System, or Foreign Assistance Coordination and Tracking System until such updated plan is submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That such funds may not be obligated for new, or expansion of ex-isting, ad hoc electronic systems to track commitments, obligations, or expenditures of funds unless the Secretary of State, fol-lowing consultation with the Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of State, has reviewed and certified that such new system or expansion is consistent with the FADR and OIG recommendations. (b) W
ORKING CAPITAL FUND.—Funds appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of State for pay-ments to the Working Capital Fund may only be used for the service centers included in the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, Fiscal Year 2018: Pro- vided, That the amounts for such service cen-ters shall be the amounts included in such budget justification, except as provided in section 7015(b) of this Act: Provided further, That Federal agency components shall be charged only for their direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided fur-ther, That prior to increasing the percentage charged to Department of State bureaus and offices for procurement-related activities, the Secretary of State shall include the pro-posed increase in the Department of State budget justification or, at least 60 days prior to the increase, provide the Committees on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1916 March 22, 2018 
Appropriations a justification for such in-crease, including a detailed assessment of the cost and benefit of the services provided by the procurement fee: Provided further, That Federal agency components may only pay for Working Capital Fund services that are consistent with the purpose and authori-ties of such components: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service. (c) C
ERTIFICATION .— (1) Not later than 45 days after the initial obligation of funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made avail-able to a Department of State bureau or of-fice with responsibility for the management and oversight of such funds, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations, on an individual bureau or office basis, that such bureau or office is in compliance with Department and Federal financial and grants management policies, procedures, and regulations, as ap-plicable. (2) When making a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall consider the capacity of a bureau or office to— (A) account for the obligated funds at the country and program level, as appropriate; (B) identify risks and develop mitigation and monitoring plans; (C) establish performance measures and in-dicators; (D) review activities and performance; and (E) assess final results and reconcile fi-nances. (3) If the Secretary of State is unable to make a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit a plan and timeline detailing the steps to be taken to bring such bureau or office into compliance. (4) The report accompanying a certifi-cation required by paragraph (1) shall in-clude the requirements contained under this section in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (d) R
EPORT ON SOLESOURCE AWARDS .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees detailing all sole-source awards made by the Depart-ment of State during the previous fiscal year in excess of $2,000,000: Provided, That such re-port should be posted on the Department of State Web site. 
PROHIBITION AGAINST DIRECT FUNDING FOR  
CERTAIN COUNTRIES  S
EC. 7007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to ti-tles III through VI of this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to finance directly any as-sistance or reparations for the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, or Syria: Pro- vided, That for purposes of this section, the prohibition on obligations or expenditures shall include direct loans, credits, insurance, and guarantees of the Export-Import Bank or its agents. 
COUPS D ’E´TAT S
EC. 7008. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to ti-tles III through VI of this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to finance directly any as-sistance to the government of any country whose duly elected head of government is de-posed by military coup d’e´tat or decree or, after the date of enactment of this Act, a coup d’e´tat or decree in which the military plays a decisive role: Provided, That assist-ance may be resumed to such government if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that subsequent to the termination of assist-ance a democratically elected government has taken office: Provided further, That the provisions of this section shall not apply to assistance to promote democratic elections or public participation in democratic proc-esses: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous provisos shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. TRANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY  S
EC. 7009. (a) D EPARTMENT OF STATE AND  B
ROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS .— (1) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE .—Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Depart-ment of State under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropria-tion, except as otherwise specifically pro-vided, shall be increased by more than 10 per-cent by any such transfers, and no such transfer may be made to increase the appro-priation under the heading ‘‘Representation Expenses’’. (2) B
ROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS .— Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Broadcasting Board of Governors under title I of this Act may be transferred be-tween, and merged with, such appropria-tions, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be in-creased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. (3) T
REATMENT AS REPROGRAMMING .—Any transfer pursuant to this subsection shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. (b) T
ITLE VI A GENCIES .—Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation, other than for administrative expenses made available for fiscal year 2018, for programs under title VI of this Act may be transferred between such appropriations for use for any of the pur-poses, programs, and activities for which the funds in such receiving account may be used, but no such appropriation, except as other-wise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 25 percent by any such trans-fer: Provided, That the exercise of such au-thority shall be subject to the regular notifi-cation procedures of the Committees on Ap-propriations. (c) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFERS OF FUNDS BE-
TWEEN AGENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority pro-vided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. (2) A
LLOCATION AND TRANSFERS .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1), in addition to trans-fers made by, or authorized elsewhere in, this Act, funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the purposes of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 may be allocated or trans-ferred to agencies of the United States Gov-ernment pursuant to the provisions of sec-tions 109, 610, and 632 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—Any agreement entered into by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development or the Department of State with any department, agency, or in-strumentality of the United States Govern-ment pursuant to section 632(b) of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $1,000,000 and any agreement made pursu-ant to section 632(a) of such Act, with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall be subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the requirement in the pre-vious sentence shall not apply to agreements entered into between USAID and the Depart-ment of State. (d) TRANSFER OF FUNDS BETWEEN AC-
COUNTS .—None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be obligated under an appropriations account to which such funds were not appropriated, ex-cept for transfers specifically provided for in this Act, unless the President, not less than 5 days prior to the exercise of any authority contained in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to transfer funds, consults with and pro-vides a written policy justification to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) A
UDIT OF INTER -AGENCY TRANSFERS OF  F
UNDS .—Any agreement for the transfer or allocation of funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations and related programs, entered into between the Department of State or USAID and another agency of the United States Government under the authority of section 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any com-parable provision of law, shall expressly pro-vide that the Inspector General (IG) for the agency receiving the transfer or allocation of such funds, or other entity with audit re-sponsibility if the receiving agency does not have an IG, shall perform periodic program and financial audits of the use of such funds and report to the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate, upon completion of such audits: Provided, That such audits shall be transmitted to the Committees on Appro-priations by the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Provided further, That funds transferred under such authority may be made available for the cost of such audits. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall each submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing all transfers to an-other agency of the United States Govern-ment made pursuant to sections 632(a) and 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 with funds provided in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) as of the date of enact-ment of this Act: Provided, That such reports shall include a list of each transfer made pursuant to such sections with the respec-tive funding level, appropriation account, and the receiving agency. 
PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN OPERATIONAL  
EXPENSES  S
EC. 7010. (a) F IRST-CLASS TRAVEL .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by employees of United States Government departments and agencies funded by this Act in contravention of section 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) C
OMPUTER NETWORKS .—None of the funds made available by this Act for the op-erating expenses of any United States Gov-ernment department or agency may be used to establish or maintain a computer network for use by such department or agency unless such network has filters designed to block access to sexually explicit Web sites: Pro- vided, That nothing in this subsection shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Fed-eral, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency, or any other entity carrying out the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1917 March 22, 2018 
following activities: criminal investigations, prosecutions, and adjudications; administra-tive discipline; and the monitoring of such Web sites undertaken as part of official busi-ness. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON PROMOTION OF TO-
BACCO .—None of the funds made available by this Act should be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco prod-ucts, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  S
EC. 7011. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation after the expiration of the cur-rent fiscal year unless expressly so provided by this Act: Provided, That funds appro-priated for the purposes of chapters 1 and 8 of part I, section 661, chapters 4, 5, 6, 8, and 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, and funds provided under the headings ‘‘Development Credit Authority’’ and ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall remain available for an addi-tional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially obli-gated before the expiration of their respec-tive periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That the availability of funds pursuant to the previous proviso shall not be applicable to such funds until the Sec-retary of State submits the report required under section 7011 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2016 (division K of Public Law 114–113): Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, any funds made available for the pur-poses of chapter 1 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 which are allocated or obligated for cash dis-bursements in order to address balance of payments or economic policy reform objec-tives, shall remain available for an addi-tional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially allo-cated or obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability con-tained in this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations not later than October 30, 2018, detailing by account and source year, the use of this authority during the previous fiscal year. 
LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES IN  
DEFAULT  S
EC. 7012. No part of any appropriation pro-vided under titles III through VI in this Act shall be used to furnish assistance to the government of any country which is in de-fault during a period in excess of 1 calendar year in payment to the United States of principal or interest on any loan made to the government of such country by the United States pursuant to a program for which funds are appropriated under this Act unless the President determines, following con-sultation with the Committees on Appropria-tions, that assistance for such country is in the national interest of the United States. 
PROHIBITION ON TAXATION OF UNITED STATES  
ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7013. (a) P ROHIBITION ON TAXATION .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to provide assistance for a foreign country under a new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which such assistance is to be provided un-less such agreement includes a provision stating that assistance provided by the United States shall be exempt from taxation, or reimbursed, by the foreign government, and the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bi-lateral agreements, as necessary, to conform with this requirement. (b) NOTIFICATION AND REIMBURSEMENT OF  F
OREIGN TAXES .—An amount equivalent to 200 percent of the total taxes assessed during fiscal year 2018 on funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs by a foreign government or entity against United States assistance programs, either directly or through grantees, contractors, and sub-contractors, shall be withheld from obliga-tion from funds appropriated for assistance for fiscal year 2019 and for prior fiscal years and allocated for the central government of such country or for the West Bank and Gaza program, as applicable, if, not later than September 30, 2019, such taxes have not been reimbursed: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Ap-propriations by such date on the foreign gov-ernments and entities that have not reim-bursed such taxes, including any amount of funds withheld pursuant to this subsection. (c) D
EMINIMIS EXCEPTION .—Foreign taxes of a de minimis nature shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection (b). (d) R
EPROGRAMMING OF FUNDS .—Funds withheld from obligation for each foreign government or entity pursuant to subsection (b) shall be reprogrammed for assistance for countries which do not assess taxes on United States assistance or which have an effective arrangement that is providing sub-stantial reimbursement of such taxes, and that can reasonably accommodate such as-sistance in a programmatically responsible manner. (e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of this sec-tion shall not apply to any foreign govern-ment or entity that assesses such taxes if the Secretary of State reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that— (A) such foreign government or entity has an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes; or (B) the foreign policy interests of the United States outweigh the purpose of this section to ensure that United States assist-ance is not subject to taxation. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations at least 15 days prior to exercising the authority of this subsection with regard to any foreign government or entity. (f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of State shall issue and update rules, regula-tions, or policy guidance, as appropriate, to implement the prohibition against the tax-ation of assistance contained in this section. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section: (1) B
ILATERAL AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘bi-lateral agreement’’ refers to a framework bi-lateral agreement between the Government of the United States and the government of the country receiving assistance that de-scribes the privileges and immunities appli-cable to United States foreign assistance for such country generally, or an individual agreement between the Government of the United States and such government that de-scribes, among other things, the treatment for tax purposes that will be accorded the United States assistance provided under that agreement. (2) T
AXES AND TAXATION .—The term ‘‘taxes and taxation’’ shall include value added taxes and customs duties but shall not in-clude individual income taxes assessed to local staff. (h) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other relevant agencies of the United States Government, shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on the re-quirements contained under this section in the explanatory statement described in sec-tion 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
RESERVATIONS OF FUNDS  S
EC. 7014. (a) R EPROGRAMMING .—Funds ap-propriated under titles III through VI of this Act which are specifically designated may be reprogrammed for other programs within the same account notwithstanding the designa-tion if compliance with the designation is made impossible by operation of any provi-sion of this or any other Act: Provided, That any such reprogramming shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That assistance that is reprogrammed pursuant to this subsection shall be made available under the same terms and condi-tions as originally provided. (b) E
XTENSION OF AVAILABILITY .—In addi- tion to the authority contained in subsection (a), the original period of availability of funds appropriated by this Act and adminis-tered by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International De-velopment that are specifically designated for particular programs or activities by this or any other Act may be extended for an ad-ditional fiscal year if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports promptly to the Committees on Appropriations that the ter-mination of assistance to a country or a sig-nificant change in circumstances makes it unlikely that such designated funds can be obligated during the original period of avail-ability: Provided, That such designated funds that continue to be available for an addi-tional fiscal year shall be obligated only for the purpose of such designation. (c) O
THER ACTS.—Ceilings and specifically designated funding levels contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or au-thorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs: Provided, That specifically designated funding levels or min-imum funding requirements contained in any other Act shall not be applicable to funds appropriated by this Act. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 7015. (a) N OTIFICATION OF CHANGES IN  P
ROGRAMS , PROJECTS , ANDACTIVITIES .—None of the funds made available in titles I and II of this Act or prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs to the de-partments and agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or of currency reflows or other offsetting collections, or made available by transfer, to the departments and agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation to— (1) create new programs; (2) suspend or eliminate a program, project, or activity; (3) close, suspend, open, or reopen a mis-sion or post; (4) create, close, reorganize, downsize, or rename bureaus, centers, or offices; or (5) contract out or privatize any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless previously justified to the Commit-tees on Appropriations or such Committees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1918 March 22, 2018 
are notified 15 days in advance of such obli-gation. (b) N
OTIFICATION OF REPROGRAMMING OF  F
UNDS .—None of the funds provided under ti-tles I and II of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, to the departments and agencies funded under titles I and II of this Act that remain avail-able for obligation in fiscal year 2018, or pro-vided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the department and agen-cy funded under title I of this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $1,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments or changes existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) relocates an existing office or employ-ees; (3) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (4) results from any general savings, in-cluding savings from a reduction in per-sonnel, which would result in a change in ex-isting programs, activities, or projects as ap-proved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such re-programming of funds. (c) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—None of the funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’, ‘‘Trade and Development Agency’’, ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corporation’’, ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘International Military Edu-cation and Training’’, and ‘‘Peace Corps’’, shall be available for obligation for activi-ties, programs, projects, type of materiel as-sistance, countries, or other operations not justified or in excess of the amount justified to the Committees on Appropriations for ob-ligation under any of these specific headings unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such obliga-tion: Provided, That the President shall not enter into any commitment of funds appro-priated for the purposes of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act for the provision of major defense equipment, other than conven-tional ammunition, or other major defense items defined to be aircraft, ships, missiles, or combat vehicles, not previously justified to Congress or 20 percent in excess of the quantities justified to Congress unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commitment: Pro- vided further, That requirements of this sub-section or any similar provision of this or any other Act shall not apply to any re-programming for an activity, program, or project for which funds are appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act of less than 10 percent of the amount previously justified to Congress for obligation for such activity, program, or project for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That any notifi-cation submitted pursuant to subsection (f) of this section shall include information (if known on the date of transmittal of such no-tification) on the use of notwithstanding au-thority: Provided further, That if subsequent to the notification of assistance it becomes necessary to rely on notwithstanding au-thority, the Committees on Appropriations should be informed at the earliest oppor-tunity and to the extent practicable. (d) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS  
ANDFUNDING NOTIFICATIONS .— (1) P
ROGRAMS .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act or prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available to support or con-tinue any program initially funded under any authority of title 10, United States Code, or any Act making or authorizing appropria-tions for the Department of Defense, unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, submits a justification to such Committees that in-cludes a description of, and the estimated costs associated with, the support or con-tinuation of such program. (2) F
UNDING .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with the exception of funds transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated under title I of this Act, funds transferred by the Department of Defense to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment for assistance for foreign countries and international organizations shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (e) W
AIVER .—The requirements of this sec-tion or any similar provision of this Act or any other Act, including any prior Act re-quiring notification in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations, may be waived if failure to do so would pose a substantial risk to human health or welfare: Provided, That in case of any such waiver, notification to the Committees on Appropriations shall be provided as early as practicable, but in no event later than 3 days after taking the ac-tion to which such notification requirement was applicable, in the context of the cir-cumstances necessitating such waiver: Pro- vided further, That any notification provided pursuant to such a waiver shall contain an explanation of the emergency circumstances. (f) C
OUNTRY NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance for Afghanistan, Bahrain, Bolivia, Burma, Cambodia, Colom-bia, Cuba, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Mexico, Pakistan, Philippines, the Russian Federation, Soma-lia, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syria, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (g) T
RUST FUNDS .—Funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title III of this Act and prior Acts making funds available for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs that are made available for a trust fund held by an inter-national financial institution as defined by section 7034(r)(3) of this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such notification shall include the in-formation specified under this section in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (h) O
THER PROGRAM NOTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .— (1) D
IPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS .— Funds appropriated under title I of this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ that are made available for a pilot program for lateral entry into the For-eign Service shall be subject to prior con-sultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropria-tions. (2) OTHER PROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for the following programs and activities shall be subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations— (A) The Global Engagement Center, except that the Secretary of State shall consult with the appropriate congressional commit-tees prior to submitting such notification; (B) The Power Africa initiative, or any successor program; (C) Community-based police assistance conducted pursuant to the authority of sec-tion 7049 of this Act; (D) Programs to counter foreign fighters and extremist organizations, pursuant to section 7073(a) of this Act; (E) The Relief and Recovery Fund; (F) The Global Security Contingency Fund; and (G) Programs to end modern slavery. (i) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under titles III and IV that are withheld from obligation or other-wise not programmed as a result of applica-tion of a provision of law in this or any other Act shall, if reprogrammed, be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (j) R
EQUIREMENT TO INFORM , COORDINATE , 
ANDCONSULT .— (1) The Secretary of State shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional com-mittees of each instance in which funds ap-propriated by this Act for assistance for Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and Syria, the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, the Re-lief and Recovery Fund, and to counter ex-tremism and foreign fighters abroad, have been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Depart-ment of State or USAID, as appropriate: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall ensure such funds are coordinated with, and complement, the programs of other United States Govern-ment departments and agencies and inter-national partners in such countries and on such activities. (2) The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at least seven days prior to informing a govern-ment of, or publically announcing a decision on, the suspension of assistance to a country or a territory from funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs. 
NOTIFICATION ON EXCESS DEFENSE EQUIPMENT  S
EC. 7016. Prior to providing excess Depart-ment of Defense articles in accordance with section 516(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Department of Defense shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations to the same extent and under the same condi-tions as other committees pursuant to sub-section (f) of that section: Provided, That be- fore issuing a letter of offer to sell excess de-fense articles under the Arms Export Control Act, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in accord-ance with the regular notification proce-dures of such Committees if such defense ar-ticles are significant military equipment (as defined in section 47(9) of the Arms Export Control Act) or are valued (in terms of origi-nal acquisition cost) at $7,000,000 or more, or if notification is required elsewhere in this Act for the use of appropriated funds for spe-cific countries that would receive such ex-cess defense articles: Provided further, That such Committees shall also be informed of the original acquisition cost of such defense articles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1919 March 22, 2018 
LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  S
EC. 7017. Subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations, funds appropriated under titles I and III through V of this Act, which are re-turned or not made available for organiza-tions and programs because of the implemen-tation of section 307(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the requirement to withhold funds for programs in Burma under section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. 
PROHIBITION ON FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS AND  
INVOLUNTARY STERILIZATION  S
EC. 7018. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the per-formance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical re-search which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be obligated or expended for any country or or-ganization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or or-ganization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involun-tary sterilizations. 
ALLOCATIONS AND REPORTS  S
EC. 7019. (a) A LLOCATION TABLES .—Subject to subsection (b), funds appropriated by this Act under titles III through V shall be made available in the amounts specifically des-ignated in the respective tables included in the explanatory statement described in sec-tion 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such designated amounts for foreign countries and international organizations shall serve as the amounts for such countries and inter-national organizations transmitted to Con-gress in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (b) A
UTHORIZED DEVIATIONS .—Unless other-wise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, as applicable, may only deviate up to 4 percent from the amounts specifically des-ignated in the respective tables included in the explanatory statement described in sec-tion 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such percentage may be exceeded only to respond to significant, exigent, or unforeseen events, or to address other exceptional cir-cumstances directly related to the national interest: Provided further, That deviations pursuant to the previous proviso shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (c) L
IMITATION .—For specifically des-ignated amounts that are included, pursuant to subsection (a), in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, no deviations authorized by sub-section (b) may take place until submission of such report. (d) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) Subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to— (A) amounts designated for ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ in the re-spective tables included in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); and (B) funds for which the initial period of availability has expired. (2) The authority in subsection (b) to devi-ate below amounts designated in the respec-tive tables included in the explanatory state-ment described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) shall not apply to the table included under the heading ‘‘Global Health Pro-grams’’ in such explanatory statement. (e) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall submit the reports required, in the manner described, in House Report 115–253, Senate Report 115–152, and the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), unless directed otherwise in such ex-planatory statement. 
REPRESENTATION AND ENTERTAINMENT  
EXPENSES  S
EC. 7020. (a) U SES OF FUNDS .—Each Fed-eral department, agency, or entity funded in titles I or II of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and independent agencies funded in titles III or VI of this Act, shall take steps to ensure that domestic and over-seas representation and entertainment ex-penses further official agency business and United States foreign policy interests, and— (1) are primarily for fostering relations outside of the Executive Branch; (2) are principally for meals and events of a protocol nature; (3) are not for employee-only events; and (4) do not include activities that are sub-stantially of a recreational character. (b) L
IMITATIONS .—None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Mili-tary Education and Training’’ or ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for Informa-tional Program activities or under the head-ings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Develop-ment Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be obligated or ex-pended to pay for— (1) alcoholic beverages; or (2) entertainment expenses for activities that are substantially of a recreational char-acter, including entrance fees at sporting events, theatrical and musical productions, and amusement parks. 
PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO GOVERNMENTS  
SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM  S
EC. 7021. (a) L ETHAL MILITARY EQUIPMENT  E
XPORTS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to any foreign government which provides lethal military equipment to a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined supports international terrorism for purposes of sec-tion 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act: Provided, That the prohibition under this section with respect to a foreign govern-ment shall terminate 12 months after that government ceases to provide such military equipment: Provided further, That this sec-tion applies with respect to lethal military equipment provided under a contract entered into after October 1, 1997. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—Assistance restricted by paragraph (1) or any other similar provi-sion of law, may be furnished if the Presi-dent determines that to do so is important to the national interest of the United States. (3) REPORT .—Whenever the President makes a determination pursuant to para-graph (2), the President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report with respect to the furnishing of such assistance, including a detailed explanation of the as-sistance to be provided, the estimated dollar amount of such assistance, and an expla-nation of how the assistance furthers United States national interest. (b) B
ILATERAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) L
IMITATIONS .—Funds appropriated for bilateral assistance in titles III through VI of this Act and funds appropriated under any such title in prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be made available to any foreign government which the President determines— (A) grants sanctuary from prosecution to any individual or group which has com-mitted an act of international terrorism; (B) otherwise supports international ter-rorism; or (C) is controlled by an organization des-ignated as a terrorist organization under sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (2) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a government if the President determines that national se-curity or humanitarian reasons justify such waiver: Provided, That the President shall publish each such waiver in the Federal Reg-ister and, at least 15 days before the waiver takes effect, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the waiver (including the justification for the waiver) in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
AUTHORIZATION REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 7022. Funds appropriated by this Act, except funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Trade and Development Agency’’, may be obligated and expended notwithstanding sec-tion 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). 
DEFINITION OF PROGRAM , PROJECT , AND 
ACTIVITY  S
EC. 7023. For the purpose of titles II through VI of this Act ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall be defined at the appro-priations Act account level and shall include all appropriations and authorizations Acts funding directives, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the following ac-counts: ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Assist-ance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include country, regional, and central program level funding within each such account; and for the development assistance accounts of the United States Agency for International Development, ‘‘pro-gram, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include central, country, re-gional, and program level funding, either as— (1) justified to Congress; or (2) allocated by the Executive Branch in accordance with a report, to be provided to the Committees on Appropriations within 30 days after the enactment of this Act, as re-quired by section 653(a) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 or as modified pursuant to section 7019 of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1920 March 22, 2018 
AUTHORITIES FOR THE PEACE CORPS , INTER - 
AMERICAN FOUNDATION AND UNITED STATES  
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  S
EC. 7024. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, provisions of this or any other Act, including provisions contained in prior Acts authorizing or making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or con-ducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter- American Foundation Act or the African De-velopment Foundation Act: Provided, That prior to conducting activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited, the agen-cy shall consult with the Committees on Ap-propriations and report to such Committees within 15 days of taking such action. 
COMMERCE , TRADE AND SURPLUS COMMODITIES  S
EC. 7025. (a) W ORLD MARKETS .—None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for direct assistance and none of the funds otherwise made available to the Export-Im-port Bank and the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation shall be obligated or ex-pended to finance any loan, any assistance, or any other financial commitments for es-tablishing or expanding production of any commodity for export by any country other than the United States, if the commodity is likely to be in surplus on world markets at the time the resulting productive capacity is expected to become operative and if the as-sistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity: Provided, That such prohibition shall not apply to the Ex-port-Import Bank if in the judgment of its Board of Directors the benefits to industry and employment in the United States are likely to outweigh the injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity, and the Chairman of the Board so notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That this sub-section shall not prohibit— (1) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Devel-opment Association, is not eligible for assist-ance from the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development, and does not ex-port on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (2) activities in a country the President de-termines is recovering from widespread con-flict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (b) E
XPORTS .—None of the funds appro-priated by this or any other Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be available for any testing or breeding feasibility study, variety im-provement or introduction, consultancy, publication, conference, or training in con-nection with the growth or production in a foreign country of an agricultural com-modity for export which would compete with a similar commodity grown or produced in the United States: Provided, That this sub-section shall not prohibit— (1) activities designed to increase food se-curity in developing countries where such activities will not have a significant impact on the export of agricultural commodities of the United States; (2) research activities intended primarily to benefit United States producers; (3) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Devel-opment Association, is not eligible for assist-ance from the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development, and does not ex-port on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (4) activities in a country the President de-termines is recovering from widespread con-flict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (c) INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive direc-tors of the international financial institu-tions, as defined in section 7034(r)(3) of this Act, to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such in-stitutions, using funds appropriated or made available by this Act, for the production or extraction of any commodity or mineral for export, if it is in surplus on world markets and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity. 
SEPARATE ACCOUNTS  S
EC. 7026. (a) S EPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR  L
OCAL CURRENCIES .— (1) A
GREEMENTS .—If assistance is furnished to the government of a foreign country under chapters 1 and 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 under agreements which result in the generation of local currencies of that coun-try, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall— (A) require that local currencies be depos-ited in a separate account established by that government; (B) enter into an agreement with that gov-ernment which sets forth— (i) the amount of the local currencies to be generated; and (ii) the terms and conditions under which the currencies so deposited may be utilized, consistent with this section; and (C) establish by agreement with that gov-ernment the responsibilities of USAID and that government to monitor and account for deposits into and disbursements from the separate account. (2) U
SES OF LOCAL CURRENCIES .—As may be agreed upon with the foreign government, local currencies deposited in a separate ac-count pursuant to subsection (a), or an equivalent amount of local currencies, shall be used only— (A) to carry out chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), for such pur-poses as— (i) project and sector assistance activities; or (ii) debt and deficit financing; or (B) for the administrative requirements of the United States Government. (3) P
ROGRAMMING ACCOUNTABILITY .—USAID shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the equivalent of the local currencies dis-bursed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) from the separate account established pursuant to subsection (a)(1) are used for the purposes agreed upon pursuant to subsection (a)(2). (4) T
ERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE PRO -
GRAMS .—Upon termination of assistance to a country under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), any unencumbered balances of funds which re-main in a separate account established pur-suant to subsection (a) shall be disposed of for such purposes as may be agreed to by the government of that country and the United States Government. (5) R
EPORT .—The USAID Administrator shall report as part of the congressional budget justification submitted to the Com-mittees on Appropriations on the use of local currencies for the administrative require-ments of the United States Government as authorized in subsection (a)(2)(B), and such report shall include the amount of local cur-rency (and United States dollar equivalent) used or to be used for such purpose in each applicable country. (b) SEPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR CASHTRANS -
FERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If assistance is made available to the government of a foreign country, under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle with any other funds. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF  
LAW.—Such funds may be obligated and ex-pended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolution 648 (House Report No. 98–1159). (3) N
OTIFICATION .—At least 15 days prior to obligating any such cash transfer or non-project sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a de-tailed description of how the funds proposed to be made available will be used, with a dis-cussion of the United States interests that will be served by such assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance). (4) E
XEMPTION .—Nonproject sector assist-ance funds may be exempt from the require-ments of paragraph (1) only through the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. 
ELIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7027. (a) A SSISTANCE THROUGH NON-
GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Restric- tions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organiza-tions from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapters 1, 10, 11, and 12 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’: Provided, That before using the au-thority of this subsection to furnish assist-ance in support of programs of nongovern-mental organizations, the President shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations pur-suant to the regular notification procedures, including a description of the program to be assisted, the assistance to be provided, and the reasons for furnishing such assistance: Provided further, That nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to alter any exist-ing statutory prohibitions against abortion or involuntary sterilizations contained in this or any other Act. (b) P
UBLIC LAW480.—During fiscal year 2018, restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict as-sistance under the Food for Peace Act (Pub-lic Law 83–480; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.): Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to carry out title I of such Act and made available pursuant to this subsection may be obligated or expended except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply— (1) with respect to section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 or any com-parable provision of law prohibiting assist-ance to countries that support international terrorism; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1921 March 22, 2018 
(2) with respect to section 116 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 or any com-parable provision of law prohibiting assist-ance to the government of a country that violates internationally recognized human rights. 
LOCAL COMPETITION  S
EC. 7028. (a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR EXCEP -
TIONS TO COMPETITION FOR LOCAL ENTITIES .— Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available to the United States Agency for International Development may only be made available for limited competitions through local entities if— (1) prior to the determination to limit competition to local entities, USAID has— (A) assessed the level of local capacity to effectively implement, manage, and account for programs included in such competition; and (B) documented the written results of the assessment and decisions made; and (2) prior to making an award after limiting competition to local entities— (A) each successful local entity has been determined to be responsible in accordance with USAID guidelines; and (B) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that award funding is used for its intended purposes; and (3) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed. (b) R
EPORT .—In addition to the require-ments of subsection (a)(1), the USAID Ad-ministrator shall report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 45 days after the end of fiscal year 2018 on all awards subject to limited or no competition for local entities: Provided, That such report shall be posted on the USAID Web site: Pro- vided further, That the requirements of this subsection shall only apply to awards in ex-cess of $3,000,000 and sole source awards to local entities in excess of $2,000,000. (c) E
XTENSION OF PROCUREMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 7077 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  S
EC. 7029. (a) E VALUATIONS AND REPORT .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution adopts and im-plements a publicly available policy, includ-ing the strategic use of peer reviews and ex-ternal experts, to conduct independent, in- depth evaluations of the effectiveness of at least 25 percent of all loans, grants, pro-grams, and significant analytical non-lend-ing activities in advancing the institution’s goals of reducing poverty and promoting eq-uitable economic growth, consistent with relevant safeguards, to ensure that decisions to support such loans, grants, programs, and activities are based on accurate data and ob-jective analysis: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations on steps taken in fiscal year 2017 by the United States execu-tive directors and the international financial institutions consistent with this subsection compared to the previous fiscal year. (b) S
AFEGUARDS .— (1) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-struct the United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International De-velopment Association to vote against any loan, grant, policy, or strategy if such insti-tution has adopted and is implementing any social or environmental safeguard relevant to such loan, grant, policy, or strategy that provides less protection than World Bank safeguards in effect on September 30, 2015. (2) The Secretary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to vote against loans or other financing for projects unless such projects— (A) provide for accountability and trans-parency, including the collection, verification and publication of beneficial ownership information related to extractive industries and on-site monitoring during the life of the project; (B) will be developed and carried out in ac-cordance with best practices regarding envi-ronmental conservation; cultural protection; and empowerment of local populations, in-cluding free, prior and informed consent of affected indigenous communities; (C) do not provide incentives for, or facili-tate, forced displacement; and (D) do not partner with or otherwise in-volve enterprises owned or controlled by the armed forces. (c) COMPENSATION .—None of the funds ap-propriated under title V of this Act may be made as payment to any international finan-cial institution while the United States exec-utive director to such institution is com-pensated by the institution at a rate which, together with whatever compensation such executive director receives from the United States, is in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, or while any alternate United States executive direc-tor to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a posi-tion at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (d) H
UMAN RIGHTS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States ex-ecutive director of each international finan-cial institution to seek to require that such institution conducts rigorous human rights due diligence and risk management, as ap-propriate, in connection with any loan, grant, policy, or strategy of such institution: Provided, That prior to voting on any such loan, grant, policy, or strategy the executive director shall consult with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, if the exec-utive director has reason to believe that such loan, grant, policy, or strategy could result in forced displacement or other viola-tion of human rights. (e) F
RAUD AND CORRUPTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each inter-national financial institution to promote in loan, grant, and other financing agreements improvements in borrowing countries’ finan-cial management and judicial capacity to in-vestigate, prosecute, and punish fraud and corruption. (f) B
ENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INFORMATION .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution collects, verifies, and publishes, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, beneficial ownership infor-mation (excluding proprietary information) for any corporation or limited liability com-pany, other than a publicly listed company, that receives funds from any such financial institution: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations on steps taken in fis-cal year 2017 by the United States executive directors and the international financial in-stitutions consistent with this subsection compared to the previous fiscal year. (g) W
HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that each such institution is effec-tively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistleblowers from re-taliation, including best practices for— (1) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosure; (2) legal burdens of proof; (3) statutes of limitation for reporting re-taliation; (4) access to independent adjudicative bod-ies, including external arbitration; and (5) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation. DEBT -FOR-DEVELOPMENT  S
EC. 7030. In order to enhance the contin-ued participation of nongovernmental orga-nizations in debt-for-development and debt- for-nature exchanges, a nongovernmental or-ganization which is a grantee or contractor of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development may place in interest bearing accounts local currencies which ac-crue to that organization as a result of eco-nomic assistance provided under title III of this Act and, subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations, any interest earned on such in-vestment shall be used for the purpose for which the assistance was provided to that or-ganization. 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
TRANSPARENCY  S
EC. 7031. (a) L IMITATION ON DIRECT GOV-
ERNMENT -TO-GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for direct government-to-government assistance only if— (A)(i) each implementing agency or min-istry to receive assistance has been assessed and is considered to have the systems re-quired to manage such assistance and any identified vulnerabilities or weaknesses of such agency or ministry have been ad-dressed; (ii) the recipient agency or ministry em-ploys and utilizes staff with the necessary technical, financial, and management capa-bilities; (iii) the recipient agency or ministry has adopted competitive procurement policies and systems; (iv) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that such as-sistance is used for its intended purposes; (v) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed; and (vi) the government of the recipient coun-try is taking steps to publicly disclose on an annual basis its national budget, to include income and expenditures; (B) the recipient government is in compli-ance with the principles set forth in section 7013 of this Act; (C) the recipient agency or ministry is not headed or controlled by an organization des-ignated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (D) the Government of the United States and the government of the recipient country have agreed, in writing, on clear and achiev-able objectives for the use of such assistance, which should be made available on a cost-re-imbursable basis; and (E) the recipient government is taking steps to protect the rights of civil society, including freedoms of expression, associa-tion, and assembly. (2) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .—In ad- dition to the requirements in paragraph (1), no funds may be made available for direct government-to-government assistance with-out prior consultation with, and notification 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1922 March 22, 2018 
of, the Committees on Appropriations: Pro- vided, That such notification shall contain an explanation of how the proposed activity meets the requirements of paragraph (1): Pro- vided further, That the requirements of this paragraph shall only apply to direct govern-ment-to-government assistance in excess of $10,000,000 and all funds available for cash transfer, budget support, and cash payments to individuals. (3) S
USPENSION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Ad- ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development or the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall suspend any direct government-to-government assistance if the Administrator or the Secretary has credible information of material misuse of such assistance, unless the Administrator or the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is in the national in-terest of the United States to continue such assistance, including a justification, or that such misuse has been appropriately ad-dressed. (4) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of State shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations, concurrent with the fiscal year 2019 congressional budget jus-tification materials, amounts planned for as-sistance described in paragraph (1) by coun-try, proposed funding amount, source of funds, and type of assistance. (5) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act and every 6 months thereafter until September 30, 2019, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report that— (A) details all assistance described in para-graph (1) provided during the previous 6- month period by country, funding amount, source of funds, and type of such assistance; and (B) the type of procurement instrument or mechanism utilized and whether the assist-ance was provided on a reimbursable basis. (6) D
EBT SERVICE PAYMENT PROHIBITION .— None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the government of any for-eign country for debt service payments owed by any country to any international finan-cial institution: Provided, That for purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘international fi-nancial institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 7034(r)(3) of this Act. (b) N
ATIONAL BUDGET AND CONTRACT  T
RANSPARENCY .— (1) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS OF FISCAL  
TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary of State shall continue to update and strengthen the ‘‘minimum requirements of fiscal trans-parency’’ for each government receiving as-sistance appropriated by this Act, as identi-fied in the report required by section 7031(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113– 76). (2) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of paragraph (1), ‘‘minimum requirements of fiscal trans-parency’’ are requirements consistent with those in subsection (a)(1), and the public dis-closure of national budget documentation (to include receipts and expenditures by min-istry) and government contracts and licenses for natural resource extraction (to include bidding and concession allocation practices). (3) D
ETERMINATION AND REPORT .—For each government identified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, shall make or update any determination of ‘‘significant progress’’ or ‘‘no significant progress’’ in meeting the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency, and make such determinations publicly available in an annual ‘‘Fiscal Transparency Report’’ to be posted on the Department of State Web site: Provided, That the Secretary shall identify the significant progress made by each such government to publicly disclose national budget docu-mentation, contracts, and licenses which are additional to such information disclosed in previous fiscal years, and include specific recommendations of short- and long-term steps such government should take to im-prove fiscal transparency: Provided further, That the annual report shall include a de-tailed description of how funds appropriated by this Act are being used to improve fiscal transparency, and identify benchmarks for measuring progress. (4) ASSISTANCE .—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for programs and activities to assist govern-ments identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to improve budget transparency and to support civil society organizations in such countries that promote budget transparency: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Pro- vided further, That a description of the uses of such funds shall be included in the annual ‘‘Fiscal Transparency Report’’ required by paragraph (3). (c) A
NTI-KLEPTOCRACY AND HUMAN  R
IGHTS .— (1) I
NELIGIBILITY .— (A) Officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary of State has credible in-formation have been involved in significant corruption, including corruption related to the extraction of natural resources, or a gross violation of human rights shall be in-eligible for entry into the United States. (B) The Secretary shall also publicly or privately designate or identify officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary has such credible information without regard to whether the individual has applied for a visa. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Individuals shall not be in-eligible if entry into the United States would further important United States law enforce-ment objectives or is necessary to permit the United States to fulfill its obligations under the United Nations Headquarters Agreement: Provided, That nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to derogate from United States Government obligations under applicable international agreements. (3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that the waiver would serve a compelling national interest or that the cir-cumstances which caused the individual to be ineligible have changed sufficiently. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report, including a clas-sified annex if necessary, to the Committees on Appropriations and the Committees on the Judiciary describing the information re-lated to corruption or violation of human rights concerning each of the individuals found ineligible in the previous 12 months pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) as well as the individuals who the Secretary designated or identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), or who would be ineligible but for the applica-tion of paragraph (2), a list of any waivers provided under paragraph (3), and the jus-tification for each waiver. (5) P
OSTING OF REPORT .—Any unclassified portion of the report required under para-graph (4) shall be posted on the Department of State Web site. (6) C
LARIFICATION .—For purposes of para-graphs (1)(B), (4), and (5), the records of the Department of State and of diplomatic and consular offices of the United States per-taining to the issuance or refusal of visas or permits to enter the United States shall not be considered confidential. (d) NETWORKS OF CORRUPTION .—If the Sec-retary of State has credible information of networks of corruption involving the partici-pation of, or support from, a senior official in a country that receives assistance funded by this Act under titles III or IV, the Sec-retary shall update the report on such net-works required by section 7031(d) of the De-partment of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). (e) E
XTRACTION OF NATURAL RESOURCES .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to promote and support transparency and accountability of expenditures and revenues related to the extraction of natural resources, including by strengthening implementation and moni-toring of the Extractive Industries Trans-parency Initiative, implementing and enforc-ing section 8204 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2052) and the amendments made by such section, and to prevent the sale of con-flict diamonds, and provide technical assist-ance to promote independent audit mecha-nisms and support civil society participation in natural resource management. (2) U
NITED STATES POLICY .— (A) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-form the management of the international financial institutions, and post on the De-partment of the Treasury Web site, that it is the policy of the United States to vote against any assistance by such institutions (including any loan, credit, grant, or guar-antee) to any country for the extraction and export of a natural resource if the govern-ment of such country has in place laws, regu-lations, or procedures to prevent or limit the public disclosure of company payments as required by United States law, and unless such government has adopted laws, regula-tions, or procedures in the sector in which assistance is being considered for— (i) accurately accounting for and public disclosure of payments to the host govern-ment by companies involved in the extrac-tion and export of natural resources; (ii) the independent auditing of accounts receiving such payments and public disclo-sure of the findings of such audits; and (iii) public disclosure of such documents as Host Government Agreements, Concession Agreements, and bidding documents, allow-ing in any such dissemination or disclosure for the redaction of, or exceptions for, infor-mation that is commercially proprietary or that would create competitive disadvantage. (B) The requirements of subparagraph (A) shall not apply to assistance for the purpose of building the capacity of such government to meet the requirements of this subpara-graph. (f) F
OREIGN ASSISTANCE WEBSITE.—Funds appropriated by this Act under titles I and II, and funds made available for any inde-pendent agency in title III, as appropriate, shall be made available to support the provi-sion of additional information on United States Government foreign assistance on the Department of State foreign assistance Web site: Provided, That all Federal agencies funded under this Act shall provide such in-formation on foreign assistance, upon re-quest, to the Department of State. 
DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS  S
EC. 7032. (a) F UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Develop-ment Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $2,308,517,000 shall be made available for democracy pro-grams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1923 March 22, 2018 
(2) P ROGRAMS .—Of the funds made avail-able for democracy programs pursuant to paragraph (1), the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall administer an amount not less than the amount administered in fiscal year 2017 under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Funds made available by this Act for democracy programs may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, and with regard to the Na-tional Endowment for Democracy, any regu-lation. (c) D
EFINITION OF DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS .— For purposes of funds appropriated by this Act, the term ‘‘democracy programs’’ means programs that support good governance, credible and competitive elections, freedom of expression, association, assembly, and re-ligion, human rights, labor rights, inde-pendent media, and the rule of law, and that otherwise strengthen the capacity of demo-cratic political parties, governments, non-governmental organizations and institu-tions, and citizens to support the develop-ment of democratic states, and institutions that are responsive and accountable to citi-zens. (d) P
ROGRAM PRIORITIZATION .—Funds made available pursuant to this section that are made available for programs to strengthen government institutions shall be prioritized for those institutions that demonstrate a commitment to democracy and the rule of law, as determined by the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate. (e) R
ESTRICTION ON PRIOR APPROVAL .—With respect to the provision of assistance for de-mocracy programs in this Act, the organiza-tions implementing such assistance, the spe-cific nature of that assistance, and the par-ticipants in such programs shall not be sub-ject to the prior approval by the government of any foreign country: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in coordination with the USAID Administrator, shall report to the Committees on Appropriations, not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, detailing steps taken by the Department of State and USAID to comply with the re-quirements of this subsection. (f) C
ONTINUATION OF CURRENT PRACTICES .— USAID shall continue to implement civil so-ciety and political competition and con-sensus building programs abroad with funds appropriated by this Act in a manner that recognizes the unique benefits of grants and cooperative agreements in implementing such programs: Provided, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the ability of any entity, including United States small businesses, from competing for proposals for USAID-funded civil society and political competition and consensus building programs. (g) C
OUNTRY STRATEGY REVIEWS .—Prior to the obligation of funds made available by this Act for Department of State and USAID democracy programs for a nondemocratic or democratic transitioning country for which a country strategy has been concluded after the date of enactment of this Act, as re-quired by section 2111(c)(1) of the ADVANCE Democracy Act of 2007 (title XXI of Public Law 110–53; 22 U.S.C. 8211) or similar provi-sion of law or regulation, the Under Sec-retary for Civilian Security, Democracy and Human Rights, Department of State, in con-sultation with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, De-partment of State, and the Assistant Admin-istrator for Democracy, Conflict, and Hu-manitarian Assistance, USAID, shall review such strategy to ensure that it includes— (1) specific goals and objectives for such program, including a specific plan and timeline to measure impacts; (2) an assessment of the risks associated with the conduct of such program to in-tended beneficiaries and implementers, in-cluding steps to support and protect such in-dividuals; and (3) the funding requirements to initiate and sustain such program in fiscal year 2018 and subsequent fiscal years, as appropriate: Provided, That for the purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘nondemocratic or demo-cratic transitioning country’’ shall have the same meaning as in section 2104(6) of the AD-VANCE Democracy Act of 2007. (h) COMMUNICATION AND REPORTS .— (1) I
NFORMING THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT  
FOR DEMOCRACY .—The Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, and the Assistant Ad-ministrator for Democracy, Conflict, and Hu-manitarian Assistance, USAID, shall regu-larly inform the National Endowment for Democracy of democracy programs that are planned and supported by funds made avail-able by this Act and prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. (2) R
EPORTS .— (A) F
UNDING INSTRUMENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations a re-port detailing the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements in the conduct of democracy programs with funds made available by the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31), which shall include funding level, account, program sector and subsector, and a brief summary of purpose. (B) P
ROGRAM CHANGES .—The Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appro-priate, shall report to the appropriate con-gressional committees within 30 days of a de-cision to significantly change the objectives or the content of a democracy program or to close such a program due to the increasingly repressive nature of the host country govern-ment: Provided, That the report shall also in-clude a strategy for continuing support for democracy promotion, if such programming is feasible, and may be submitted in classi-fied form, if necessary. (i) P
ROTECTION OF CIVILSOCIETY ACTIVISTS  
ANDJOURNALISTS .— (1) P
LAN.—Not later than 120 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a diplomatic and pro-grammatic action plan to support and pro-tect civil society activists and journalists who have been threatened, harassed, or at-tacked for peacefully exercising their rights of free expression, association, or assembly: Provided, That the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor (DRL), Department of State, shall develop such action plan in coordination with the relevant bureaus and offices of the Depart-ment of State and USAID. (2) F
UNDS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’ and ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for programs and activities to implement the action plan described in paragraph (1): Pro- vided, That such funds may only be made available following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That such funds shall be allocated to, and administered by, DRL and relevant bu-reaus and offices of the Department of State and USAID, and are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  S
EC. 7033. (a) I NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS  F
REEDOM OFFICE AND SPECIAL ENVOY TO PRO-
MOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .— (1) O
PERATIONS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ shall be made available for the Office of International Religious Freedom, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, the Office of the Ambassador-at-Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, and the Special Envoy to Promote Religious Freedom of Re-ligious Minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia, as authorized in the Near East and South Central Asia Religious Freedom Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–161), in-cluding for support staff at not less than the amounts specified for such offices in the table under such heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (2) C
URRICULUM .—Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ and designated for the Office of International Religious Freedom shall be made available for the development and im-plementation of an international religious freedom curriculum in accordance with sec-tion 708(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028(a)(2)). (b) A
SSISTANCE .— (1) I
NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM PRO -
GRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Democracy Fund’’ and available for the Human Rights and De-mocracy Fund, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for international religious freedom programs: Provided, That the Am-bassador-at-Large for International Reli-gious Freedom shall consult with the Com-mittees on Appropriations on the uses of such funds. (2) P
ROTECTION AND INVESTIGATION PRO -
GRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for programs to protect vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities: Pro- vided, That a portion of such funds shall be made available for programs to investigate the persecution of such minorities by gov-ernments and non-state actors and for the public dissemination of information col-lected on such persecution, including on the Department of State Web site. (3) H
UMANITARIAN PROGRAMS .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ shall be made available for humanitarian assistance for vulnerable and persecuted religious mi-norities, including victims of genocide des-ignated by the Secretary of State and other groups that have suffered crimes against hu-manity and ethnic cleansing, to— (A) facilitate the implementation of an im-mediate, coordinated, and sustained response to provide humanitarian assistance; (B) enhance protection of conflict victims, including those facing a dire humanitarian crisis and severe persecution because of their faith or ethnicity; and (C) improve access to secure locations for obtaining humanitarian and resettlement services. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE , RECONCILIATION , 
AND REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for the Relief and Recovery Fund, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made avail-able to support transitional justice, rec-onciliation, and reintegration programs for vulnerable and persecuted religious minori-ties, including in the Middle East and North Africa regions: Provided, That such funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1924 March 22, 2018 
shall be matched, to the maximum extent practicable, from sources other than the United States Government. (5) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR FUNDS .—Funds made available by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be the responsibility of the Ambas-sador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, in consultation with other rel-evant United States Government officials. (c) I
NTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Governors, Inter-national Broadcasting Operations’’ shall be made available for programs related to inter-national religious freedom, including report-ing on the condition of vulnerable and per-secuted religious groups. (d) A
TROCITIES PREVENTION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for programs to prevent atrocities, including to implement recommendations of the Atrocities Prevention Board: Provided, That the Under Secretary for Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, and Human Rights, Depart-ment of State, shall be responsible for pro-viding the strategic policy direction for, and policy oversight of, funds made available pursuant to this subsection to the Bureaus of International Narcotics and Law Enforce-ment Affairs and Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided further, That such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (e) F
UNDING CLARIFICATION .—Funds made available pursuant to subsections (b) and (d) are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 7034. (a) V ICTIMS OF WAR, DISPLACED  C
HILDREN , AND DISPLACED BURMESE .—Funds appropriated in titles III and VI of this Act that are made available for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, and to combat trafficking in persons and assist victims of such trafficking, may be made available notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law. (b) L
AWENFORCEMENT AND SECURITY .— (1) C
HILD SOLDIERS .—Funds appropriated by this Act should not be used to support any military training or operations that include child soldiers. (2) C
ROWD CONTROL ITEMS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act should not be used for tear gas, small arms, light weapons, ammu-nition, or other items for crowd control pur-poses for foreign security forces that use ex-cessive force to repress peaceful expression, association, or assembly in countries under-going democratic transition. (3) D
ISARMAMENT , DEMOBILIZATION , AND RE -
INTEGRATION .—Section 7034(d) of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (di-vision J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (4) F
ORENSIC ASSISTANCE .— (A) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available for forensic anthropology assist-ance related to the exhumation and identi-fication of victims of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide, which shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That such funds shall be in addition to funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for assistance for countries. (B) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $6,000,000 shall be made available for DNA forensic technology programs to com-bat human trafficking in Central America and Mexico. (5) INTERNATIONAL PRISON CONDITIONS .— Section 7065 of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (6) R
ECONSTITUTING CIVILIAN POLICE AU -
THORITY .—In providing assistance with funds appropriated by this Act under section 660(b)(6) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, support for a nation emerging from in-stability may be deemed to mean support for regional, district, municipal, or other sub- national entity emerging from instability, as well as a nation emerging from instability. (7) S
ECURITY ASSISTANCE REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on funds obligated and expended during fis-cal year 2017, by country and purpose of as-sistance, under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘International Military Edu-cation and Training’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’. (8) F
OREIGN MILITARY SALES AND FOREIGN  
MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM .— (A) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales shall be made available to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of programs authorized by Chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided, That prior to the obli-gation of funds for such purposes, the Sec-retary of State shall consult with the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (B) Q
UARTERLY STATUS REPORT .—Following the submission of the quarterly report re-quired by section 36 of Public Law 90–629 (22 U.S.C. 2776), the Secretary of State, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a status report that contains the information described under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ in House Report 115–253. (9) V
ETTING REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees on foreign assistance cases submitted for vetting for purposes of section 620M of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 during the preceding fis-cal year, including— (i) the total number of cases submitted, ap-proved, suspended, or rejected for human rights reasons; and (ii) for cases rejected, a description of the steps taken to assist the foreign government in taking effective measures to bring the re-sponsible members of the security forces to justice, in accordance with section 620M(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (B) F
ORM.—The report required by this paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may be accompanied by a classi-fied annex. (10) A
NNUAL FOREIGN MILITARY TRAINING RE -
PORT .—For the purposes of implementing section 656 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the term ‘‘military training provided to foreign military personnel by the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of State’’ shall be deemed to include all mili-tary training provided by foreign govern-ments with funds appropriated to the De-partment of Defense or the Department of State, except for training provided by the government of a country designated by sec-tion 517(b) of such Act as a major non-NATO ally. (11) ASSISTANCE TO ELIMINATE TORTURE .— Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available, notwith-standing section 660 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 and following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, for assistance to eliminate torture by foreign police, military or other security forces in countries receiving assistance from funds ap-propriated by this Act. (12) C
OMBAT CASUALTY CARE .— (A) Consistent with the objectives of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act, funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financ-ing Program’’ shall be made available for combat casualty training and equipment. (B) The Secretary of State shall offer com-bat casualty care training and equipment as a component of any package of lethal assist-ance funded by this Act with funds appro-priated under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financ-ing Program’’: Provided, That the require-ment of this paragraph shall apply to a coun-try in conflict, unless the Secretary deter-mines that such country has in place, to the maximum extent practicable, functioning combat casualty care treatment and equip-ment that meets or exceeds the standards recommended by the Committee on Tactical Combat Casualty Care: Provided further, That any such training and equipment for combat casualty care shall be made available through an open and transparent process. (c) W
ORLD FOODPROGRAMME .— (1) C
ONTRIBUTION .—Funds managed by the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Human-itarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development, from this or any other Act, may be made available as a gen-eral contribution to the World Food Pro-gramme, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law. (2) P
ROGRAM TO LEVERAGE ADDITIONAL CON -
TRIBUTIONS .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to leverage addi-tional contributions for the World Food Pro-gramme from sources other than the United States Government: Provided, That the Sec-retary of State shall consult with the Com-mittees on Appropriations on implementa-tion of this paragraph. (d) D
IRECTIVES AND AUTHORITIES .— (1) R
ESEARCH AND TRAINING .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall be made available to carry out the Program for Research and Training on Eastern Europe and the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union as authorized by the Soviet-Eastern European Research and Training Act of 1983 (22 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.). (2) G
ENOCIDE VICTIMS MEMORIAL SITES .— Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs under the headings ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be made available as contributions to establish and maintain memorial sites of genocide, subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—Of the amounts made available by title I of this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, up to $500,000 may be made avail-able for grants pursuant to section 504 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 2656d), including to fa-cilitate collaboration with indigenous com-munities, and up to $1,000,000 may be made available for grants to carry out the activi-ties of the Cultural Antiquities Task Force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1925 March 22, 2018 
(4) I NNOVATION .—The USAID Administrator may use funds appropriated by this Act under title III to make innovation incentive awards: Provided, That each individual award may not exceed $100,000: Provided further, That no more than 10 such awards may be made during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That for purposes of this paragraph the term ‘‘innovation incentive award’’ means the provision of funding on a competitive basis that— (A) encourages and rewards the develop-ment of solutions for a particular, well-de-fined problem related to the alleviation of poverty; or (B) helps identify and promote a broad range of ideas and practices facilitating fur-ther development of an idea or practice by third parties. (5) E
XCHANGE VISITOR PROGRAM .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to modify the Exchange Visitor Pro-gram administered by the Department of State to implement the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961, as amend-ed, (Public Law 87–256; 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.), except through the formal rulemaking proc-ess pursuant to the Administrative Proce-dures Act and notwithstanding the excep-tions to such rulemaking process in such Act: Provided, That funds made available for such purpose shall only be made available after consultation with, and subject to the regular notification procedures of, the Com-mittees on Appropriations, regarding how any proposed modification would affect the public diplomacy goals of, and the estimated economic impact on, the United States. (6) R
EPORT .—The report required by sec-tion 502(d) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division N of Public Law 115–31; 22 U.S.C. 254a note) shall be pro-vided to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) P
ARTNER VETTING .—The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator may ini-tiate a partner vetting program to mitigate the risk of diversion of foreign assistance, or make significant modifications to any exist-ing partner vetting program, only following consultation with the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided, That the Secretary and Administrator should provide a direct vet-ting option for prime awardees in any part-ner vetting program initiated after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) C
ONTINGENCIES .—During fiscal year 2018, the President may use up to $125,000,000 under the authority of section 451 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (g) I
NTERNATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTIONS .—The Secretary of State should withhold funds ap-propriated under title III of this Act for as-sistance for the central government of any country that is not taking appropriate steps to comply with the Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abductions, done at the Hague on October 25, 1980: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of withholding funds under this sub-section. (h) C
ULTURAL PRESERVATION PROJECT DE-
TERMINATION .—None of the funds appro-priated in titles I and III of this Act may be used for the preservation of religious sites unless the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports to the Committees on Appropria-tions that such sites are historically, artis-tically, or culturally significant, that the purpose of the project is neither to advance nor to inhibit the free exercise of religion, and that the project is in the national inter-est of the United States. (i) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS FOR EXTRAOR -
DINARY PROTECTION .—The Secretary of State may transfer to, and merge with, funds under the heading ‘‘Protection of Foreign Missions and Officials’’ unobligated balances of expired funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’ for fiscal year 2018, except for funds designated for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, at no later than the end of the fifth fis-cal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated: Provided, That not more than $50,000,000 may be transferred. (j) AUTHORITY TO COUNTER EXTREMISM .— Funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ to counter extremism may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law restricting assistance to foreign countries, except sections 502B and 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided, That the use of the authority of this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appro-priate congressional committees, and the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (k) P
ROTECTIONS AND REMEDIES FOR EM-
PLOYEES OF DIPLOMATIC MISSIONS AND INTER -
NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Section 7034(k) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (l) E
XTENSION OF AUTHORITIES .— (1) P
ASSPORT FEES .—Section 1(b)(2) of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 (22 U.S.C. 214(b)(2)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2010’’. (2) I
NCENTIVES FOR CRITICAL POSTS .—The authority contained in section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Pub-lic Law 111–32) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (3) USAID 
CIVIL SERVICE ANNUITANT WAIV -
ER.—Section 625(j)(1) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2385(j)(1)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘October 1, 2010’’ in subparagraph (B). (4) O
VERSEAS PAY COMPARABILITY AND LIMI -
TATION .— (A) Subject to the limitation described in subparagraph (B), the authority provided by section 1113 of the Supplemental Appropria-tions Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) shall re-main in effect through September 30, 2018. (B) The authority described in subpara-graph (A) may not be used to pay an eligible member of the Foreign Service (as defined in section 1113(b) of the Supplemental Appro-priations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32)) a lo-cality-based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that exceeds two-thirds of the amount of the locality-based com-parability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such member under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, if such member’s official duty station were in the District of Columbia. (5) C
ATEGORICAL ELIGIBILITY .—The Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167) is amended— (A) in section 599D (8 U.S.C. 1157 note)— (i) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, and 2018’’; and (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (B) in section 599E (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018’’. (6) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL ANNUITANT WAIV -
ER.—The authorities provided in section 1015(b) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–212) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (7) EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCKPILE  
AUTHORITY .— (A) Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (B) Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018, and 2019’’. (8) A
CCOUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARDS .—The authority provided by section 301(a)(3) of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831(a)(3)) shall be in effect for facilities in Afghanistan through September 30, 2018, ex-cept that the notification and reporting re-quirements contained in such section shall include the Committees on Appropriations. (m) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are available for monitoring and evaluation of assistance under the headings ‘‘Development Assist-ance’’, ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ shall, as appropriate, be made available for the regular collection of feedback obtained directly from beneficiaries on the quality and relevance of such assistance: Provided, That the Department of State and USAID shall, as appropriate, require implementing partners that receive funds under such head-ings to establish procedures for regularly collecting and responding to such feedback, inform the Department of State and USAID of such procedures, and report to the Depart-ment of State and USAID on actions taken in response to the feedback received: Pro- vided further, That the Department of State and USAID shall conduct regular oversight to ensure that such feedback is collected and used by implementing partners to maximize the cost-effectiveness and utility of such as-sistance. (n) HIV/AIDS W
ORKING CAPITAL FUND.— Funds available in the HIV/AIDS Working Capital Fund established pursuant to section 525(b)(1) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447) may be made available for pharmaceuticals and other products for child survival, malaria, and tuberculosis to the same extent as HIV/ AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, subject to the terms and conditions in such section: Provided, That the authority in sec-tion 525(b)(5) of the Foreign Operations, Ex-port Financing, and Related Programs Ap-propriation Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447) shall be exercised by the Assistant Adminis-trator for Global Health, USAID, with re-spect to funds deposited for such non-HIV/ AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, and shall be subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of State shall include in the congres-sional budget justification an accounting of budgetary resources, disbursements, bal-ances, and reimbursements related to such fund. (o) L
OANS AND ENTERPRISE FUNDS .— (1) L
OAN GUARANTEES .—Funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Egypt, Jordan, Iraq, Tunisia, and Ukraine, which are authorized to be provided: Pro- vided, That amounts made available under this paragraph for the costs of such guaran-tees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting as-sistance to a country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1926 March 22, 2018 
(2) E NTERPRISE FUNDS .—Funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’ in this Act may be made avail-able to establish and operate one or more en-terprise funds for Egypt, Jordan, and Tuni-sia: Provided, That the first, third and fifth provisos under section 7041(b) of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (di-vision I of Public Law 112–74) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for an enterprise fund or funds to the same extent and in the same manner as such provision of law applied to funds made available under such section (except that the clause exclud-ing subsection (d)(3) of section 201 of the SEED Act shall not apply): Provided further, That in addition to the previous proviso, the authorities in the matter preceding the first proviso of such section may apply to any such enterprise fund or funds: Provided fur-ther, That the authority of any such enter-prise fund or funds to provide assistance shall cease to be effective on December 31, 2028. (3) D
ESIGNATION REQUIREMENT .—Funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1) from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that were previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of such Act. (4) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds made available pursuant to the au-thorities of this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (p) L
OCAL WORKS .— (1) The ‘‘Small Grants Program’’ estab-lished pursuant to section 7080 of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (di-vision J of Public Law 113–235) shall here-after be referred to as ‘‘Local Works’’. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assist-ance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, not less than $47,000,000 shall be made available for Local Works pursuant to sec-tion 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), which may remain available until September 30, 2022. (3) For the purposes of section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), ‘‘eligi-ble entities’’ shall be defined as small local, international, and United States-based non-governmental organizations, educational in-stitutions, and other small entities that have received less than a total of $5,000,000 from USAID over the previous 5 fiscal years: Provided, That departments or centers of such educational institutions may be consid-ered individually in determining such eligi-bility. (q) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Inspector General of the Department of State may waive the provisions of subsections (a) through (d) of section 824 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4064) on a case- by-case basis for an annuitant reemployed by the Inspector General on a temporary basis, subject to the same constraints and in the same manner by which the Secretary of State may exercise such waiver authority pursuant to subsection (g) of such section. (r) DEFINITIONS .— (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) F
UNDS APPROPRIATED BY THIS ACT AND  
PRIOR ACTS .—Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term ‘‘funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams’’ means funds that remain available for obligation, and have not expired. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .—In this Act ‘‘international financial institutions’’ means the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the Inter-American Development Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Asian De-velopment Bank, the Asian Development Fund, the Inter-American Investment Cor-poration, the North American Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the African Development Bank, the African Development Fund, and the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency. (4) S
OUTHERN KORDOFAN REFERENCE .—Any reference to Southern Kordofan in this or any other Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be deemed to include portions of Western Kordofan that were pre-viously part of Southern Kordofan prior to the 2013 division of Southern Kordofan. (5) USAID.—In this Act, the term ‘‘USAID’’ means the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. (6) S
PEND PLAN .—In this Act, the term ‘‘spend plan’’ means a plan for the uses of funds appropriated for a particular entity, country, program, purpose, or account and which shall include, at a minimum, a de-scription of— (A) realistic and sustainable goals, criteria for measuring progress, and a timeline for achieving such goals; (B) amounts and sources of funds by ac-count; (C) how such funds will complement other ongoing or planned programs; and (D) implementing partners, to the max-imum extent practicable. (7) C
LARIFICATION .—In this Act, the terms ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ and ‘‘Under Sec-retary’’ shall include individuals appointed by the President and confirmed by the Sen-ate to serve in such designated positions, as well as individuals serving in acting capac-ities or performing functions pursuant to alter ego delegations with such designated ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ and ‘‘Under Sec-retary’’ positions. 
ARAB LEAGUE BOYCOTT OF ISRAEL  S
EC. 7035. It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Arab League boycott of Israel, and the secondary boycott of American firms that have commercial ties with Israel, is an impediment to peace in the region and to United States investment and trade in the Middle East and North Africa; (2) the Arab League boycott, which was re-grettably reinstated in 1997, should be imme-diately and publicly terminated, and the Central Office for the Boycott of Israel im-mediately disbanded; (3) all Arab League states should normalize relations with their neighbor Israel; (4) the President and the Secretary of State should continue to vigorously oppose the Arab League boycott of Israel and find concrete steps to demonstrate that opposi-tion by, for example, taking into consider-ation the participation of any recipient country in the boycott when determining to sell weapons to said country; and (5) the President should report to Congress annually on specific steps being taken by the United States to encourage Arab League states to normalize their relations with Israel to bring about the termination of the Arab League boycott of Israel, including those to encourage allies and trading part-ners of the United States to enact laws pro-hibiting businesses from complying with the boycott and penalizing businesses that do comply. PALESTINIAN STATEHOOD  S
EC. 7036. (a) L IMITATION ON ASSISTANCE .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be provided to support a Palestinian state unless the Sec-retary of State determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the governing entity of a new Pales-tinian state— (A) has demonstrated a firm commitment to peaceful co-existence with the State of Israel; and (B) is taking appropriate measures to counter terrorism and terrorist financing in the West Bank and Gaza, including the dis-mantling of terrorist infrastructures, and is cooperating with appropriate Israeli and other appropriate security organizations; and (2) the Palestinian Authority (or the gov-erning entity of a new Palestinian state) is working with other countries in the region to vigorously pursue efforts to establish a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace in the Middle East that will enable Israel and an independent Palestinian state to exist within the context of full and normal relationships, which should include— (A) termination of all claims or states of belligerency; (B) respect for and acknowledgment of the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and polit-ical independence of every state in the area through measures including the establish-ment of demilitarized zones; (C) their right to live in peace within se-cure and recognized boundaries free from threats or acts of force; (D) freedom of navigation through inter-national waterways in the area; and (E) a framework for achieving a just settle-ment of the refugee problem. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the governing entity should enact a constitution assuring the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and respect for human rights for its citizens, and should enact other laws and regulations assuring transparent and accountable governance. (c) W
AIVER .—The President may waive sub-section (a) if the President determines that it is important to the national security in-terest of the United States to do so. (d) E
XEMPTION .—The restriction in sub-section (a) shall not apply to assistance in-tended to help reform the Palestinian Au-thority and affiliated institutions, or the governing entity, in order to help meet the requirements of subsection (a), consistent with the provisions of section 7040 of this Act (‘‘Limitation on Assistance for the Pales-tinian Authority’’). 
RESTRICTIONS CONCERNING THE PALESTINIAN  
AUTHORITY  S
EC. 7037. None of the funds appropriated under titles II through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to create in any part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1927 March 22, 2018 
of Jerusalem a new office of any department or agency of the United States Government for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with the Pales-tinian Authority over Gaza and Jericho or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the Israel-PLO Declaration of Principles: Provided, That this restriction shall not apply to the acquisition of addi-tional space for the existing Consulate Gen-eral in Jerusalem: Provided further, That meetings between officers and employees of the United States and officials of the Pales-tinian Authority, or any successor Pales-tinian governing entity provided for in the Israel-PLO Declaration of Principles, for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with such authority should continue to take place in locations other than Jerusalem: Provided further, That as has been true in the past, officers and em-ployees of the United States Government may continue to meet in Jerusalem on other subjects with Palestinians (including those who now occupy positions in the Palestinian Authority), have social contacts, and have incidental discussions. 
PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE  
PALESTINIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION  S
EC. 7038. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical sup-port, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation. 
ASSISTANCE FOR THE WEST BANK AND GAZA  S
EC. 7039. (a) O VERSIGHT .—For fiscal year 2018, 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committees on Appropriations that procedures have been established to assure the Comptroller General of the United States will have access to appropriate United States financial information in order to review the uses of United States assistance for the Pro-gram funded under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for the West Bank and Gaza. (b) V
ETTING .—Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for as-sistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall take all appropriate steps to ensure that such assistance is not provided to or through any individual, pri-vate or government entity, or educational institution that the Secretary knows or has reason to believe advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has engaged in, terrorist ac-tivity nor, with respect to private entities or educational institutions, those that have as a principal officer of the entity’s governing board or governing board of trustees any in-dividual that has been determined to be in-volved in, or advocating terrorist activity or determined to be a member of a designated foreign terrorist organization: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, as appropriate, establish procedures specifying the steps to be taken in carrying out this subsection and shall terminate assistance to any individual, entity, or educational institution which the Secretary has determined to be involved in or advocating terrorist activity. (c) P
ROHIBITION .— (1) R
ECOGNITION OF ACTS OF TERRORISM .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act for assistance under the West Bank and Gaza Program may be made available for— (A) the purpose of recognizing or otherwise honoring individuals who commit, or have committed acts of terrorism; and (B) any educational institution located in the West Bank or Gaza that is named after an individual who the Secretary of State de-termines has committed an act of terrorism. (2) SECURITY ASSISTANCE AND REPORTING RE -
QUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds made avail-able by this or prior appropriations Acts, in-cluding funds made available by transfer, may be made available for obligation for se-curity assistance for the West Bank and Gaza until the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations on the benchmarks that have been established for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza and reports on the extent of Pales-tinian compliance with such benchmarks. (d) O
VERSIGHT BY THE UNITED STATES  A
GENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT .— (1) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that Federal or non-Federal audits of all contractors and grantees, and significant subcontractors and sub-grantees, under the West Bank and Gaza Program, are conducted at least on an annual basis to ensure, among other things, compliance with this section. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act, up to $1,000,000 may be used by the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agen-cy for International Development for audits, investigations, and other activities in fur-therance of the requirements of this sub-section: Provided, That such funds are in ad-dition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES AUDIT.—Subsequent to the certifi-cation specified in subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct an audit and an investigation of the treatment, handling, and uses of all funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, including all funds provided as cash transfer assistance, in fiscal year 2018 under the head-ing ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and such audit shall address— (1) the extent to which such Program com-plies with the requirements of subsections (b) and (c); and (2) an examination of all programs, projects, and activities carried out under such Program, including both obligations and expenditures. (f) N
OTIFICATION PROCEDURES .—Funds made available in this Act for West Bank and Gaza shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations updating the report contained in section 2106 of chapter 2 of title II of the Emergency Supplemental Appro-priations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13). 
LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE FOR THE  
PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY  S
EC. 7040. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be obligated or expended with respect to pro-viding funds to the Palestinian Authority. (b) W
AIVER .—The prohibition included in subsection (a) shall not apply if the Presi-dent certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Commit-tees on Appropriations that waiving such prohibition is important to the national se-curity interest of the United States. (c) P
ERIOD OF APPLICATION OF WAIVER .— Any waiver pursuant to subsection (b) shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORT .—Whenever the waiver author-ity pursuant to subsection (b) is exercised, the President shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the justification for the waiver, the purposes for which the funds will be spent, and the ac-counting procedures in place to ensure that the funds are properly disbursed: Provided, That the report shall also detail the steps the Palestinian Authority has taken to ar-rest terrorists, confiscate weapons and dis-mantle the terrorist infrastructure. (e) CERTIFICATION .—If the President exer-cises the waiver authority under subsection (b), the Secretary of State must certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations prior to the obligation of funds that the Pal-estinian Authority has established a single treasury account for all Palestinian Author-ity financing and all financing mechanisms flow through this account, no parallel fi-nancing mechanisms exist outside of the Pal-estinian Authority treasury account, and there is a single comprehensive civil service roster and payroll, and the Palestinian Au-thority is acting to counter incitement of vi-olence against Israelis and is supporting ac-tivities aimed at promoting peace, coexist-ence, and security cooperation with Israel. (f) P
ROHIBITION TO HAMAS AND THE PAL-
ESTINE LIBERATION ORGANIZATION .— (1) None of the funds appropriated in titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated for salaries of personnel of the Palestinian Authority located in Gaza or may be obli-gated or expended for assistance to Hamas or any entity effectively controlled by Hamas, any power-sharing government of which Hamas is a member, or that results from an agreement with Hamas and over which Hamas exercises undue influence. (2) Notwithstanding the limitation of para-graph (1), assistance may be provided to a power-sharing government only if the Presi-dent certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government, in-cluding all of its ministers or such equiva-lent, has publicly accepted and is complying with the principles contained in section 620K(b)(1) (A) and (B) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as amended. (3) The President may exercise the author-ity in section 620K(e) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as added by the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 446) with respect to this subsection. (4) Whenever the certification pursuant to paragraph (2) is exercised, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations within 120 days of the certification and every quarter thereafter on whether such government, including all of its ministers or such equivalent are con-tinuing to comply with the principles con-tained in section 620K(b)(1) (A) and (B) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended: Provided, That the report shall also detail the amount, purposes and delivery mecha-nisms for any assistance provided pursuant to the abovementioned certification and a full accounting of any direct support of such government. (5) None of the funds appropriated under ti-tles III through VI of this Act may be obli-gated for assistance for the Palestine Libera-tion Organization. 
MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA  S
EC. 7041. (a) E GYPT .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION AND REPORT .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act that are available for assistance for Egypt may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law restricting assistance for Egypt, except for this subsection and section 620M of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, and may only be made available for assistance for the Govern-ment of Egypt if the Secretary of State cer-tifies and reports to the Committees on Ap-propriations that such government is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1928 March 22, 2018 
(A) sustaining the strategic relationship with the United States; and (B) meeting its obligations under the 1979 Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty. (2) E
CONOMIC SUPPORT FUND .— (A) F
UNDING .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’, up to $112,500,000 may be made available for assistance for Egypt, of which not less than $35,000,000 should be made available for higher education programs in-cluding not less than $10,000,000 for scholar-ships for Egyptian students with high finan-cial need to attend not-for-profit institutions of higher education: Provided, That such funds shall be made available for democracy programs, and for development programs in the Sinai: Provided further, That such funds may not be made available for cash transfer assistance or budget support unless the Sec-retary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Egypt is taking con-sistent and effective steps to stabilize the economy and implement market-based eco-nomic reforms. (B) W
ITHHOLDING .—The Secretary of State shall withhold from obligation funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Egypt, an amount of such funds that the Sec-retary determines to be equivalent to that expended by the United States Government for bail, and by nongovernmental organiza-tions for legal and court fees, associated with democracy-related trials in Egypt until the Secretary certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Gov-ernment of Egypt has dismissed the convic-tions issued by the Cairo Criminal Court on June 4, 2013, in ‘‘Public Prosecution Case No. 1110 for the Year 2012’’. (C) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ may be made available for a contribu-tion, voluntary or otherwise, to the ‘‘Civil Associations and Foundations Support Fund’’, or any similar fund, established pur-suant to Law 70 on Associations and Other Foundations Working in the Field of Civil Work published in the Official Gazette of Egypt on May 29, 2017. (3) F
OREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO -
GRAM .— (A) C
ERTIFICATION .—Of the funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘For-eign Military Financing Program’’, up to $1,300,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, may be made available for assistance for Egypt: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to an interest bear-ing account in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That $300,000,000 of such funds shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that the Government of Egypt is taking sustained and effective steps to— (i) advance democracy and human rights in Egypt, including to govern democratically and protect religious minorities and the rights of women, which are in addition to steps taken during the previous calendar year for such purposes; (ii) implement reforms that protect free-doms of expression, association, and peaceful assembly, including the ability of civil soci-ety organizations, human rights defenders, and the media to function without inter-ference; (iii) release political prisoners and provide detainees with due process of law; (iv) hold Egyptian security forces account-able, including officers credibly alleged to have violated human rights; (v) investigate and prosecute cases of extrajudicial killings and forced disappear-ances; and (vi) provide regular access for United States officials to monitor such assistance in areas where the assistance is used: Provided further, That the certification re-quirement of this paragraph shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act under such heading for counterterrorism, border secu-rity, and nonproliferation programs for Egypt. (B) WAIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the certification requirement in sub-paragraph (A) if the Secretary determines and reports to the Committees on Appropria-tions that to do so is important to the na-tional security interest of the United States, and submits a report to such Committees containing a detailed justification for the use of such waiver and the reasons why any of the requirements of subparagraph (A) can-not be met, and including an assessment of the compliance of the Government of Egypt with United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 2270 and other such resolutions re-garding North Korea: Provided, That the re-port required by this paragraph shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may be ac-companied by a classified annex. (4) O
VERSIGHT REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of funds made available by this subsection for assistance for Egypt. (5) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on any plan to restructure military assistance for Egypt. (b) I
RAN.— (1) F
UNDING .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-ter-rorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ shall be used by the Secretary of State— (A) to support the United States policy to prevent Iran from achieving the capability to produce or otherwise obtain a nuclear weapon; (B) to support an expeditious response to any violation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231; (C) to support the implementation and en-forcement of sanctions against Iran for sup-port of terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile and weapons proliferation; and (D) for democracy programs for Iran, to be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (2) C
ONTINUATION OF PROHIBITION .—The terms and conditions of section 7041(c)(2) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112– 74) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (3) R
EPORTS .— (A) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the semi-annual report re-quired by section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2160e(d)(4)), as added by section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–17). (B) S
ANCTIONS REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the status of the implementation and enforcement of bilateral United States and multilateral sanctions against Iran and actions taken by the United States and the international community to enforce such sanctions against Iran: Provided, That the re-port shall also include any entities involved in providing significant support for the de-velopment of a ballistic missile by the Gov-ernment of Iran after October 1, 2015, includ-ing shipping and financing, and note whether such entities are currently under United States sanctions: Provided further, That such report shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. (c) IRAQ.— (1) P
URPOSES .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for Iraq to promote governance and security, and for stabilization programs, including in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq and other areas impacted by the conflict in Syria, and among religious and ethnic minority populations in Iraq: Provided, That such assistance shall be provided in accordance with the Constitution of Iraq: Provided further, That funds appro-priated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ should be made available for assistance for the Kurdistan Region of Iraq to address the needs of internally displaced persons and ref-ugees: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating funds made available for the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. (2) B
ASING RIGHTS AGREEMENT .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Govern-ment of the United States to enter into a permanent basing rights agreement between the United States and Iraq. (d) J
ORDAN .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $1,525,000,000 shall be made available for as-sistance for Jordan, of which: not less than $1,082,400,000 shall be made available under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, of which not less than $745,100,000 shall be made available for budget support for the Govern-ment of Jordan; and not less than $425,000,000 shall be made available under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’. (e) L
EBANON .— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be made available for the Lebanese Internal Security Forces (ISF) or the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) if the ISF or the LAF is controlled by a foreign terrorist organization, as designated pursu-ant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ that are available for assistance for Lebanon may be made available for programs and equipment for the ISF and the LAF to ad-dress security and stability requirements in areas affected by the conflict in Syria, fol-lowing consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (3) E
CONOMIC SUPPORT FUND .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ that are available for assistance for Lebanon may be made avail-able notwithstanding section 1224 of the For-eign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–228; 22 U.S.C. 2346 note). (4) F
OREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO -
GRAM .—In addition to the activities de-scribed in paragraph (2), funds appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1929 March 22, 2018 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ for assistance for Lebanon may be made available only to pro-fessionalize the LAF and to strengthen bor-der security and combat terrorism, including training and equipping the LAF to secure Lebanon’s borders, interdicting arms ship-ments, preventing the use of Lebanon as a safe haven for terrorist groups, and to imple-ment United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 1701: Provided, That funds may not be obligated for assistance for the LAF until the Secretary of State submits to the Com-mittees on Appropriations a spend plan, in-cluding actions to be taken to ensure equip-ment provided to the LAF is only used for the intended purposes, except such plan may not be considered as meeting the notifica-tion requirements under section 7015 of this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, and shall be submitted not later than September 1, 2018: Provided further, That any notification submitted pur-suant to such sections shall include any funds specifically intended for lethal mili-tary equipment. (f) L
IBYA.— (1) F
UNDING .—Funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Libya for programs to strengthen governing institutions and civil society, improve border security, and pro-mote stability in Libya, and for activities to address the humanitarian needs of the people of Libya: Provided, That section 7015(j) of this Act regarding notification of assistance diverted or destroyed shall apply to funds made available for assistance for Libya. (2) L
IMITATIONS .— (A) C
OOPERATION ON THE SEPTEMBER 2012 AT -
TACK ON UNITED STATES PERSONNEL AND FA -
CILITIES .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assist-ance for the central Government of Libya unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is cooperating with United States Government efforts to inves-tigate and bring to justice those responsible for the attack on United States personnel and facilities in Benghazi, Libya in Sep-tember 2012: Provided, That the limitation in this paragraph shall not apply to funds made available for the purpose of protecting United States Government personnel or fa-cilities. (B) I
NFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—The limi-tation on the uses of funds in section 7041(f)(2) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assist-ance for Libya. (3) C
ERTIFICATION .—Prior to the initial ob-ligation of funds made available by this Act for assistance for Libya, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations that all prac-ticable steps have been taken to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of funds made avail-able by this subsection for assistance for Libya. (g) M
OROCCO .— (1) A
VAILABILITY AND CONSULTATION RE -
QUIREMENT .—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for as-sistance for the Western Sahara: Provided, That not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act and prior to the obligation of such funds, the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the USAID Administrator, shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations on the proposed uses of such funds. (2) F
OREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO -
GRAM .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financ-ing Program’’ that are available for assist-ance for Morocco may only be used for the purposes requested in the Congressional Budget Justification, Foreign Operations, Fiscal Year 2017. (h) REFUGEE ASSISTANCE IN NORTH AFRI-
CA.—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, after con-sultation with the United Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees and the Executive Di-rector of the World Food Programme, shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations describing steps taken to strength-en monitoring of the delivery of humani-tarian assistance provided for refugees in North Africa, including any steps taken to ensure that all vulnerable refugees are re-ceiving such assistance. (i) N
ORTH AFRICA STRATEGY .—Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a strat-egy for United States engagement in North Africa, which shall include detailed informa-tion on how diplomatic engagement and as-sistance will be prioritized for such region, including to address economic and security needs. (j) R
ELIEF AND RECOVERY FUND.— (1) F
UNDS AND TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Peace-keeping Operations’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, not less than $500,000,000 shall be made available for the Relief and Recovery Fund for assistance for areas liberated from, at risk from, or under the control of, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, other terrorist organizations, or vio-lent extremist organizations in the Middle East and Africa, including for stabilization assistance for vulnerable ethnic and reli-gious minority communities affected by con-flict: Provided, That such funds are in addi-tion to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes and to amounts specifi-cally designated in this Act or in the explan-atory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this con-solidated Act) for assistance for countries: Provided further, That such funds appro-priated under such headings may be trans-ferred to, and merged with, funds appro-priated under such headings: Provided fur-ther, That such transfer authority is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided by this Act or any other Act, and is subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (2) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—Of the funds ap-propriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ that are made available for the Relief and Recovery Fund, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for pro-grams to promote accountability in Iraq and Syria for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, which shall be in addition to any other funds made available by this Act for such purposes: Provided, That such pro-grams shall include components to develop local investigative and judicial skills, and to collect and preserve evidence and maintain the chain of custody of evidence, including for use in prosecutions: Provided further, That such funds shall be administered by the Special Coordinator for the Office of Global Criminal Justice, Department of State: Pro- vided further, That funds made available by this paragraph shall only be made available on an open and competitive basis. (3) C
OST-MATCHING BASIS .—Funds appro-priated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available to the maximum extent prac-ticable on a cost-matching basis from sources other than the United States Gov-ernment. (k) SYRIA.— (1) N
ON-LETHAL ASSISTANCE .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, and ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ shall be made available, to the extent practicable and not-withstanding any other provision of law, for non-lethal assistance to address the needs of civilians affected by conflict in Syria, and programs that seek to— (A) establish local governance in Syria that is representative, inclusive, and ac-countable; (B) empower women through political and economic programs, and address the psycho-social needs of women and their families in Syria and neighboring countries; (C) develop and implement political proc-esses that are democratic, transparent, and strengthen the rule of law; (D) further the legitimacy and viability of the Syrian opposition, including local gov-ernment structures in Syria and through cross-border programs; (E) develop and sustain civil society and independent media in Syria; (F) promote stability and economic devel-opment in Syria; (G) document, investigate, and prosecute human rights violations in Syria, including through transitional justice programs and support for nongovernmental organizations; (H) expand the role of women in negotia-tions to end the violence and in any political transition in Syria; (I) assist Syrian refugees whose education has been interrupted by the ongoing conflict to complete higher education requirements at universities and other academic institu-tions in the region, and through distance learning; (J) assist vulnerable populations in Syria and in neighboring countries; (K) protect and preserve the cultural iden-tity of the people of Syria as a counter-balance to extremism, particularly those liv-ing in neighboring countries and among youth; (L) protect and preserve cultural heritage sites in Syria, particularly those damaged and destroyed by extremists; (M) counter extremism in Syria; and (N) facilitate the return of displaced per-sons to liberated areas in Syria. (2) D
EMINING AND UNEXPLODED ORDNANCE  
CLEARANCE .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti- terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ for assistance for Syria shall be made avail-able for demining and unexploded ordnance clearance programs. (3) S
TRATEGY AND SYRIAN ORGANIZATIONS .— Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Syria pur-suant to the authority of this subsection— (A) may only be made available after the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of relevant United States Government agencies, submits, in classified form if nec-essary, an update to the comprehensive strategy required in section 7041(i)(3) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76); and (B) shall be made available, on an open and competitive basis, to continue a program to strengthen the capability of Syrian civil so-ciety organizations to address the immediate and long-term needs of the Syrian people in Syria in a manner that supports the sustain-ability of such organizations in imple-menting Syrian-led humanitarian and devel-opment programs: Provided, That funds made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1930 March 22, 2018 
available by this paragraph shall be adminis-tered by the Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (4) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act for assistance for Syria may be made available for a project or activ-ity that supports or otherwise legitimizes the Government of Iran, foreign terrorist or-ganizations (as designated pursuant to sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)), or a proxy of Iran in Syria. (5) M
ONITORING , OVERSIGHT , CONSULTATION , 
AND NOTIFICATION .— (A) Prior to the obligation of funds appro-priated by this Act and made available for assistance for Syria, the Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for moni-toring, oversight, and control of such assist-ance inside Syria. (B) Section 7015(j) of this Act regarding the notification of assistance diverted or de-stroyed shall apply to funds made available for assistance for Syria. (C) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection may only be made available fol-lowing consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and shall be sub-ject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (l) T
UNISIA .—Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $165,400,000 shall be made available for assistance for Tunisia. (m) W
ESTBANK AND GAZA.— (1) R
EPORT ON ASSISTANCE .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’ for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations that the purpose of such assistance is to— (A) advance Middle East peace; (B) improve security in the region; (C) continue support for transparent and accountable government institutions; (D) promote a private sector economy; or (E) address urgent humanitarian needs. (2) L
IMITATIONS .— (A)(i) None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in this Act may be made available for assist-ance for the Palestinian Authority, if after the date of enactment of this Act— (I) the Palestinians obtain the same stand-ing as member states or full membership as a state in the United Nations or any special-ized agency thereof outside an agreement ne-gotiated between Israel and the Palestinians; or (II) the Palestinians initiate an Inter-national Criminal Court (ICC) judicially au-thorized investigation, or actively support such an investigation, that subjects Israeli nationals to an investigation for alleged crimes against Palestinians. (ii) The Secretary of State may waive the restriction in clause (i) of this subparagraph resulting from the application of subclause (I) of such clause if the Secretary certifies to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States, and submits a report to such Committees detailing how the waiver and the continuation of assistance would assist in furthering Middle East peace. (B)(i) The President may waive the provi-sions of section 1003 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (Public Law 100–204) if the President deter-mines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate, and the ap-propriate congressional committees that the Palestinians have not, after the date of en-actment of this Act— (I) obtained in the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof the same standing as member states or full membership as a state outside an agreement negotiated be-tween Israel and the Palestinians; and (II) initiated or actively supported an ICC investigation against Israeli nationals for al-leged crimes against Palestinians. (ii) Not less than 90 days after the Presi-dent is unable to make the certification pur-suant to clause (i) of this subparagraph, the President may waive section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 if the President determines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations that the Palestinians have entered into direct and meaningful negotia-tions with Israel: Provided, That any waiver of the provisions of section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 under clause (i) of this subpara-graph or under previous provisions of law must expire before the waiver under the pre-ceding sentence may be exercised. (iii) Any waiver pursuant to this subpara-graph shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (3) REDUCTION .—The Secretary of State shall reduce the amount of assistance made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for the Pales-tinian Authority by an amount the Sec-retary determines is equivalent to the amount expended by the Palestinian Author-ity, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations with such entities as payments for acts of terrorism by individuals who are imprisoned after being fairly tried and convicted for acts of terrorism and by individuals who died committing acts of terrorism during the pre-vious calendar year: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall report to the Committees on Ap-propriations on the amount reduced for fis-cal year 2018 prior to the obligation of funds for the Palestinian Authority. (4) S
ECURITY REPORT .—The reporting re-quirements in section 1404 of the Supple-mental Appropriations Act, 2008 (Public Law 110–252) shall apply to funds made available by this Act, including a description of modi-fications, if any, to the security strategy of the Palestinian Authority. (5) I
NCITEMENT REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees de-tailing steps taken by the Palestinian Au-thority to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and to promote peace and co-existence with Israel. 
AFRICA  S
EC. 7042. (a) A FRICAN GREAT LAKES REGION  A
SSISTANCE RESTRICTION .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Inter-national Military Education and Training’’ for the central government of a country in the African Great Lakes region may be made available only for Expanded International Military Education and Training and profes-sional military education until the Sec-retary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is not facilitating or otherwise participating in destabilizing activities in a neighboring country, including aiding and abetting armed groups. (b) B
OKO HARAM .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assist-ance for Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nige-ria— (1) shall be made available for assistance for women and girls who are targeted by the terrorist organization Boko Haram, con-sistent with the provisions of section 7059 of this Act, and for individuals displaced by Boko Haram violence; and (2) may be made available for counterter-rorism programs to combat Boko Haram. (c) CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC .—Funds made available by this Act for assistance for the Central African Republic shall be made available for reconciliation and peacebuilding programs, including activities to promote inter-faith dialogue at the na-tional and local levels, and for programs to prevent crimes against humanity. (d) E
THIOPIA .— (1) F
ORCED EVICTIONS .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act for as-sistance for Ethiopia may not be made avail-able for any activity that supports forced evictions. (B) The Secretary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to support projects in Ethiopia only if such projects are developed and carried out in ac-cordance with the requirements of section 7029(b)(2) of this Act. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Programs and activi-ties to improve livelihoods shall include prior consultation with, and the participa-tion of, affected communities, including in the South Omo and Gambella regions. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations the report under this subsection in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (e) L
AKE CHAD BASIN COUNTRIES .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria should be made available, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, for— (1) democracy programs, including to pro-tect freedom of expression, association, as-sembly, and religion, including support for independent journalists, civil society, and democratic political parties; (2) assistance for governments of such countries to strengthen accountability and the rule of law, including within the security forces; and (3) health and development programs. (f) L
ORD’SRESISTANCE ARMY.—Funds ap-propriated by this Act shall be made avail-able for programs and activities in areas af-fected by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) consistent with the goals of the Lord’s Re-sistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–172), including to improve physical ac-cess, telecommunications infrastructure, and early-warning mechanisms and to sup-port the disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of former LRA combatants, es-pecially child soldiers. (g) M
ALAWI .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Development Assistance’’, not less than $56,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Malawi, of which up to $10,000,000 shall be made avail-able for higher education programs. (h) S
OUTH SUDAN .— (1) S
TRATEGY UPDATE .—Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State, in consultation with the USAID Administrator, shall submit an up-date to the strategy required in section 7042(i) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—None of the funds ap-propriated by this Act that are available for assistance for the central Government of South Sudan may be made available until the Secretary of State certifies and reports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1931 March 22, 2018 
to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is taking effective steps to— (A) end hostilities and pursue good faith negotiations for a political settlement of the conflict; (B) provide access for humanitarian orga-nizations; (C) end the recruitment and use of child soldiers; (D) protect freedoms of expression, associa-tion, and assembly; (E) reduce corruption related to the extrac-tion and sale of oil and gas; (F) establish democratic institutions; (G) establish accountable military and po-lice forces under civilian authority; and (H) investigate and prosecute individuals credibly alleged to have committed gross violations of human rights, including at the Terrain compound in Juba, South Sudan on July 11, 2016. (3) E
XCLUSIONS .—The limitation of para-graph (2) shall not apply to— (A) humanitarian assistance; (B) assistance to support South Sudan peace negotiations or to advance or imple-ment a peace agreement; and (C) assistance to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and mutual arrangements related to such Agreement. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—Prior to the initial ob-ligation of funds made available for the cen-tral Government of South Sudan pursuant to paragraphs (3)(B) and (C), the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the intended uses of such funds, steps taken by such government to ad-vance or implement a peace agreement, and progress made by the Government of South Sudan in meeting the requirements in para-graph (2). (i) S
UDAN .— (1) L
IMITATIONS .— (A) A
SSISTANCE .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds ap-propriated by this Act may be made avail-able for assistance for the Government of Sudan. (B) L
OANS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, of modifying loans and loan guarantees held by the Government of Sudan, including the cost of selling, reduc-ing, or canceling amounts owed to the United States, and modifying concessional loans, guarantees, and credit agreements. (2) E
XCLUSIONS .—The limitations of para-graph (1) shall not apply to— (A) humanitarian assistance; (B) assistance for democracy programs; (C) assistance for the Darfur region, South-ern Kordofan State, Blue Nile State, other marginalized areas and populations in Sudan, and Abyei; and (D) assistance to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, mutual arrangements re-lated to post-referendum issues associated with such Agreement, or any other inter-nationally recognized viable peace agree-ment in Sudan. (j) Z
IMBABWE .— (1) I
NSTRUCTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States ex-ecutive director of each international finan-cial institution to vote against any exten-sion by the respective institution of any loan or grant to the Government of Zimbabwe, ex-cept to meet basic human needs or to pro-mote democracy, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that the rule of law has been restored, including respect for own-ership and title to property, and freedoms of expression, association, and assembly. (2) LIMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for the central Government of Zimbabwe, except for health and education, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports as required in paragraph (1), and funds may be made available for macro-economic growth assistance if the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is implementing transparent fiscal policies, including public disclosure of revenues from the extraction of natural resources. 
EAST ASIA AND THE PACIFIC  S
EC. 7043. (a) B URMA .— (1) B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE .— (A) E
CONOMIC SUPPORT FUND .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Burma may be made available notwith-standing any other provision of law, except for this subsection, and following consulta-tion with the appropriate congressional com-mittees. (B) U
SES.—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for Burma— (i) shall be made available to strengthen civil society organizations in Burma and for programs to strengthen independent media; (ii) shall be made available for community- based organizations operating in Thailand to provide food, medical, and other humani-tarian assistance to internally displaced per-sons in eastern Burma, in addition to assist-ance for Burmese refugees from funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Mi-gration and Refugee Assistance’’; (iii) shall be made available for programs to promote ethnic and religious tolerance and to combat gender-based violence, includ-ing in Rakhine, Shan, Kachin, and Karen states; (iv) shall be made available to promote rural economic development in Burma, in-cluding through microfinance programs; (v) shall be made available to increase op-portunities for foreign direct investment by strengthening the rule of law, transparency, and accountability; (vi) shall be made available for programs to investigate and document allegations of ethnic cleansing and other gross violations of human rights committed against the Rohingya people in Rakhine state at not less than the amount specified for such programs in the table under this subsection in the ex-planatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such funds shall be made available for civil society or-ganizations in Bangladesh and Burma for such purposes: Provided further, That prior to the obligation of such funds, the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall ensure the establishment of a standard documenta-tion format and documentation procedures for use by such organizations, and shall iden-tify an appropriate repository for such infor-mation: Provided further, That such sums shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes; (vii) shall be made available for programs to investigate and document allegations of gross violations of human rights committed in Burma, particularly in areas of conflict: Provided, That such funds shall be made available for civil society and international organizations, including those in countries bordering Burma, at not less than the amount specified for such programs in the table under this subsection in the explana-tory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consoli-dated Act); (viii) shall be made available to support the implementation of the August 2017 Final Report of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State entitled ‘‘Towards a Peaceful, Fair and Prosperous Future for the People of Rakhine’’; (ix) may not be made available to any indi-vidual or organization if the Secretary of State has credible information that such in-dividual or organization has committed a gross violation of human rights, including against Rohingya and other minority groups, or that advocates violence against ethnic or religious groups or individuals in Burma; (x) may not be made available to any orga-nization or entity controlled by the armed forces of Burma; (xi) may be made available for ethnic groups and civil society in Burma to help sustain ceasefire agreements and further prospects for reconciliation and peace, which may include support to representatives of ethnic armed groups for this purpose; and (xii) may only be made available for pro-grams to support the return of Rohingya, Karen, and other refugees and internally dis-placed persons to their locations of origin or preference in Burma if such returns are vol-untary and consistent with international law. (C) R
EGIONAL PROGRAMS .—Funds appro-priated under title III of this Act shall be made available for regional programs to ad-dress violent extremism, which shall be ad-ministered by the Mission Director of the Regional Development Mission for Asia, USAID. (2) I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE .— None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ and ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ may be made available for assistance for Burma: Provided, That the Department of State may continue consultations with the armed forces of Burma only on human rights and disaster re-sponse in a manner consistent with the prior fiscal year, and following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (3) M
ULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to sup-port projects in Burma only if such projects are developed and carried out in accordance with the requirements of section 7029(b)(2) of this Act. (4) C
ERTIFICATION AND WAIVER .— (A) Notwithstanding any provision of this subsection, of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ that are made available for assistance for Burma, 15 percent may not be obligated until the Secretary of State certifies and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Burma— (i) has terminated military cooperation with North Korea; (ii) is respecting human rights and the rule of law, including the arrest and prosecution of journalists and two Kachin pastors in De-cember 2016; (iii) is revising, updating, or repealing co-lonial-era and other oppressive laws that are used in such prosecutions, including the Un-lawful Associations Act; and (iv) is credibly investigating the murder of U Ko Ni, and is taking steps to protect and defend the security and safety of other activ-ists. (B) The Secretary of State may waive the requirements of this paragraph if the Sec-retary determines and reports to the Com-mittees on Appropriations that do so is in the national interest. (5) P
ROGRAMS , POSITION , AND RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .— (A) Any new program or activity in Burma initiated in fiscal year 2018 shall be subject 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1932 March 22, 2018 
to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (B) Section 7043(b)(7) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (C) The United States Chief of Mission in Burma, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall be re-sponsible for democracy and human rights programs in Burma. (b) C
AMBODIA .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .— (A) None of the funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for the Government of Cambodia may be ob-ligated or expended unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that such Govern-ment is taking effective steps to— (i) strengthen regional security and sta-bility, particularly regarding territorial dis-putes in the South China Sea and the en-forcement of international sanctions with re-spect to North Korea; and (ii) respect the rights and responsibilities enshrined in the Constitution of the King-dom of Cambodia as enacted in 1993, includ-ing through the— (I) restoration of the civil and political rights of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party, media, and civil society orga-nizations; (II) restoration of all elected officials to their elected offices; and (III) release of all political prisoners, in-cluding journalists, civil society activists, and members of the opposition political party. (B) Funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for Cambodia shall be made available for— (i) democracy programs, including research and education programs associated with the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, except that no funds for such purposes may be made avail-able to the Extraordinary Chambers in the Court of Cambodia; and (ii) programs in the Khmer language to counter the influence of the People’s Repub-lic of China in Cambodia. (2) V
ISA RESTRICTION .—Funds appropriated under title I of this Act shall be made avail-able to continue to implement the policy an-nounced by the Department of State on De-cember 6, 2017, to restrict the issuance of visas to enter the United States to individ-uals involved in undermining democracy in Cambodia, including the family members of such individuals, as appropriate: Provided, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees describing the implementation of such policy. (c) N
ORTH KOREA .— (1) C
YBERSECURITY .—None of the funds ap-propriated by this Act and prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees engages in significant transactions contrib-uting materially to the malicious cyber-in-trusion capabilities of the Government of North Korea: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall submit the report required by section 209 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122; 22 U.S.C. 9229), as amended, to the Committees on Appropriations in the man-ner described in subparagraph (2)(A) of such section: Provided further, That the Secretary of State may waive the application of the re-striction in this paragraph with respect to assistance for the central government of a country if the Secretary determines and re-ports to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that to do so is important to the na-tional security interest of the United States, including a description of such interest served. (2) BROADCASTS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Broadcasting Operations’’ shall be made available to maintain broadcasting hours into North Korea at levels not less than the prior fiscal year. (3) R
EFUGEES .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Migration and Ref-ugee Assistance’’ should be made available for assistance for refugees from North Korea, including protection activities in the Peo-ple’s Republic of China and other countries in Asia. (4) H
UMAN RIGHTS PROMOTION , DATABASE , 
AND LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— (A) H
UMAN RIGHTS PROMOTION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available for the promotion of human rights in North Korea: Provided, That such funds shall be administered by the As-sistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Pro- vided further, That the authority of section 7032(b) of this Act shall apply to such funds. (B) D
ATABASE .—Funds appropriated by this Act under title III shall be made available to maintain a database of prisons and gulags in North Korea, in accordance with section 7032(i) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76). (C) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ may be made available for assistance for the Government of North Korea. (d) P
EOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF CHINA.— (1) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ in this Act may be obligated or expended for proc-essing licenses for the export of satellites of United States origin (including commercial satellites and satellite components) to the People’s Republic of China (PRC) unless, at least 15 days in advance, the Committees on Appropriations are notified of such proposed action. (2) P
EOPLE ’S LIBERATION ARMY .—The terms and requirements of section 620(h) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall apply to foreign assistance projects or activities of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) of the PRC, to include such projects or activities by any entity that is owned or controlled by, or an affiliate of, the PLA: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act may be used to finance any grant, contract, or coop-erative agreement with the PLA, or any en-tity that the Secretary of State has reason to believe is owned or controlled by, or an af-filiate of, the PLA. (3) C
OUNTER INFLUENCE PROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act for public diplo-macy under title I and for assistance under titles III and IV shall be made available to counter the influence of the PRC, in accord-ance with the strategy required by section 7043(e)(3) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76), following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (4) A
UTHORITY AND NOTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .— (A) AUTHORITY .—The uses of funds made available by this Act for the promotion of democracy in the PRC, except for funds made available under subsection (f), shall be the responsibility of the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for tri-lateral programs conducted with the PRC shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. (e) P
HILIPPINES .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ may be made available for counternarcotics assistance for the Philippine National Police only if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropria-tions that the Government of the Philippines has adopted and is implementing a counter-narcotics strategy that is consistent with international human rights standards, in-cluding investigating and prosecuting indi-viduals who are credibly alleged to have or-dered, committed, or covered up extrajudicial killings and other gross viola-tions of human rights in the conduct of counternarcotics operations: Provided, That the limitation of this paragraph shall not apply to funds made available for drug de-mand reduction or maritime programs, or to support for the development of such counter-narcotics strategy following consultation with the appropriate congressional commit-tees. (f) T
IBET.— (1) F
INANCING OF PROJECTS IN TIBET .—The Secretary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to sup-port financing of projects in Tibet if such projects do not provide incentives for the mi-gration and settlement of non-Tibetans into Tibet or facilitate the transfer of ownership of Tibetan land and natural resources to non-Tibetans, are based on a thorough needs- assessment, foster self-sufficiency of the Ti-betan people and respect Tibetan culture and traditions, and are subject to effective moni-toring. (2) P
ROGRAMS FOR TIBETAN COMMUNITIES .— (A) T
IBET AUTONOMOUS REGION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available to nongovernmental organizations to support activities which preserve cultural traditions and promote sustainable development, edu-cation, and environmental conservation in Tibetan communities in the Tibet Autono-mous Region and in other Tibetan commu-nities in China. (B) I
NDIA AND NEPAL .—Of the funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, not less than $6,000,000 shall be made available for pro-grams to promote and preserve Tibetan cul-ture, development, and the resilience of Ti-betan communities in India and Nepal, and to assist in the education and development of the next generation of Tibetan leaders from such communities: Provided, That such funds are in addition to amounts made avail-able in subparagraph (A) for programs inside Tibet. (C) T
IBETAN GOVERNANCE .—Of the funds ap-propriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $3,000,000 shall be made available for pro-grams to strengthen the capacity of Tibetan institutions and governance. (g) V
IETNAM .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1933 March 22, 2018 
(1) D IOXIN REMEDIATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds ap-propriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $20,000,000 shall be made available for activi-ties related to the remediation of dioxin con-taminated sites in Vietnam and may be made available for assistance for the Govern-ment of Vietnam, including the military, for such purposes. (2) H
EALTH AND DISABILITY PROGRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Development Assistance’’, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for health and disability programs in areas sprayed with Agent Orange and otherwise contaminated with dioxin, to assist individ-uals with severe upper or lower body mobil-ity impairment or cognitive or develop-mental disabilities. 
SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIA  S
EC. 7044. (a) A FGHANISTAN .— (1) A
SSISTANCE AND CONDITIONS .— (A) F
UNDING AND LIMITATIONS .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’ may be made available for assistance for Afghanistan: Provided, That such funds may not be obligated for any project or ac-tivity that— (i) includes the participation of any Afghan individual or organization, including govern-ment entity, if the Secretary of State has credible information that such individual, organization, or entity is involved in corrupt practices, illicit narcotics production or trafficking, or a violation of human rights; (ii) cannot be sustained, as appropriate, by the Government of Afghanistan or another Afghan entity; (iii) is not regularly accessible for the pur-poses of conducting effective oversight in ac-cordance with applicable Federal statutes and regulations; (iv) initiates any new, major infrastructure development; or (v) is conducted in areas where project and resource disbursement monitoring cannot be performed, unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, certifies to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is in the na-tional security interest of the United States, and submits a report to such Committees de-scribing such interest, including how such project or activity does not legitimize the Taliban or other extremist organizations. (B) C
ERTIFICATION AND REPORT .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ for assist-ance for the central Government of Afghani-stan, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations, after consultation with the Government of Afghanistan, that— (i) goals and benchmarks for the specific uses of such funds have been established by the Governments of the United States and Afghanistan; (ii) conditions are in place that increase the transparency and accountability of the Government of Afghanistan for funds obli-gated under the New Development Partner-ship or other incentive-based programs; (iii) the Government of Afghanistan is im-plementing laws and policies to govern democratically and protect the rights of in-dividuals, civil society, and the media; (iv) the Government of Afghanistan is tak-ing consistent steps to protect and advance the rights of women and girls in Afghani-stan; (v) the Government of Afghanistan is effec-tively implementing a whole-of-government, anti-corruption strategy that has been en-dorsed by the High Council on Rule of Law and Anti-Corruption, as agreed to at the Brussels Conference on Afghanistan in Octo-ber 2016, and is prosecuting individuals al-leged to be involved in corrupt or illegal ac-tivities in Afghanistan; (vi) monitoring and oversight frameworks for programs implemented with such funds are in accordance with all applicable audit policies of the Department of State and USAID, including in areas under the control of the Taliban or other extremist organiza-tions; (vii) the necessary policies and procedures are in place to ensure Government of Af-ghanistan compliance with section 7013 of this Act, ‘‘Prohibition on Taxation of United States Assistance’’; and (viii) the Government of Afghanistan is publicly reporting its national budget, in-cluding revenues and expenditures. (C) WAIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the certification requirement of sub-paragraph (B) if the Secretary determines that to do so is important to the national se-curity interest of the United States and the Secretary submits a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations, in classified form if necessary, on the justification for the waiver and the reasons why any of the requirements of subparagraph (B) cannot be met. (D) P
ROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assist-ance for Afghanistan shall be made avail-able— (i) for programs that protect and strength-en the rights of women and girls and pro-mote the political and economic empower-ment of women, including their meaningful inclusion in political processes: Provided, That such assistance to promote economic empowerment of women shall be made avail-able as grants to Afghan organizations, to the maximum extent practicable; (ii) for programs in South and Central Asia to expand linkages between Afghanistan and countries in the region; and (iii) to assist the Government of Afghani-stan to develop transparent budgetary proc-esses, including executing a consistently ap-plied system of legitimate revenue genera-tion and expenditure. (E) T
AXATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act for assistance for Afghan-istan may be made available for direct gov-ernment-to-government assistance unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (i) the United States Government and the Government of Afghanistan have in place the agreements necessary to ensure compliance with the principles set forth in section 7013 of this Act; and (ii) United States companies and organiza-tions that are implementing United States assistance programs in Afghanistan in a manner consistent with United States laws and regulations are not subjected by the Government of Afghanistan to taxes or other fees in contravention of the agreements ref-erenced in clause (i), and are not subjected to retaliation by the Government of Afghani-stan for the nonpayment of such taxes or fees imposed in the past: Provided, That not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations an assess-ment of the dollar value of improper taxes or fees levied by such government against such companies and organizations in fiscal year 2017. (2) G
OALS AND BENCHMARKS .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report de-scribing the goals and benchmarks required in paragraph (1)(B)(i): Provided, That not later than 6 months after the submission of such report and every 6 months thereafter until September 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to such commit-tees on the status of achieving such goals and benchmarks: Provided further, That the Secretary of State should suspend assistance for the Government of Afghanistan if any re-port required by this paragraph indicates that such government is failing to make measurable progress in meeting such goals and benchmarks. (3) AUTHORITIES .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under title III through VI that are made available for assistance for Afghanistan may be made available— (i) notwithstanding section 7012 of this Act or any similar provision of law and section 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; (ii) for reconciliation programs and disar-mament, demobilization, and reintegration activities for former combatants who have renounced violence against the Government of Afghanistan, in accordance with section 7046(a)(2)(B)(ii) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74); and (iii) for an endowment to empower women and girls. (B) Section 7046(a)(2)(A) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for Afghanistan. (4) B
ASING RIGHTS AGREEMENT .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the United States Government to enter into a permanent basing rights agree-ment between the United States and Afghan-istan. (b) N
EPAL .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .—Not less than $121,480,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, and ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ shall be made available for assistance for Nepal, in-cluding for earthquake recovery and recon-struction programs. (2) F
OREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO -
GRAM .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financ-ing Program’’ shall only be made available for humanitarian and disaster relief and re-construction activities in Nepal, and in sup-port of international peacekeeping oper-ations: Provided, That such funds may only be made available for any additional uses if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Nepal is investigating and prosecuting violations of human rights and the laws of war, and the Nepal Army is cooperating fully with civilian judicial au-thorities in such cases. (c) P
AKISTAN .— (1) I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE .— (A) L
IMITATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ for assistance for Pakistan may be made available only to sup-port counterterrorism and counterinsur-gency capabilities in Pakistan. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—Not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, and prior to the submission of the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the amount of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financ-ing Program’’ that is anticipated to be sub-ject to the January 2018 policy decision of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1934 March 22, 2018 
the United States to suspend security assist-ance for Pakistan: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional committees in writing of any changes to such policy, the justification for such changes, and the progress made by the Government of Pakistan in meeting the counterterrorism objectives described under this section in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (C) R
EPROGRAMMING .—Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Pro-gram’’ for assistance for Pakistan that are withheld from obligation or expenditure by the Department of State may be repro-grammed by the Secretary of State, except that no such funds may be reprogrammed that are required to complete payment on existing and previously approved contracts: Provided, That such reprogramming shall be subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. (2) B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE RE -
PORT .—Prior to the obligation of funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for assistance for the central Government of Pakistan, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing— (A) the amount of financing and other sup-port, if any, provided by the Government of Pakistan to schools supported by, affiliated with, or run by the Taliban or any domestic or foreign terrorist organization in Pakistan; (B) the extent of cooperation by such gov-ernment in issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors, including officials and representatives of nongovernmental or-ganizations, engaged in assistance and secu-rity programs in Pakistan; and (C) the extent to which such government is providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by conflict in Pakistan and the region. (3) A
UTHORITY AND USES OF FUNDS .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act for as-sistance for Pakistan may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for section 620M of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961. (B) Funds appropriated by this Act for as-sistance for Pakistan that are made avail-able for infrastructure projects shall be im-plemented in a manner consistent with sec-tion 507(6) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2467(6)). (C) The authorities and directives of sec-tion 7044(d)(4) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) regarding scholarships for women shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for Pakistan, fol-lowing consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (D) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ that are made avail-able for assistance for Pakistan shall be made available to interdict precursor mate-rials from Pakistan to Afghanistan that are used to manufacture improvised explosive devices and for agriculture extension pro-grams that encourage alternative fertilizer use among Pakistani farmers to decrease the dual use of fertilizer in the manufacturing of improvised explosive devices. (E) Funds appropriated by this Act for as-sistance for Pakistan shall be made available for border security programs, following con-sultation with the Committees on Appropria-tions. (F) Funds appropriated by title III of this Act shall be made available for programs to promote democracy in Pakistan. (4) WITHHOLDING .—Of the funds appro-priated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for assistance for Pakistan, $33,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that Dr. Shakil Afridi has been released from prison and cleared of all charges relating to the assistance provided to the United States in locating Osama bin Laden. (5) O
VERSIGHT .—The Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for moni-toring, oversight, and control of funds made available by this subsection for assistance for Pakistan: Provided, That the Secretary shall inform the Committees on Appropria-tions of such steps in a timely manner. (d) S
RILANKA .— (1) B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE .—Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Sri Lanka for economic development and democracy pro-grams, particularly in areas recovering from ethnic and religious conflict: Provided, That such funds shall be made available for pro-grams to assist in the identification and res-olution of cases of missing persons. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for the central Gov-ernment of Sri Lanka may be made available only if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Sri Lanka is— (A) repealing laws that do not comply with international standards for arrest and deten-tion by security forces, and ensuring that any successor legislation meets such stand-ards; (B) increasing accountability and trans-parency in governance; (C) investigating allegations of arbitrary arrest and torture, and supporting a credible justice mechanism in compliance with United Nations Human Rights Council Reso-lution (A/HCR/30/L.29) of October 2015; (D) returning military occupied private lands in former conflict zones to their right-ful owners or compensating those whose land was confiscated without due process, which includes legal steps and surveys to determine proper title to disputed lands, and which is in addition to steps taken during the pre-vious calendar year; (E) establishing a functioning office of missing persons and assisting its investiga-tions of cases of missing persons from Sri Lanka’s internal armed conflicts, and pub-lishing lists of all persons who surrendered to such Government after the end of the civil war in May 2009; and (F) substantially reducing the presence of the armed forces in former conflict zones and implementing a plan for restructuring and reducing the size of the armed forces to adopt a peacetime role that contributes to post-conflict reconciliation and regional se-curity. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE .— Funds appropriated under title IV of this Act that are available for assistance for Sri Lanka shall be subject to the following con-ditions— (A) not to exceed $500,000 under the head-ing ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ may only be made available for programs to support humanitarian and disaster response preparedness and maritime security; and (B) funds under the heading ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ may only be made available for training and equipment related to inter-national peacekeeping operations, and only if the Government of Sri Lanka is taking ef-fective steps to bring to justice Sri Lankan peacekeeping troops who have engaged in sexual exploitation and abuse. (e) REGIONAL PROGRAMS .— (1) C
ROSS BORDER PROGRAMS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Af-ghanistan and Pakistan may be provided, notwithstanding any other provision of law that restricts assistance to foreign coun-tries, for cross border stabilization and de-velopment programs between Afghanistan and Pakistan, or between either country and the Central Asian countries. (2) S
ECURITY AND JUSTICE PROGRAMS .— Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for countries in South and Central Asia shall be made available to accelerate the recruitment and enhance the retention and professionalism of women in the judiciary, police, and other se-curity forces. 
LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN  S
EC. 7045. (a) C ENTRAL AMERICA .— (1) F
UNDING .—Subject to the requirements of this subsection, of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, up to $615,000,000 may be made available for assist-ance for countries in Central America to im-plement the United States Strategy for En-gagement in Central America (the Strategy): Provided, That such funds shall be made available to the maximum extent practicable on a cost-matching basis. (2) P
RE-OBLIGATION REQUIREMENTS .—Prior to the obligation of funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations an updated multi-year spend plan as described under this subsection in the explanatory statement described in sec-tion 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (3) A
SSISTANCE FOR THE CENTRAL GOVERN -
MENTS OF EL SALVADOR , GUATEMALA , AND HON -
DURAS .—Of the funds made available pursu-ant to paragraph (1) that are available for as-sistance for each of the central governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, except for funds made available for the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala or the Mission to Support the Fight against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras, the following amounts shall be withheld from obligation and may only be made available as follows: (A) 25 percent may only be obligated after the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such government is— (i) informing its citizens of the dangers of the journey to the southwest border of the United States; (ii) combating human smuggling and traf-ficking; (iii) improving border security, including preventing illegal migration, human smug-gling and trafficking, and trafficking of il-licit drugs and other contraband; and (iv) cooperating with United States Gov-ernment agencies and other governments in the region to facilitate the return, repatri-ation, and reintegration of illegal migrants arriving at the southwest border of the United States who do not qualify for asylum, consistent with international law. (B) An additional 50 percent may only be obligated after the Secretary of State cer-tifies and reports to the appropriate congres-sional committees that such government is— (i) working cooperatively with an autono-mous, publicly accountable entity to provide oversight of the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle in Cen-tral America (the Plan); (ii) combating corruption, including inves-tigating and prosecuting current and former 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1935 March 22, 2018 
government officials credibly alleged to be corrupt; (iii) implementing reforms, policies, and programs to improve transparency and strengthen public institutions, including in-creasing the capacity and independence of the judiciary and the Office of the Attorney General; (iv) implementing a policy to ensure that local communities, civil society organiza-tions (including indigenous and other marginalized groups), and local governments are consulted in the design, and participate in the implementation and evaluation of, ac-tivities of the Plan that affect such commu-nities, organizations, and governments; (v) countering the activities of criminal gangs, drug traffickers, and organized crime; (vi) investigating and prosecuting in the civilian justice system government per-sonnel, including military and police per-sonnel, who are credibly alleged to have vio-lated human rights, and ensuring that such personnel are cooperating in such cases; (vii) cooperating with commissions against corruption and impunity and with regional human rights entities; (viii) supporting programs to reduce pov-erty, expand education and vocational train-ing for at-risk youth, create jobs, and pro-mote equitable economic growth, particu-larly in areas contributing to large numbers of migrants; (ix) implementing a plan that includes goals, benchmarks, and timelines to create a professional, accountable civilian police force and end the role of the military in in-ternal policing, and make such plan avail-able to the Department of State; (x) protecting the right of political opposi-tion parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil soci-ety activists to operate without interference; (xi) increasing government revenues, in-cluding by implementing tax reforms and strengthening customs agencies; and (xii) resolving commercial disputes, includ-ing the confiscation of real property, be-tween United States entities and such gov-ernment. (4) D
ETERMINATIONS AND IMPACT ON ASSIST -
ANCE .— (A) I
NSUFFICIENT PROGRESS .—The Sec-retary of State shall periodically review the progress of each of the central governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras in meeting the requirements of paragraphs (3)(A) and (3)(B): Provided, That if the Sec-retary determines and reports to the appro-priate congressional committees that suffi-cient progress has not been made by such government in meeting such requirements, the Secretary shall suspend, in whole or in part, assistance for such government for pro-grams supporting such requirement, and shall notify the appropriate congressional committees in writing of such action: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may re-sume such assistance if the Secretary deter-mines and reports to such committees that corrective measures have been taken by such government. (B) E
XTRAORDINARY PROGRESS .—The Sec- retary of State may, notwithstanding sec-tion 7019 of this Act, increase assistance for El Salvador, Guatemala, or Honduras if the Secretary determines and reports to the ap-propriate congressional committees that the central government of such country has made extraordinary progress in meeting the requirements of paragraphs (3)(A) and (3)(B): Provided, That such increase shall be pro-vided in the amounts designated as Award for Extraordinary Progress in the table under this section in the explanatory state-ment described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That such determina-tion may be made for not more than one country and following the submission of the reports for such country submitted pursuant to paragraphs (3)(A) and (3)(B). (C) CHANGE IN NATIONAL GOVERNMENT .—Not later than 90 days following a change of na-tional government in El Salvador, Guate-mala, or Honduras, the Secretary of State shall determine whether or not such govern-ment is meeting the requirements of para-graphs (3)(A) and (3)(B) and submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing the reasons for such determination: Provided, That if the Secretary determines that such government is not meeting such requirements, then the Secretary shall sus-pend, in whole or in part, assistance for such central government until such time as such determination and report can be made. (D) R
EPROGRAMMING .— (i) Assistance suspended pursuant to sub-paragraphs (A) or (C) may be reprogrammed if the Secretary of State determines that corrective measures have not been taken. (ii) If the Secretary is unable to make a de-termination pursuant to subparagraph (B) within 180 days after enactment of this Act, amounts designated under such subpara-graph may be reprogrammed. (iii) Any reprogramming made pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) shall only be made avail-able for assistance for other countries in Latin America and the Caribbean and shall be subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. (5) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations not less than 14 days prior to sub-mitting any certification made pursuant to subsection (a)(3) and any suspension or re-programming made pursuant to subsection (a)(4). (6) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds made available by this subsection for assistance for countries in Central America may be made available for direct government-to- government assistance or for major infra-structure projects. (b) C
OLOMBIA .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $391,253,000 shall be made available for assistance for Colombia, including to support the efforts of the Government of Colombia to— (A) conduct a unified campaign against narcotics trafficking, organizations des-ignated as foreign terrorist organizations pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), and other criminal or illegal armed groups: Provided, That aircraft supported by funds made avail-able by this Act and prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used to transport personnel and sup-plies involved in drug eradication and inter-diction, including security for such activi-ties, and to provide transport in support of alternative development programs and inves-tigations by civilian judicial authorities; (B) enhance security and stability in Co-lombia and the region; (C) strengthen and expand governance, the rule of law, and access to justice throughout Colombia; (D) promote economic and social develop-ment, including by improving access to areas impacted by conflict through demining pro-grams; and (E) implement a peace agreement between the Government of Colombia and illegal armed groups, in accordance with constitu-tional and legal requirements in Colombia: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) LIMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act or prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Colombia may be made available for pay-ment of reparations to conflict victims or compensation to demobilized combatants as-sociated with a peace agreement between the Government of Colombia and illegal armed groups. (3) P
RE-OBLIGATION REQUIREMENTS .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made avail-able pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the USAID Ad-ministrator, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations an updated multi-year spend plan as described under this subsection in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (4) A
PPORTIONMENT AND TRANSFER .—Funds made available by this Act under the head-ing ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Colombia shall be apportioned directly to USAID, except that not less than $7,000,000 of such funds shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ for assistance for Colombian ref-ugees in neighboring countries. (5) C
OUNTERNARCOTICS .—Of the funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’ for counternarcotics assistance for Colombia, 25 percent may be obligated only after the Secretary of State certifies and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Colombia has re-duced overall illicit drug cultivation, pro-duction, and trafficking. (6) H
UMAN RIGHTS .—Of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for assistance for Colombia, 20 percent may be obligated only in accordance with the condi-tions set forth under section 7045 in Senate Report 115–152. (7) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations of para-graphs (5) and (6) shall not apply to funds made available for aviation instruction and maintenance, and maritime and riverine se-curity programs. (c) H
AITI.— (1) C
ERTIFICATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ that are made available for assistance for Haiti may not be made available for assist-ance for the central Government of Haiti un-less the Secretary of State certifies and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is taking effective steps, which are in addition to steps taken since the certification and report submitted during the prior year, if applicable, to— (A) strengthen the rule of law in Haiti, in-cluding by— (i) selecting judges in a transparent man-ner based on merit; (ii) reducing pre-trial detention; (iii) respecting the independence of the ju-diciary; and (iv) improving governance by imple-menting reforms to increase transparency and accountability, including through the penal and criminal codes; (B) combat corruption, including by imple-menting the anti-corruption law enacted in 2014 and prosecuting corrupt officials; (C) increase government revenues, includ-ing by implementing tax reforms, and in-creasing expenditures on public services; and (D) resolve commercial disputes between United States entities and the Government of Haiti. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1936 March 22, 2018 
(2) H AITIAN COAST GUARD .—The Govern-ment of Haiti shall be eligible to purchase defense articles and services under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) for the Coast Guard. (d) V
ENEZUELA .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $15,000,000 shall be made available for programs to promote democracy and the rule of law in Venezuela. 
EUROPE AND EURASIA  S
EC. 7046. (a) A SSISTANCE .— (1) G
EORGIA .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $105,325,000 shall be made available for assist-ance for Georgia. (2) U
KRAINE .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $420,700,000 shall be made available for assist-ance for Ukraine. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be made available for assistance for a government of an Inde-pendent State of the former Soviet Union if such government directs any action in viola-tion of the territorial integrity or national sovereignty of any other Independent State of the former Soviet Union, such as those violations included in the Helsinki Final Act: Provided, That except as otherwise pro-vided in section 7070(a) of this Act, funds may be made available without regard to the restriction in this subsection if the President determines that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States: Pro- vided further, That prior to executing the au-thority contained in the previous proviso, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on how such assistance supports the national security in-terest of the United States. (c) S
ECTION 907 OF THE FREEDOM SUPPORT  A
CT.—Section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act (22 U.S.C. 5812 note) shall not apply to— (1) activities to support democracy or as-sistance under title V of the FREEDOM Sup-port Act (22 U.S.C. 5851 et seq.) and section 1424 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2333) or non-proliferation assistance; (2) any assistance provided by the Trade and Development Agency under section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2421); (3) any activity carried out by a member of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service while acting within his or her offi-cial capacity; (4) any insurance, reinsurance, guarantee, or other assistance provided by the Overseas Private Investment Corporation under title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2191 et seq.); (5) any financing provided under the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945 (Public Law 79– 173); or (6) humanitarian assistance. (d) T
URKEY .—None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to facilitate or support the sale of defense articles or defense services to the Turkish Presidential Protec-tion Directorate (TPPD) under chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761 et seq.), unless the Secretary of State deter-mines and reports to the appropriate con-gressional committees that members of the TPPD named in the July 17, 2017 indictment by the Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia have returned to the United States to stand trial in connection with the offenses contained in such indictment or have other-wise been brought to justice: Provided, That the limitation in this paragraph shall not apply to the use of funds made available by this Act for border security purposes, for North Atlantic Treaty Organization or coali-tion operations, or to enhance the protection of United States officials and facilities in Turkey. WAR CRIMES TRIBUNALS  S
EC. 7047. If the President determines that doing so will contribute to a just resolution of charges regarding genocide or other viola-tions of international humanitarian law, the President may direct a drawdown pursuant to section 552(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 of up to $30,000,000 of commodities and services for the United Nations War Crimes Tribunal established with regard to the former Yugoslavia by the United Nations Security Council or such other tribunals or commissions as the Council may establish or authorize to deal with such violations, with-out regard to the ceiling limitation con-tained in paragraph (2) thereof: Provided, That the determination required under this section shall be in lieu of any determinations otherwise required under section 552(c): Pro- vided further, That funds made available pur-suant to this section shall be made available subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
UNITED NATIONS  S
EC. 7048. (a) T RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— (1) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Of the funds appro-priated under title I and under the heading ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’ in title V of this Act that are available for contributions to the United Nations (includ-ing the Department of Peacekeeping Oper-ations), any United Nations agency, or the Organization of American States, 15 percent may not be obligated for such organization, department, or agency until the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that the organiza-tion, department, or agency is— (A) posting on a publicly available Web site, consistent with privacy regulations and due process, regular financial and pro-grammatic audits of such organization, de-partment, or agency, and providing the United States Government with necessary access to such financial and performance au-dits; (B) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistle-blowers from retaliation, including best practices for— (i) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosures; (ii) legal burdens of proof; (iii) statutes of limitation for reporting re-taliation; (iv) access to independent adjudicative bodies, including external arbitration; and (v) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation; and (C) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures on the appropriate use of travel funds, including restrictions on first class and business class travel. (2) W
AIVER .—The restrictions imposed by or pursuant to paragraph (1) may be waived on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that such waiver is necessary to avert or respond to a humani-tarian crisis. (b) R
ESTRICTIONS ON UNITED NATIONS DELE-
GATIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) R
ESTRICTIONS ON UNITED STATES DELEGA -
TIONS .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay expenses for any United States delegation to any specialized agency, body, or commission of the United Nations if such agency, body, or commission is chaired or presided over by a country, the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j)(1) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)), supports inter-national terrorism. (2) RESTRICTIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of State as a con-tribution to any organization, agency, com-mission, or program within the United Na-tions system if such organization, agency, commission, or program is chaired or pre-sided over by a country the government of which the Secretary of State has deter-mined, for purposes of section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 6(j)(1) of the Export Administration Act of 1979, or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. (3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the restriction in this subsection if the Secretary determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is important to the national interest of the United States, including a description of the national interest served. (c) U
NITED NATIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUN-
CIL.—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available in support of the United Nations Human Rights Council unless the Secretary of State determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that participation in the Council is impor-tant to the national interest of the United States and that such Council is taking sig-nificant steps to remove Israel as a perma-nent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council: Pro- vided, That such report shall include a de-scription of the national interest served and the steps taken to remove Israel as a perma-nent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appro-priations not later than September 30, 2018, on the resolutions considered in the United Nations Human Rights Council during the previous 12 months, and on steps taken to re-move Israel as a permanent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council. (d) U
NITED NATIONS RELIEF AND WORKS  A
GENCY .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), and not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit a report in writ-ing to the Committees on Appropriations on whether UNRWA is— (1) utilizing Operations Support Officers in the West Bank, Gaza, and other fields of op-eration to inspect UNRWA installations and reporting any inappropriate use; (2) acting promptly to address any staff or beneficiary violation of its own policies (in-cluding the policies on neutrality and impar-tiality of employees) and the legal require-ments under section 301(c) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961; (3) implementing procedures to maintain the neutrality of its facilities, including im-plementing a no-weapons policy, and con-ducting regular inspections of its installa-tions, to ensure they are only used for hu-manitarian or other appropriate purposes; (4) taking necessary and appropriate meas-ures to ensure it is operating in compliance with the conditions of section 301(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and con-tinuing regular reporting to the Department of State on actions it has taken to ensure conformance with such conditions; (5) taking steps to ensure the content of all educational materials currently taught in UNRWA-administered schools and summer camps is consistent with the values of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1937 March 22, 2018 
human rights, dignity, and tolerance and does not induce incitement; (6) not engaging in operations with finan-cial institutions or related entities in viola-tion of relevant United States law, and is taking steps to improve the financial trans-parency of the organization; and (7) in compliance with the United Nations Board of Auditors’ biennial audit require-ments and is implementing in a timely fash-ion the Board’s recommendations. (e) P
ROHIBITION OF PAYMENTS TO UNITED  N
ATIONS MEMBERS .—None of the funds appro-priated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for carrying out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used to pay in whole or in part any assess-ments, arrearages, or dues of any member of the United Nations or, from funds appro-priated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the costs for participation of another coun-try’s delegation at international conferences held under the auspices of multilateral or international organizations. (f) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the design, renovation, or construction of the United Nations Headquarters in New York: Provided, That any operating plan sub-mitted pursuant to this Act for funds made available under the heading ‘‘Contributions to International Organizations’’ shall in-clude information on capital projects, as de-scribed under such heading in House Report 115–253. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations detailing the amount of funds available for obligation or expendi-ture in fiscal year 2018 for contributions to any organization, department, agency, or program within the United Nations system or any international program that are with-held from obligation or expenditure due to any provision of law: Provided, That the Sec-retary of State shall update such report each time additional funds are withheld by oper-ation of any provision of law: Provided fur-ther, That the reprogramming of any with-held funds identified in such report, includ-ing updates thereof, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notifica-tion procedures of, the Committees on Ap-propriations. (h) S
EXUAL EXPLOITATION AND ABUSE IN  P
EACEKEEPING OPERATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to imple-ment section 301 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323). (2) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .—The Secretary of State should withhold assistance to any unit of the security forces of a foreign coun-try if the Secretary has credible information that such unit has engaged in sexual exploi-tation or abuse, including while serving in a United Nations peacekeeping operation, until the Secretary determines that the gov-ernment of such country is taking effective steps to bring the responsible members of such unit to justice and to prevent future in-cidents: Provided, That the Secretary shall promptly notify the government of each country subject to any withholding of assist-ance pursuant to this paragraph, and shall notify the appropriate congressional com-mittees of such withholding not later than 10 days after a determination to withhold such assistance is made: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, assist such government in bring-ing the responsible members of such unit to justice. (3) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Of the funds ap-propriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $1,000,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’ for the United Nations Office of the Special Coordinator on Improving the UN Response to Sexual Exploitation and Abuse: Provided, That such transfer authority shall be exer-cised not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act. (i) ADDITIONAL AVAILABILITY .—Funds ap-propriated under titles I and V of this Act which are returned or not made available due to the implementation of subsection (a) or the second proviso under the heading ‘‘Contributions for International Peace-keeping Activities’’ of such title shall re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019. (j) N
ATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST WITH-
HOLDING .— (1) W
ITHHOLDING .—The Secretary of State shall withhold 5 percent of the funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Con-tributions to International Organizations’’ for a specialized agency or other entity of the United Nations if the Secretary, in con-sultation with the United States Ambas-sador to the United Nations, determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such agency or entity has taken an offi-cial action that is against the national secu-rity interest of the United States or an ally of the United States, including Israel. (2) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, may release funds withheld pursuant to paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines and reports to the Committees on Appropria-tions that such agency or entity is taking steps to address the action that resulted in the withholding of such funds. (3) R
EPROGRAMMING .—Should the Secretary of State be unable to make a determination pursuant to paragraph (2) regarding the re-lease of withheld funds, such funds may be reprogrammed for other purposes under the heading ‘‘Contributions to International Or-ganizations’’. (4) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State, fol-lowing consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, may waive the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary deter-mines that to do so in the national interest. 
COMMUNITY -BASED POLICE ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7049. Funds made available by titles III and IV of this Act to carry out the provi-sions of chapter 1 of part I and chapters 4 and 6 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of that Act, to enhance the effectiveness and accountability of civilian police author-ity through training and technical assist-ance in human rights, the rule of law, anti- corruption, strategic planning, and through assistance to foster civilian police roles that support democratic governance, including assistance for programs to prevent conflict, respond to disasters, address gender-based vi-olence, and foster improved police relations with the communities they serve. 
DISABILITY PROGRAMS  S
EC. 7050. (a) A SSISTANCE .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ shall be made avail-able for programs and activities adminis-tered by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to address the needs and protect and promote the rights of people with disabilities in developing countries, in-cluding initiatives that focus on independent living, economic self-sufficiency, advocacy, education, employment, transportation, sports, and integration of individuals with disabilities, including for the cost of trans-lation. (b) MANAGEMENT , OVERSIGHT , AND TECH-
NICAL SUPPORT .—Of the funds made available pursuant to this section, 5 percent may be used for USAID for management, oversight, and technical support. 
INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCES  S
EC. 7051. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees of agencies or departments of the United States Government who are stationed in the United States, at any single inter-national conference occurring outside the United States, unless the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attend-ance is important to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference attended by representa-tives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international orga-nizations, or nongovernmental organiza-tions. 
AIRCRAFT TRANSFER , COORDINATION , AND USE  S
EC. 7052. (a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, aircraft procured with funds ap-propriated by this Act and prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘An-dean Counterdrug Initiative’’, and ‘‘Andean Counterdrug Programs’’ may be used for any other program and in any region. (b) P
ROPERTY DISPOSAL .—The authority provided in subsection (a) shall apply only after the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the equipment is no longer required to meet programmatic purposes in the des-ignated country or region: Provided, That any such transfer shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notifica-tion procedures of, the Committees on Ap-propriations. (c) A
IRCRAFT COORDINATION .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The uses of aircraft pur-chased or leased by the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be coordinated under the authority of the appropriate Chief of Mission: Provided, That such aircraft may be used to transport, on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis, Federal and non-Federal personnel sup-porting Department of State and USAID pro-grams and activities: Provided further, That official travel for other agencies for other purposes may be supported on a reimburs-able basis, or without reimbursement when traveling on a space available basis: Provided further, That funds received by the Depart-ment of State in connection with the use of aircraft owned, leased, or chartered by the Department of State may be credited to the Working Capital Fund of the Department and shall be available for expenses related to the purchase, lease, maintenance, char-tering, or operation of such aircraft. (2) S
COPE.—The requirement and authori-ties of this subsection shall only apply to aircraft, the primary purpose of which is the transportation of personnel. (d) A
IRCRAFT OPERATIONS AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—To the maximum extent practicable, the costs of operations and maintenance, in-cluding fuel, of aircraft funded by this Act shall be borne by the recipient country. 
PARKING FINES AND REAL PROPERTY TAXES  
OWED BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS  S
EC. 7053. The terms and conditions of sec-tion 7055 of the Department of State, Foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1938 March 22, 2018 
Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2011 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall apply to this Act: Provided, That the date ‘‘September 30, 2009’’ in sub-section (f)(2)(B) of such section shall be deemed to be ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
LANDMINES AND CLUSTER MUNITIONS  S
EC. 7054. (a) L ANDMINES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, demining equipment available to the United States Agency for International Develop-ment and the Department of State and used in support of the clearance of landmines and unexploded ordnance for humanitarian pur-poses may be disposed of on a grant basis in foreign countries, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary of State may prescribe. (b) C
LUSTER MUNITIONS .—No military as-sistance shall be furnished for cluster muni-tions, no defense export license for cluster munitions may be issued, and no cluster mu-nitions or cluster munitions technology shall be sold or transferred, unless— (1) the submunitions of the cluster muni-tions, after arming, do not result in more than 1 percent unexploded ordnance across the range of intended operational environ-ments, and the agreement applicable to the assistance, transfer, or sale of such cluster munitions or cluster munitions technology specifies that the cluster munitions will only be used against clearly defined military tar-gets and will not be used where civilians are known to be present or in areas normally in-habited by civilians; or (2) such assistance, license, sale, or trans-fer is for the purpose of demilitarizing or permanently disposing of such cluster muni-tions. 
PROHIBITION ON PUBLICITY OR PROPAGANDA  S
EC. 7055. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes within the United States not authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act by Congress: Provided, That not to exceed $25,000 may be made available to carry out the provisions of section 316 of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–533; 22 U.S.C. 2151a note). 
CONTINUOUS SUPERVISION AND GENERAL DIREC -
TION OF ECONOMIC AND MILITARY ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7056. (a) Under the direction of the President, the Secretary of State shall be re-sponsible for the continuous supervision and general direction of economic assistance, law enforcement and justice sector assistance, military assistance, and military education and training programs, including but not limited to determining whether there shall be a military assistance (including civic ac-tion) or a military education and training program for a country and the value thereof, to the end that such programs are effectively integrated both at home and abroad and the foreign policy of the United States is best served thereby. (b) Consistent with section 481(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Secretary of State shall be responsible for coordinating all assistance provided by the United States Government to support international efforts to combat illicit narcotics production or trafficking: Provided, That the provision of assistance by the Department of Defense which is comparable to assistance that may be made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ shall be provided in a manner consistent with the requirements of section 333(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1241 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 7057. (a) A UTHORITY .—Up to $93,000,000 of the funds made available in title III of this Act pursuant to or to carry out the provi-sions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, may be used by the United States Agency for International De-velopment to hire and employ individuals in the United States and overseas on a limited appointment basis pursuant to the authority of sections 308 and 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3948 and 3949). (b) R
ESTRICTIONS .— (1) The number of individuals hired in any fiscal year pursuant to the authority con-tained in subsection (a) may not exceed 175. (2) The authority to hire individuals con-tained in subsection (a) shall expire on Sep-tember 30, 2019. (c) C
ONDITIONS .—The authority of sub-section (a) should only be used to the extent that an equivalent number of positions that are filled by personal services contractors or other non-direct hire employees of USAID, who are compensated with funds appro-priated to carry out part I of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, including funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, are eliminated. (d) P
ROGRAM ACCOUNT CHARGED .—The ac- count charged for the cost of an individual hired and employed under the authority of this section shall be the account to which the responsibilities of such individual pri-marily relate: Provided, That funds made available to carry out this section may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this Act in title II under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’. (e) F
OREIGN SERVICE LIMITED EXTEN -
SIONS .—Individuals hired and employed by USAID, with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, pursuant to the au-thority of section 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3949), may be extended for a period of up to 4 years notwithstanding the limitation set forth in such section. (f) D
ISASTER SURGE CAPACITY .—Funds ap-propriated under title III of this Act to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, may be used, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, for the cost (including the support costs) of individuals detailed to or employed by USAID whose primary responsibility is to carry out programs in response to natural disasters, or man-made disasters subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) P
ERSONAL SERVICES CONTRACTORS .— Funds appropriated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I, chapter 4 of part II, and section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and title II of the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.), may be used by USAID to employ up to 40 per-sonal services contractors in the United States, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of providing direct, interim support for new or expanded over-seas programs and activities managed by the agency until permanent direct hire per-sonnel are hired and trained: Provided, That not more than 15 of such contractors shall be assigned to any bureau or office: Provided further, That such funds appropriated to carry out title II of the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.), may be made available only for personal services contractors assigned to the Office of Food for Peace. (h) SMALL BUSINESS .—In entering into mul-tiple award indefinite-quantity contracts with funds appropriated by this Act, USAID may provide an exception to the fair oppor-tunity process for placing task orders under such contracts when the order is placed with any category of small or small disadvan-taged business. (i) S
ENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE LIMITED AP-
POINTMENTS .—Individuals hired pursuant to the authority provided by section 7059(o) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2011 (division F of Public Law 111– 117) may be assigned to or support programs in Afghanistan or Pakistan with funds made available in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. 
GLOBAL HEALTH ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 7058. (a) I NGENERAL .—Funds appro-priated by titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for bilateral assistance for child survival activities or disease pro-grams including activities relating to re-search on, and the prevention, treatment and control of, HIV/AIDS may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law except for provisions under the heading ‘‘Global Health Programs’’ and the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuber-culosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (117 Stat. 711; 22 U.S.C. 7601 et seq.), as amended: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $575,000,000 should be made available for family planning/repro-ductive health, including in areas where pop-ulation growth threatens biodiversity or en-dangered species. (b) G
LOBAL FUND.—Of the funds appro-priated by this Act that are available for a contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund), 10 percent should be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State de-termines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Global Fund is— (1) maintaining and implementing a policy of transparency, including the authority of the Global Fund Office of the Inspector Gen-eral (OIG) to publish OIG reports on a public Web site; (2) providing sufficient resources to main-tain an independent OIG that— (A) reports directly to the Board of the Global Fund; (B) maintains a mandate to conduct thor-ough investigations and programmatic au-dits, free from undue interference; and (C) compiles regular, publicly published audits and investigations of financial, pro-grammatic, and reporting aspects of the Global Fund, its grantees, recipients, sub-re-cipients, and Local Fund Agents; (3) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistle-blowers from retaliation, including best practices for— (A) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosures; (B) legal burdens of proof; (C) statutes of limitation for reporting re-taliation; (D) access to independent adjudicative bod-ies, including external arbitration; and (E) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation; and (4) implementing the recommendations contained in the Consolidated Trans-formation Plan approved by the Board of the Global Fund on November 21, 2011: Provided, That such withholding shall not be in addition to funds that are withheld from the Global Fund in fiscal year 2018 pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1939 March 22, 2018 
to the application of any other provision contained in this or any other Act. (c) C
ONTAGIOUS INFECTIOUS DISEASE OUT-
BREAKS .— (1) E
XTRAORDINARY MEASURES .—If the Sec-retary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that an inter-national infectious disease outbreak is sus-tained, severe, and is spreading internation-ally, or that it is in the national interest to respond to a Public Health Emergency of International Concern, funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’, ‘‘Com-plex Crises Fund’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘Migra-tion and Refugee Assistance’’, and ‘‘Millen-nium Challenge Corporation’’ may be made available to combat such infectious disease or public health emergency, and may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated under such headings for the pur-poses of this paragraph. (2) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds made available by this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) G
LOBAL HEALTH SECURITY .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, a global health security strategy shall be sub-mitted to the appropriate congressional committees in the manner described under this section in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (d) R
EPURPOSED FUNDS .—(1) Of the unobli-gated balances available under the heading ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235)— (A) $35,000,000 shall be made available for the Emergency Reserve Fund established pursuant to section 7058(c)(1) of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (di-vision J of Public Law 115–31): Provided, That such funds may only be made available if the USAID Administrator determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is in the national interest to respond to an emerging health threat that poses se-vere threats to human health; (B) $100,000,000 shall be for programs to ac-celerate the capabilities of targeted coun-tries to prevent, detect, and respond to infec-tious disease outbreaks; and (C) $10,000,000 shall be made available for support of a multi-partner trust fund or other multilateral efforts to assist commu-nities in Haiti affected by cholera resulting from the United Nations Stabilization Mis-sion in Haiti: Provided, That prior to the ob-ligation of such funds, the Secretary of State shall ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of such funds: Provided further, That such funds shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection are in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes. (3) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’ and ‘‘International Dis-aster Assistance’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under such headings: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (4) The amounts repurposed under this sub-section are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President sub-sequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Con-gress. GENDER EQUALITY  S
EC. 7059. (a) G ENDER EQUALITY .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act shall be made avail-able to promote gender equality in United States Government diplomatic and develop-ment efforts by raising the status, increasing the participation, and protecting the rights of women and girls worldwide. (b) W
OMEN ’SLEADERSHIP .—Of the funds ap-propriated by title III of this Act, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available to in-crease leadership opportunities for women in countries where women and girls suffer dis-crimination due to law, policy, or practice, by strengthening protections for women’s political status, expanding women’s partici-pation in political parties and elections, and increasing women’s opportunities for leader-ship positions in the public and private sec-tors at the local, provincial, and national levels. (c) G
ENDER -BASED VIOLENCE .— (1)(A) Of the funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $150,000,000 shall be made available to imple-ment a multi-year strategy to prevent and respond to gender-based violence in coun-tries where it is common in conflict and non- conflict settings. (B) Funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act that are available to train foreign police, judicial, and military personnel, in-cluding for international peacekeeping oper-ations, shall address, where appropriate, pre-vention and response to gender-based vio-lence and trafficking in persons, and shall promote the integration of women into the police and other security forces. (2) Department of State and United States Agency for International Development gen-der programs shall incorporate coordinated efforts to combat a variety of forms of gen-der-based violence, including child marriage, rape, female genital cutting and mutilation, and domestic violence, among other forms of gender-based violence in conflict and non- conflict settings. (d) W
OMEN , PEACE , AND SECURITY .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ should be made available to support a multi-year strategy to expand, and improve coordina-tion of, United States Government efforts to empower women as equal partners in conflict prevention, peace building, transitional processes, and reconstruction efforts in countries affected by conflict or in political transition, and to ensure the equitable provi-sion of relief and recovery assistance to women and girls. (e) W
OMEN AND GIRLS AT RISKFROMEXTRE -
MISM .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $15,000,000 shall be made available to support women and girls who are at risk from extremism and conflict, and for activities to— (A) empower women and girls to counter extremism; (B) address the needs of women and girls adversely impacted by extremism and con-flict; (C) document crimes committed by ex-tremists against women and girls, and sup-port investigations and prosecutions of such crimes, as appropriate; (D) increase the participation and influ-ence of women in formal and informal polit-ical processes and institutions at the local level and within traditional governing struc-tures; (E) support reconciliation programs be-tween impacted minority, religious, and eth-nic groups and the broader community; (F) develop and implement legal reforms and protections for women and girls at the national and local government levels; and (G) create and sustain networks for women and girls to collectively safeguard their rights on a regional basis. (2) CLARIFICATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) are in addition to amounts otherwise available by this Act for such purposes; and (B) shall be made available following con-sultation with, and subject to the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. 
SECTOR ALLOCATIONS  S
EC. 7060. (a) B ASIC EDUCATION AND HIGHER  E
DUCATION .— (1) B
ASIC EDUCATION .— (A) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $800,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for basic education, and such funds may be made available notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law that restricts assistance to for-eign countries: Provided, That such funds should be used to implement the objectives of basic education programs for each Coun-try Development Cooperation Strategy or similar strategy regarding basic education established by the United States Agency for International Development: Provided further, That such funds may also be used for sec-ondary education activities: Provided further, That the USAID Administrator, following consultation with the Committees on Appro-priations, may reprogram such funds be-tween countries. (B) Not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the USAID Administrator shall report to the Committees on Appropriations on the status of cumulative unobligated bal-ances and obligated, but unexpended, bal-ances in each country where USAID provides basic education assistance and such report shall also include details on the types of con-tracts and grants provided and the goals and objectives of such assistance: Provided, That the USAID Administrator shall update such report on a quarterly basis until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That if the USAID Administrator determines that any unobli-gated balances of funds specifically des-ignated for assistance for basic education in prior Acts making appropriations for the De-partment of State, foreign operations, and related programs are in excess of the absorp-tive capacity of recipient countries, such funds may be made available for other pro-grams authorized under chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, notwith-standing such funding designation: Provided further, That the authority of the previous proviso shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (C) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for basic edu-cation programs, not less than $87,500,000 shall be made available for a contribution to multilateral partnerships that support edu-cation. (2) H
IGHER EDUCATION .—Of the funds appro-priated by title III of this Act, not less than $235,000,000 shall be made available for assist-ance for higher education: Provided, That such funds may be made available notwith-standing any other provision of law that re-stricts assistance to foreign countries, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1940 March 22, 2018 
shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That of such amount, not less than $35,000,000 shall be made avail-able for human and institutional capacity building partnerships between higher edu-cation institutions in the United States and developing countries, of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be for new partnerships which should be competed and awarded not later than one year after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the USAID Administrator shall consult with the Com-mittees on Appropriations on the proposed uses of funds for such partnerships. (b) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Development Assistance’’, not less than $28,000,000 shall be made available for the American Schools and Hospitals Abroad pro-gram, and not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available for cooperative development programs of USAID. (c) E
NVIRONMENT PROGRAMS .— (1) A
UTHORITY AND NOTIFICATION .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of sections 103 through 106, and chapter 4 of part II, of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for the provisions of this subsection, to support environment programs. (B) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to the regular no-tification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (C) None of the funds in this Act are appro-priated or otherwise made available for a contribution, grant, or any other payment for the Green Climate Fund. (2) C
ONSERVATION PROGRAMS AND LIMITA -
TIONS .— (A) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $269,000,000 shall be made available for biodiversity conserva-tion programs. (B) Not less than $90,664,000 of the funds ap-propriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available to combat the transnational threat of wildlife poaching and trafficking. (C) None of the funds appropriated under title IV of this Act may be made available for training or other assistance for any mili-tary unit or personnel that the Secretary of State determines has been credibly alleged to have participated in wildlife poaching or trafficking, unless the Secretary reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is in the national security in-terest of the United States. (D) Funds appropriated by this Act for bio-diversity programs shall not be used to sup-port the expansion of industrial scale logging or any other industrial scale extractive ac-tivity into areas that were primary/intact tropical forests as of December 30, 2013, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive directors of each international financial institutions (IFI) to vote against any financing of any such activ-ity. (3) L
ARGE DAMS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States ex-ecutive director of each IFI that it is the pol-icy of the United States to vote in relation to any loan, grant, strategy, or policy of such institution to support the construction of any large dam consistent with the criteria set forth in Senate Report 114–79, while also considering whether the project involves im-portant foreign policy objectives. (4) S
USTAINABLE LANDSCAPES .—Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $123,500,000 shall be made available for sustainable landscapes programs. (d) FOODSECURITY AND AGRICULTURAL DE-
VELOPMENT .—Of the funds appropriated by title III of this Act, not less than $1,000,600,000 shall be made available for food security and agricultural development pro-grams to carry out the purposes of the Glob-al Food Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 195), of which not less than $315,960,000 shall be made available for the Bureau for Food Security, USAID, including not less than $55,000,000 for the Feed the Future Innova-tion Labs: Provided, That funds may be made available for a contribution as authorized by section 3202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246), as amended by section 3206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). (e) M
ICROENTERPRISE AND MICROFINANCE .— Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $265,000,000 shall be made available for microenterprise and microfinance devel-opment programs for the poor, especially women. (f) P
ROGRAMS TOCOMBAT TRAFFICKING IN  P
ERSONS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development As-sistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $65,000,000 shall be made available for activi-ties to combat trafficking in persons inter-nationally, of which not less than $40,000,000 shall be from funds made available under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for programs to end modern slav-ery shall be in addition to funds made avail-able by this subsection to combat trafficking in persons. (g) R
ECONCILIATION PROGRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Development Assistance’’, not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available to support people-to-people reconciliation programs which bring together individuals of different ethnic, religious, and political backgrounds from areas of civil strife and war: Provided, That the USAID Administrator shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, prior to the initial obligation of funds, on the uses of such funds, and such funds shall be subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That to the maximum ex-tent practicable, such funds shall be matched by sources other than the United States Gov-ernment: Provided further, That such funds shall be administered by the Office of Con-flict Management and Mitigation, USAID. (h) W
ATER AND SANITATION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $400,000,000 shall be made available for water supply and sanitation projects pursuant to the Senator Paul Simon Water for the Poor Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–121), of which not less than $145,000,000 shall be for programs in sub-Saharan Africa, and of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be made available to support initiatives by local communities in developing countries to build and maintain safe latrines. 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  S
EC. 7061. (a) T RANSFER OF FUNDS .—When- ever the President determines that it is in furtherance of the purposes of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, up to a total of $20,000,000 of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act for the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration Program Account, to be subject to the terms and conditions of that account: Provided, That such funds shall not be avail-able for administrative expenses of the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation: Pro- vided further, That designated funding levels in this Act shall not be transferred pursuant to this section: Provided further, That the ex-ercise of such authority shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (b) AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 235(a)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the authority of subsections (a) through (c) of section 234 of such Act shall remain in effect until September 30, 2018. 
ARMS TRADE TREATY  S
EC. 7062. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
INSPECTORS GENERAL  S
EC. 7063. (a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OF  F
UNDS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other mate-rials available to the department or agency of the United States Government over which such Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede the ac-cess of such Inspector General to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to such In-spector General and expressly limits the right of access of such Inspector General. (b) T
IMELY ACCESS .—A department or agen-cy of the United States Government covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General access to all records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) C
OMPLIANCE .—Each Inspector General covered by this section shall ensure compli-ance with statutory limitations on disclo-sure relevant to the information provided by the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) R
EPORT .—Each Inspector General cov-ered by this section shall report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations within 5 calendar days of any failure by any department or agency of the United States Government to provide its Inspector General access to all re-quested records, documents, and other mate-rials. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING INDI -
VIDUALS DETAINED AT NAVAL STATION , 
GUANTA ´NAMO BAY , CUBA  S
EC. 7064. Not later than 5 days after the conclusion of an agreement with a country, including a state with a compact of free as-sociation with the United States, to receive by transfer or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, the Secretary of State shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the terms of the agreement, in-cluding whether funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs will be made available for assistance for such country pursuant to such agreement. 
MULTI -YEAR PLEDGES  S
EC. 7065. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to make any pledge for future year funding for any multilateral or bilateral program funded in titles III through VI of this Act unless such pledge was— (1) previously justified, including the pro-jected future year costs, in a congressional budget justification; (2) included in an Act making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1941 March 22, 2018 
operations, and related programs or pre-viously authorized by an Act of Congress; (3) notified in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, including the projected future year costs; or (4) the subject of prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and such consultation was conducted at least 7 days in advance of the pledge. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF TORTURE  S
EC. 7066. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to support or justify the use of torture, cruel, or inhumane treat-ment by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. 
EXTRADITION  S
EC. 7067. (a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to provide assistance (other than funds pro-vided under the headings ‘‘International Dis-aster Assistance’’, ‘‘Complex Crises Fund’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Migration and Refugee As-sistance’’, ‘‘United States Emergency Ref-ugee and Migration Assistance Fund’’, and ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Assistance’’) for the central gov-ernment of a country which has notified the Department of State of its refusal to extra-dite to the United States any individual in-dicted for a criminal offense for which the maximum penalty is life imprisonment with-out the possibility of parole or for killing a law enforcement officer, as specified in a United States extradition request. (b) C
LARIFICATION .—Subsection (a) shall only apply to the central government of a country with which the United States main-tains diplomatic relations and with which the United States has an extradition treaty and the government of that country is in violation of the terms and conditions of the treaty. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary certifies to the Committees on Appropriations that such waiver is important to the national in-terest of the United States. 
COMMERCIAL LEASING OF DEFENSE ARTICLES  S
EC. 7068. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, and subject to the regular noti-fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, the authority of section 23(a) of the Arms Export Control Act may be used to provide financing to Israel, Egypt, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and major non-NATO allies for the procurement by leasing (including leasing with an option to purchase) of defense arti-cles from United States commercial sup-pliers, not including Major Defense Equip-ment (other than helicopters and other types of aircraft having possible civilian applica-tion), if the President determines that there are compelling foreign policy or national se-curity reasons for those defense articles being provided by commercial lease rather than by government-to-government sale under such Act. 
JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN , BUDGET , AND 
TRANSITIONS  S
EC. 7069. (a) J OINT STRATEGIC PLAN AND  B
UDGET .—Not later than 180 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall jointly submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a five year budget estimate that details by each fiscal year the funds nec-essary to implement, by agency, each of the four goals identified in the ‘‘Joint Strategic Plan for the Department of State and the United States Agency for International De-velopment, FY 2018–2022’’ (Joint Strategic Plan), required by section 306 of title 5, United States Code, and published on Feb-ruary 12, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary and the Administrator shall inform the ap-propriate congressional committees not later than September 30, 2018 of any changes to the Joint Strategic Plan. (b) STRATEGIC TRANSITIONS .— (1) The USAID Administrator shall regu-larly consult with the appropriate congres-sional committees and development stake-holders on efforts to transition nations from assistance recipients to enduring diplomatic, economic, and security partners: Provided, That such consultations shall include the guiding principles and metrics being devel-oped to support such efforts, and any other matters related to the implementation plan required in paragraph (2). (2) Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an implementation plan on country transitions from assistance that in-cludes— (A) the conditions and related benchmarks under which countries may transition from assistance provided by this Act and subse-quent Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs; (B) the actions required by USAID to fa-cilitate or support country efforts toward such transition, including consultation with civil society, other donors, multilateral or-ganizations, and implementing partners; (C) a description of the costs and number of personnel associated with strategic transi-tions, including investments to increase pub-lic and private domestic resource mobiliza-tion; and (D) the plans to ensure post-transition de-velopment progress. 
COUNTERING RUSSIAN INFLUENCE AND  
AGGRESSION  S
EC. 7070. (a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation. (b) A
NNEXATION OF CRIMEA .— (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has taken affirmative steps intended to support or be supportive of the Russian Federation annex-ation of Crimea or other territory in Ukraine: Provided, That except as otherwise provided in subsection (a), the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance re-quired by this paragraph if the Secretary de-termines and reports to such Committees that to do so is in the national interest of the United States, and includes a justifica-tion for such interest. (2) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for— (A) the implementation of any action or policy that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea or other ter-ritory in Ukraine; (B) the facilitation, financing, or guar-antee of United States Government invest-ments in Crimea or other territory in Ukraine under the control of Russian-backed separatists, if such activity includes the par-ticipation of Russian Government officials, or other Russian owned or controlled finan-cial entities; or (C) assistance for Crimea or other territory in Ukraine under the control of Russian- backed separatists, if such assistance in-cludes the participation of Russian Govern-ment officials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities. (3) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-struct the United States executive directors of each international financial institution to vote against any assistance by such institu-tion (including any loan, credit, or guar-antee) for any program that violates the sov-ereignty or territorial integrity of Ukraine. (4) The requirements and limitations of this subsection shall cease to be in effect if the Secretary of State determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Ukraine has reestab-lished sovereignty over Crimea and other territory in Ukraine under the control of Russian-backed separatists. (c) OCCUPATION OF THE GEORGIAN TERRI-
TORIES OF ABKHAZIA AND TSKHINVALI REGION / S
OUTH OSSETIA .— (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has rec-ognized the independence of, or has estab-lished diplomatic relations with, the Russian occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall publish on the Department of State Web site a list of any such central governments in a timely manner: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance re-quired by this paragraph if the Secretary de-termines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is in the na-tional interest of the United States, and in-cludes a justification for such interest. (2) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the Russian occupation of the Georgian terri-tories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/ South Ossetia. (3) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-struct the United States executive directors of each international financial institution to vote against any assistance by such institu-tion (including any loan, credit, or guar-antee) for any program that violates the sov-ereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. (d) A
SSISTANCE TO COUNTER INFLUENCE AND  A
GGRESSION .— (1) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, not less than $250,000,000 shall be made available to carry out the purposes of the Countering Russian Influence Fund, as authorized by section 254 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9543), and programs to enhance the capacity of law en-forcement and security forces in countries in Europe and Eurasia and strengthen security cooperation between such countries and the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, as appropriate. (2) Funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for the Eastern Partnership countries shall be made avail-able to advance the implementation of Asso-ciation Agreements and trade agreements with the European Union, and to reduce their vulnerability to external economic and political pressure from the Russian Federa-tion. (e) D
EMOCRACY PROGRAMS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act shall be made available to support democracy programs in the Rus-sian Federation, including to promote Inter-net freedom, and shall also be made avail-able to support the democracy and rule of law strategy required by section 7071(d) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113– 76). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1942 March 22, 2018 
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND  S
EC. 7071. (a) E XTENSIONS .—The terms and conditions of sections 7086(b) (1) and (2) and 7090(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall apply to this Act. (b) R
EPAYMENT .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of the International Mon-etary Fund (IMF) to seek to ensure that any loan will be repaid to the IMF before other private creditors. 
SPECIAL DEFENSE ACQUISITION FUND  S
EC. 7072. Not to exceed $900,000,000 may be obligated pursuant to section 51(c)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act for the purposes of the Special Defense Acquisition Fund (the Fund), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the provision of defense articles and defense services to foreign countries or international organizations from the Fund shall be subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of State. 
STABILITY AND DEVELOPMENT IN REGIONS  
IMPACTED BY EXTREMISM AND CONFLICT  S
EC. 7073. (a) C OUNTERING FOREIGN FIGHT-
ERS AND EXTREMIST ORGANIZATIONS .—Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for programs and activities to counter and defeat violent ex-tremism and foreign fighters abroad, con-sistent with the strategy required by section 7073(a)(1) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31): Provided, That the Secretary of State shall ensure such programs are coordi-nated with and complement the efforts of other United States Government agencies and international partners, and that infor-mation gained through the conduct of such programs is shared in a timely manner with relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government, other inter-national partners, and the appropriate con-gressional committees, as appropriate. (b) C
OUNTRIES IMPACTED BY SIGNIFICANT  R
EFUGEE POPULATIONS OR INTERNALLY DIS-
PLACED PERSONS .— (1) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available for programs in countries affected by significant populations of internally displaced persons or refugees to— (A) expand and improve host government social services and basic infrastructure to accommodate the needs of such populations and persons; (B) alleviate the social and economic strains placed on host communities, includ-ing through programs to promote liveli-hoods, vocational training, and formal and informal education; (C) improve coordination of such assist-ance in a more effective and sustainable manner; and (D) leverage increased assistance from do-nors other than the United States Govern-ment for central governments and local com-munities in such countries: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall periodically inform the appropriate congres-sional committees of the amounts and spe-cific uses of funds made available for the purposes of this subsection. (2) C
ONCESSIONAL FINANCE FACILITY .—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ may be made available for the Concessional Fi-nance Facility of the World Bank to provide financing to support refugees and host com-munities: Provided, That such funds shall be in addition to funds made available for bilat-eral assistance in the report required by sec-tion 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and may only be made available subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (c) FRAGILE STATES AND EXTREMISM .— Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for the purposes of section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115– 31), subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
ENTERPRISE FUNDS  S
EC. 7074. (a) N OTIFICATION .—None of the funds made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available for En-terprise Funds unless the appropriate con-gressional committees are notified at least 15 days in advance. (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS PLAN.—Prior to the distribution of any assets resulting from any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of an Enterprise Fund, in whole or in part, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a plan for the distribution of the assets of the En-terprise Fund. (c) T
RANSITION OR OPERATING PLAN.—Prior to a transition to and operation of any pri-vate equity fund or other parallel invest-ment fund under an existing Enterprise Fund, the President shall submit such tran-sition or operating plan to the appropriate congressional committees. 
USE OF FUNDS IN CONTRAVENTION OF THIS ACT  S
EC. 7075. If the President makes a deter-mination not to comply with any provision of this Act on constitutional grounds, the head of the relevant Federal agency shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations in writing within 5 days of such determination, the basis for such determination and any re-sulting changes to program and policy. 
BUDGET DOCUMENTS  S
EC. 7076. (a) O PERATING AND REORGANIZA -
TION PLANS .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each depart-ment, agency, or organization funded in ti-tles I, II, and VI of this Act, and the Depart-ment of the Treasury and Independent Agen-cies funded in title III of this Act, including the Inter-American Foundation and the United States African Development Founda-tion, shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations an operating plan for funds ap-propriated to such department, agency, or organization in such titles of this Act, or funds otherwise available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, that provides details of the uses of such funds at the program, project, and activity level: Provided, That such plans shall include, as applicable, a comparison be-tween the congressional budget justification funding levels, the most recent congressional directives or approved funding levels, and the funding levels proposed by the depart-ment or agency; and a clear, concise, and in-formative description/justification: Provided further, That if such department, agency, or organization receives an additional amount under the same heading in title VIII of this Act, operating plans required by this sub-section shall include consolidated informa-tion on all such funds: Provided further, That operating plans that include changes in lev-els of funding for programs, projects, and ac-tivities specified in the congressional budget justification, in this Act, or amounts specifi-cally designated in the respective tables in-cluded in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), as appli-cable, shall be subject to the notification and reprogramming requirements of section 7015 of this Act. (b) SPEND PLANS .— (1) Prior to the initial obligation of funds, the Secretary of State or Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan for funds made available by this Act, for— (A) assistance for Afghanistan, Iraq, Leb-anon, Pakistan, and the West Bank and Gaza; (B) assistance made available pursuant to section 7070(d) of this Act to counter Russian influence and aggression, except that such plan shall be on a country-by-country basis; (C) Power Africa and the regional security initiatives listed under this section in Sen-ate Report 115–152: Provided, That the spend plan for such initiatives shall include the amount of assistance planned for each coun-try by account, to the maximum extent practicable; and (D) democracy programs, programs to sup-port section 7073(a) of this Act, and sectors enumerated in subsections (a), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (h) of section 7060 of this Act. (2) Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a detailed spend plan for funds made available by this Act under the head-ing ‘‘Department of the Treasury, Inter-national Affairs Technical Assistance’’ in title III. (3) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), up to 10 percent of the funds contained in a spend plan required by this subsection may be obli-gated prior to the submission of such spend plan if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines that the obligation of such funds is nec-essary to avoid significant programmatic disruption: Provided, That not less than seven days prior to such obligation, the Sec-retary or Administrator, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations on the justification for such obliga-tion and the proposed uses of such funds. (c) S
PENDING REPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations a detailed report on spending of funds made available during fis-cal year 2017 under the heading ‘‘Develop-ment Credit Authority’’. (d) C
LARIFICATION .—The spend plans ref-erenced in subsection (b) shall not be consid-ered as meeting the notification require-ments in this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (e) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET JUSTIFICA -
TION.— (1) The congressional budget justification for Department of State operations and for-eign operations shall be provided to the Com-mittees on Appropriations concurrent with the date of submission of the President’s budget for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the appendices for such justification shall be provided to the Committees on Appropria-tions not later than 10 calendar days there-after. (2) The Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall include in the congres-sional budget justification a detailed jus-tification for multi-year availability for any funds requested under the headings ‘‘Diplo-matic and Consular Programs’’ and ‘‘Oper-ating Expenses’’. 
REPORTS AND RECORDS MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 7077. (a) P UBLIC POSTING OF RE-
PORTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Any agency receiving funds made available by this Act shall, sub-ject to paragraphs (2) and (3), post on the publicly available Web site of such agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1943 March 22, 2018 
any report required by this Act to be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions, upon a determination by the head of such agency that to do so is in the national interest. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a report if— (A) the public posting of such report would compromise national security, including the conduct of diplomacy; or (B) the report contains proprietary, privi-leged, or sensitive information. (3) T
IMING AND INTENTION .—The head of the agency posting such report shall, unless oth-erwise provided for in this Act, do so only after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations for not less than 45 days: Provided, That any report required by this Act to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations shall include information from the submitting agency on whether such report will be publicly posted. (b) R
EQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS .—None of the funds appropriated or made available pursu-ant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be available to a nongovernmental organiza-tion, including any contractor, which fails to provide upon timely request any document, file, or record necessary to the auditing re-quirements of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (c) R
ECORDS MANAGEMENT .— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Dip-lomatic and Consular Programs’’ and ‘‘Cap-ital Investment Fund’’ in title I, and ‘‘Oper-ating Expenses’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in title II that are made available to the Department of State and USAID may be made available to support the use or estab-lishment of email accounts or email servers created outside the .gov domain or not fitted for automated records management as part of a Federal government records manage-ment program in contravention of the Presi-dential and Federal Records Act Amend-ments of 2014 (Public Law 113–187). (2) D
IRECTIVES .—The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall— (A) update the policies, directives, and oversight necessary to comply with Federal statutes, regulations, and presidential execu-tive orders and memoranda concerning the preservation of all records made or received in the conduct of official business, including record emails, instant messaging, and other online tools; (B) use funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in title I, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in title II, as appropriate, to improve Federal records management pursuant to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. Chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33) and other applicable Federal records management statutes, regulations, or poli-cies for the Department of State and USAID; (C) direct departing employees that all Federal records generated by such employ-ees, including senior officials, belong to the Federal Government; and (D) significantly improve the response time for identifying and retrieving Federal records, including requests made pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act’’). (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall each submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations and to the National Archives and Records Administration detailing, as appro-priate and where applicable— (A) any updates or modifications made to the policy of each agency regarding the use or the establishment of email accounts or email servers created outside the .gov do-main or not fitted for automated records management as part of a Federal govern-ment records management program since the submission to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the report required by section 7077(c)(3) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31); (B) the extent to which each agency is in compliance with applicable Federal records management statutes, regulations, and poli-cies, including meeting Directive goal 1.2 of the Managing Government Records Directive (M–12–18) by December 31, 2017; and (C) any steps taken since the submission of the report referenced in subparagraph (A) to— (i) comply with paragraph (1)(B) of this subsection; (ii) ensure that all employees at every level have been instructed in procedures and processes to ensure that the documentation of their official duties is captured, preserved, managed, protected, and accessible in offi-cial Government systems of the Department of State and USAID; (iii) implement recommendation 1 made by the Office of Inspector General (OIG), De-partment of State, in the January 2016 Eval-uation of the Department of State’s FOIA Process for Requests Involving the Office of the Secretary (ESP-16-01); (iv) reduce the backlog of Freedom of In-formation Act (FOIA) and Congressional oversight requests, and measurably improve the response time for answering such re-quests; and (v) strengthen cyber security measures to mitigate vulnerabilities, including those re-sulting from the use of personal email ac-counts or servers outside the .gov domain, improve the process to identify and remove inactive user accounts, update and enforce guidance related to the control of national security information, and implement the recommendations of the corresponding re-ports of the OIG as detailed under this sec-tion in House Report 115–253 and contained in other relevant reports issued by the OIG. (4) OPERATING PLANS .—The operating plans required by section 7076(a) of this Act for funds appropriated under the headings listed in paragraph (1) shall include funds planned for— (A) implementing the recommendations of the OIG reports referenced in clauses (iii) and (v); and (B) measurably reducing the FOIA and Congressional oversight requests backlog. 
GLOBAL INTERNET FREEDOM  S
EC. 7078. (a) F UNDING .—Of the funds avail-able for obligation during fiscal year 2018 under the headings ‘‘International Broad-casting Operations’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, not less than $55,500,000 shall be made available for programs to promote Internet freedom globally: Provided, That such programs shall be prioritized for countries whose govern-ments restrict freedom of expression on the Internet, and that are important to the na-tional interest of the United States: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this section shall be matched, to the max-imum extent practicable, by sources other than the United States Government, includ-ing from the private sector. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Eu-rope, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ that are made available pursuant to subsection (a) shall be— (A) coordinated with other democracy pro-grams funded by this Act under such head-ings, and shall be incorporated into country assistance and democracy promotion strate-gies, as appropriate; (B) for programs to implement the May 2011, International Strategy for Cyberspace; the Department of State International Cyberspace Policy Strategy required by sec-tion 402 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (di-vision N of Public Law 114–113); and the com-prehensive strategy to promote Internet freedom and access to information in Iran, as required by section 414 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8754); (C) made available for programs that sup-port the efforts of civil society to counter the development of repressive Internet-re-lated laws and regulations, including coun-tering threats to Internet freedom at inter-national organizations; to combat violence against bloggers and other users; and to en-hance digital security training and capacity building for democracy activists; (D) made available for research of key threats to Internet freedom; the continued development of technologies that provide or enhance access to the Internet, including cir-cumvention tools that bypass Internet blocking, filtering, and other censorship techniques used by authoritarian govern-ments; and maintenance of the technological advantage of the United States Government over such censorship techniques: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), shall coordinate any such research and de-velopment programs with other relevant United States Government departments and agencies in order to share information, tech-nologies, and best practices, and to assess the effectiveness of such technologies; and (E) made available only after the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, concurs that such funds are allocated consistent with— (i) the strategies referenced in subpara-graph (B) of this paragraph; (ii) best practices regarding security for, and oversight of, Internet freedom programs; and (iii) sufficient resources and support for the development and maintenance of anti- censorship technology and tools. (2) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Broadcasting Op-erations’’ that are made available pursuant to subsection (a) shall be— (A) made available only for tools and tech-niques to securely develop and distribute BBG digital content; facilitate audience ac-cess to such content on Web sites that are censored; coordinate the distribution of BBG digital content to targeted regional audi-ences; and to promote and distribute such tools and techniques, including digital secu-rity techniques; (B) coordinated with programs funded by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Broadcasting Operations’’, and shall be in-corporated into country broadcasting strate-gies, as appropriate; (C) coordinated by the BBG CEO to provide Internet circumvention tools and techniques for audiences in countries that are strategic priorities for the BBG and in a manner con-sistent with the BBG Internet freedom strat-egy; and (D) made available for the research and de-velopment of new tools or techniques author-ized in paragraph (A) only after the BBG CEO, in consultation with the Secretary of State and other relevant United States Gov-ernment departments and agencies, evalu-ates the risks and benefits of such new tools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1944 March 22, 2018 
or techniques, and establishes safeguards to minimize the use of such new tools or tech-niques for illicit purposes. (c) C
OORDINATION AND SPEND PLANS .—After consultation among the relevant agency heads to coordinate and de-conflict planned activities, but not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the BBG CEO shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations spend plans for funds made available by this Act for pro-grams to promote Internet freedom globally, which shall include a description of safe-guards established by relevant agencies to ensure that such programs are not used for illicit purposes: Provided, That the Depart-ment of State spend plan shall include fund-ing for all such programs for all relevant De-partment of State and USAID offices and bu-reaus. 
IMPACT ON JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES  S
EC. 7079. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to provide— (1) any financial incentive to a business en-terprise currently located in the United States for the purpose of inducing such an enterprise to relocate outside the United States if such incentive or inducement is likely to reduce the number of employees of such business enterprise in the United States because United States production is being re-placed by such enterprise outside the United States; (2) assistance for any program, project, or activity that contributes to the violation of internationally recognized workers’ rights, as defined in section 507(4) of the Trade Act of 1974, of workers in the recipient country, including any designated zone or area in that country: Provided, That the application of section 507(4)(D) and (E) of such Act should be commensurate with the level of develop-ment of the recipient country and sector, and shall not preclude assistance for the in-formal sector in such country, micro and small-scale enterprise, and smallholder agri-culture; (3) any assistance to an entity outside the United States if such assistance is for the purpose of directly relocating or transferring jobs from the United States to other coun-tries and adversely impacts the labor force in the United States; or (4) for the enforcement of any rule, regula-tion, policy, or guidelines implemented pur-suant to— (A) the third proviso of subsection 7079(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111– 117); (B) the modification proposed by the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation in No-vember 2013 to the Corporation’s Environ-mental and Social Policy Statement relating to coal; or (C) the Supplemental Guidelines for High Carbon Intensity Projects approved by the Export-Import Bank of the United States on December 12, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guidelines would prohibit, or have the effect of prohibiting, any coal-fired or other power-generation project the purpose of which is to: (i) provide affordable elec-tricity in International Development Asso-ciation (IDA)-eligible countries and IDA- blend countries; and (ii) increase exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. 
UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND NATIONALS UN -
LAWFULLY OR WRONGFULLY DETAINED  
ABROAD  S
EC. 7080. (a) R EVIEW .—The Special Presi-dential Envoy for Hostage Affairs, in con-sultation with the Assistant Secretary for Consular Affairs, Department of State, shall review the practices of United States con-sular officers regarding assistance for citi-zens and nationals of the United States who are detained in countries where the Depart-ment of State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices indicate that arbitrary ar-rest or the denial of due process is common, or the judicial system is not independent or is susceptible to corruption, to— (1) assess whether consular officers rou-tinely seek to determine if— (A) the detained individual has presented credible information of factual innocence to United States officials; (B) credible information exists that the in-dividual is detained solely or substantially because he or she is a citizen or national of the United States; (C) credible information exists that the in-dividual is being detained as a result of exer-cising his or her right to freedom of expres-sion, association, assembly, or religion; (D) credible information exists that the in-dividual has been detained arbitrarily and denied due process or a fair trial; (E) independent nongovernmental organi-zations or journalists have raised concerns about the innocence or the conditions of con-finement of the detained individual; (F) the detained individual has presented credible information that his or her deten-tion is a pretext; and (G) the individual is detained in inhumane conditions; and (2) identify what, if any, diplomatic or other actions are taken by the Department on behalf of a detained individual if the con-sular officer determines that the answer to any of the questions specified in paragraph (1) is affirmative. (b) RECOMMENDATIONS , GUIDANCE , AND RE-
PORT .—Not later than 180 days after enact-ment of this Act and after completion of the review required under subsection (a), the Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Af-fairs, after consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Consular Affairs, Department of State, shall— (1) provide recommendations to the Sec-retary of State for modifying the guidance concerning the arrest and detention of United States citizens abroad in the Foreign Affairs Manual and Foreign Affairs Hand-book to better assist the Department of State in identifying cases where such deten-tion is unlawful or wrongful and to enhance diplomatic engagements with foreign gov-ernments and other actions on behalf of such citizens and nationals; and (2) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees detailing the findings of the review required pursuant to sub-section (a) and the recommendations pro-vided pursuant to paragraph (1) of this sub-section. 
REORGANIZATION AND REDESIGN  S
EC. 7081. (a) O VERSIGHT .— (1) P
RIOR CONSULTATION .—Funds appro-priated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may not be used to implement a reorganiza-tion, redesign, or other plan described in paragraph (2) by the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, or any other Federal depart-ment, agency, or organization funded by this Act without prior consultation by the head of such department, agency, or organization with the appropriate congressional commit-tees. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .—Pursuant to paragraph (1), a reorganization, redesign, or other plan shall include any action to— (A) expand, eliminate, consolidate, or downsize covered departments, agencies, or organizations, including bureaus and offices within or between such departments, agen-cies, or organizations, including the transfer to other agencies of the authorities and re-sponsibilities of such bureaus and offices; (B) expand, eliminate, consolidate, or downsize the United States official presence overseas including at bilateral, regional, and multilateral diplomatic facilities and other platforms; and (C) expand or reduce the size of the Civil Service, Foreign Service, eligible family member, and locally employed staff work-force of the Department of State and USAID from the on-board levels as of December 31, 2017: Provided, That not less than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees such on-board levels. (3) NOTIFICATION .—Funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for the activities described in paragraph (2) shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That any such notification submitted to such Committees shall include a detailed justification for any proposed action, including the information specified under this section in the explana-tory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consoli-dated Act). (4) O
PERATING PLANS .—Operating plans sub-mitted pursuant to section 7076(a) of this Act shall detail, as applicable, amounts for the bureaus, offices, and organizations detailed under this section in the explanatory state-ment described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) P
ERSONNEL .— (A) Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall each submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees detailing the personnel requirements necessary to implement the December 2017 ‘‘National Security Strategy of the United States’’ and the February 2018 ‘‘Joint Stra-tegic Plan for the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development, FY 2018–2022’’. (B) Not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall each submit to the appropriate congressional committees an analysis and justification for the reduction of Department of State and USAID personnel during calendar year 2017, to include an ex-planation of how such reductions support the missions of each agency. (C) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act and every 60 days thereafter until September 30, 2019, the Secretary of State, in the case of the Department of State, and the USAID Administrator, in the case of USAID, shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the on-board personnel levels, hiring, and attrition of the Civil Service, Foreign Service, eligible family member, and locally employed staff workforce of the De-partment of State and USAID, as appro-priate, on an operating unit-by-operating unit basis. (2) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUNDS .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act— (A) under the heading ‘‘Migration and Ref-ugee Assistance’’ shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Population, Ref-ugees, and Migration, Department of State; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1945 March 22, 2018 
(B) that are made available for the Office of Global Women’s Issues shall be adminis-tered by the United States Ambassador-at- Large for Global Women’s Issues. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM .— (A) None of the funds appropriated in title I of this Act under the heading ‘‘Administra-tion of Foreign Affairs’’ may be made avail-able for a new major information technology investment without the concurrence of the Chief Information Officer, Department of State. (B) In complying with the requirements of this paragraph, the Chief Information Offi-cer, Department of State, shall consider whether a new major information technology investment— (i) is consistent with the Department In-formation Technology Strategic Plan; (ii) maintains consolidated control over enterprise IT functions or improves oper-ational maintenance; (iii) improves Department of State resil-iency to a cyber-attack; (iv) reduces Department of State IT costs over the long-term; and (v) is in accordance with the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation (FAR), including FAR Part 6 regarding competition requirements. (C) Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing the conclusions and recommendations from the Information Technology (IT) Platform Planning workstream of the Department of State rede-sign initiative. (4) R
EGIONAL DEVELOPMENT MISSION FOR  
ASIA.—Funds appropriated by this Act and made available for the Regional Develop-ment Mission for Asia, USAID, in the table included under title II of the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the mat-ter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) shall be subject to section 7019 of this Act. 
UNITED NATIONS POPULATION FUND  S
EC. 7082. (a) C ONTRIBUTION .—Of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’ in this Act for fiscal year 2018, $32,500,000 shall be made available for the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act for UNFPA, that are not made available for UNFPA because of the op-eration of any provision of law, shall be transferred to the ‘‘Global Health Programs’’ account and shall be made available for fam-ily planning, maternal, and reproductive health activities, subject to the regular noti-fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS IN  C
HINA.—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by UNFPA for a coun-try program in the People’s Republic of China. (d) C
ONDITIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF  F
UNDS .—Funds made available by this Act for UNFPA may not be made available un-less— (1) UNFPA maintains funds made available by this Act in an account separate from other accounts of UNFPA and does not com-mingle such funds with other sums; and (2) UNFPA does not fund abortions. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS AND DOLLAR -FOR- 
DOLLAR WITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .— (1) Not later than 4 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations indicating the amount of funds that UNFPA is budgeting for the year in which the report is submitted for a country program in the People’s Repub-lic of China. (2) If a report under paragraph (1) indicates that UNFPA plans to spend funds for a coun-try program in the People’s Republic of China in the year covered by the report, then the amount of such funds UNFPA plans to spend in the People’s Republic of China shall be deducted from the funds made available to UNFPA after March 1 for obligation for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. MULTILATERAL DEVELOPMENT BANK  
REPLENISHMENTS  S
EC. 7083. (a) The Asian Development Bank Act (22 U.S.C. 285 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 36. ELEVENTH REPLENISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) The United States Governor of the Bank is authorized to contribute, on behalf of the United States, $189,580,000 to the elev-enth replenishment of the resources of the Fund, subject to obtaining the necessary ap-propriations. ‘‘(b) In order to pay for the United States contribution provided for in subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated, without fiscal year limitation, $189,580,000 for payment by the Secretary of the Treas-ury.’’. (b) The International Development Asso-ciation Act (22 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 30. EIGHTEENTH REPLENISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) The United States Governor of the International Development Association is authorized to contribute on behalf of the United States $3,291,030,000 to the eighteenth replenishment of the resources of the Asso-ciation, subject to obtaining the necessary appropriations. ‘‘(b) In order to pay for the United States contribution provided for in subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated, without fiscal year limitation, $3,291,030,000 for payment by the Secretary of the Treas-ury.’’. (c) The African Development Fund Act (22 U.S.C. 290g et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 225. FOURTEENTH REPLENISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) The United States Governor of the Fund is authorized to contribute on behalf of the United States $513,900,000 to the four-teenth replenishment of the resources of the Fund, subject to obtaining the necessary ap-propriations. ‘‘(b) In order to pay for the United States contribution provided for in subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated, without fiscal year limitation, $513,900,000 for payment by the Secretary of the Treas-ury.’’. 
RESCISSIONS  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 7084. (a) Of the unobligated balances available to the President under the heading ‘‘Development Assistance’’, as identified by Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 72 X 1021, $23,766,000 are rescinded. (b) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Export and Investment Assistance, Export-Import Bank of the United States’’ for carryover under the head-ing ‘‘Receipts Collected’’ in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $10,000,000 are re-scinded. TITLE VIII OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $2,975,971,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, of which $2,376,122,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of State may transfer up to $5,000,000 of the total funds made available under this head-ing to any other appropriation of any depart-ment or agency of the United States, upon the concurrence of the head of such depart-ment or agency, to support operations in and assistance for Afghanistan and to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That any such trans-fer shall be subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $68,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $54,900,000 shall be for the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) for reconstruction oversight: Pro- vided, That printing and reproduction costs of SIGAR shall not exceed amounts for such costs during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee of SIGAR who completes at least 12 months of continuous service after the date of enactment of this Act or who is employed on the date on which SIGAR terminates, whichever occurs first, shall acquire competitive status for appoint-ment to any position in the competitive service for which the employee possesses the required qualifications: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
EMBASSY SECURITY , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’, $71,778,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for Worldwide Security Upgrades, acquisition, and construction as authorized: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. I
NTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  
CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL  
ORGANIZATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Contribu-tions to International Organizations’’, $96,240,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Contribu-tions for International Peacekeeping Activi-ties’’, $967,456,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $158,067,000, to remain available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1946 March 22, 2018 
until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $2,500,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Disaster Assistance’’, $1,588,778,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
TRANSITION INITIATIVES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Transition Initiatives’’, $62,043,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
COMPLEX CRISES FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Complex Crises Fund’’, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, $2,152,122,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ to respond to ref-ugee crises, including in Africa, the Near East, South and Central Asia, and Europe and Eurasia, $2,431,198,000, to remain avail-able until expended, except that such funds shall not be made available for the resettle-ment costs of refugees in the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, $417,951,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $220,583,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Peace-keeping Operations’’, $325,213,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That funds available for obliga-tion under this heading in this Act may be used to pay assessed expenses of inter-national peacekeeping activities in Somalia, subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, $460,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 8001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for fis-cal year 2018. 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND CONDITIONS  S
EC. 8002. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act, the additional amounts appro-priated by this title to appropriations ac-counts in this Act shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts. 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND  S
EC. 8003. Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti- terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ shall be made available for the Counterter-rorism Partnerships Fund for programs in areas liberated from, under the influence of, or adversely affected by, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or other terrorist organiza-tions: Provided, That such areas shall include the Kurdistan Region of Iraq: Provided fur-ther, That prior to the obligation of funds made available pursuant to this section, the Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of such funds: Provided further, That section 7015(j) of this Act regarding notification of assistance diverted or destroyed shall apply to funds made available for the Counterter-rorism Partnerships Fund: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this section shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional commit-tees, and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS  S
EC. 8004. (a) T RANSFER OF FUNDS BETWEEN  A
CCOUNTS .— (1) Funds appropriated by this title in this Act under the headings ‘‘Transition Initia-tives’’, ‘‘Complex Crises Fund’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be trans-ferred to, and merged with, funds appro-priated by this title under such headings. (2) Funds appropriated by this title in this Act under the headings ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Oper-ations’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings. (b) GLOBAL SECURITY CONTINGENCY FUND.— Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, not to exceed $7,500,000 from funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ by this title in this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds previously made available under the heading ‘‘Global Secu-rity Contingency Fund’’. (c) L
IMITATION .—The transfer authority provided in subsection (a) may only be exer-cised to address contingencies. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—The transfer authority provided by this section shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer au-thority otherwise available under any other provision of law, including section 610 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 which may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this title. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION L—TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $112,813,000, of which not to ex-ceed $3,001,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Secretary; not to ex-ceed $1,040,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Deputy Secretary; not to exceed $20,555,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; not to exceed $10,331,000 shall be available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy; not to exceed $14,019,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Budget and Programs; not to ex-ceed $2,546,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Govern-mental Affairs; not to exceed $29,356,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration; not to exceed $2,142,000 shall be available for the Office of Public Affairs; not to exceed $1,760,000 shall be available for the Office of the Executive Secretariat; not to exceed $11,318,000 shall be available for the Office of Intelligence, Secu-rity, and Emergency Response; and not to exceed $16,745,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Transportation is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That no appropria-tion for any office shall be increased or de-creased by more than 7 percent by all such transfers: Provided further, That notice of any change in funding greater than 7 percent shall be submitted for approval to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That not to exceed $60,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1947 March 22, 2018 
shall be for allocation within the Depart-ment for official reception and representa-tion expenses as the Secretary may deter-mine: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, excluding fees au-thorized in Public Law 107–71, there may be credited to this appropriation up to $2,500,000 in funds received in user fees: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for the position of As-sistant Secretary for Public Affairs. 
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses related to the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, $23,465,109, of which $2,618,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, and of which $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, is for new competitive grants under 49 U.S.C. 5505 to a national center for congestion research and a national center for infrastructure research: Provided, That such amounts are in addition to amounts previously provided for such pro-gram: Provided further, That such amounts for additional national centers are provided notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5505(c)(2)(A): Pro- vided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until ex-pended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training: Provided further, That any reference in law, regulation, judicial proceedings, or elsewhere to the Research and Innovative Technology Administration shall continue to be deemed to be a reference to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transpor-tation. 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS  For capital investments in surface trans-portation infrastructure, $1,500,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall distribute funds provided under this heading as discretionary grants to be awarded to a State, local government, tran-sit agency, or a collaboration among such entities on a competitive basis for projects that will have a significant local or regional impact: Provided further, That projects eligi-ble for funding provided under this heading shall include, but not be limited to, highway or bridge projects eligible under title 23, United States Code; public transportation projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code; passenger and freight rail transportation projects; and port infra-structure investments (including inland port infrastructure and land ports of entry): Pro- vided further, That of the amount made avail-able under this heading, the Secretary may use an amount not to exceed $15,000,000 for the planning, preparation or design of projects eligible for funding under this head-ing: Provided further, That grants awarded under the previous proviso shall not be sub-ject to a minimum grant size: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary may use up to 20 percent of the funds made available under this heading for the purpose of paying the subsidy and administrative costs of projects eligible for Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, if the Secretary finds that such use of the funds would advance the purposes of this paragraph: Provided further, That in distrib-uting funds provided under this heading, the Secretary shall take such measures so as to ensure an equitable geographic distribution of funds, an appropriate balance in address-ing the needs of urban and rural areas, and the investment in a variety of transpor-tation modes: Provided further, That a grant funded under this heading shall be not less than $5,000,000 and not greater than $25,000,000: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading may be awarded to projects in a single State: Provided further, That the Federal share of the costs for which an expenditure is made under this heading shall be, at the option of the recipient, up to 80 percent: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall give priority to projects that re-quire a contribution of Federal funds in order to complete an overall financing pack-age: Provided further, That not less than 30 percent of the funds provided under this heading shall be for projects located in rural areas: Provided further, That for projects lo-cated in rural areas, the minimum grant size shall be $1,000,000 and the Secretary may in-crease the Federal share of costs above 80 percent: Provided further, That projects con-ducted using funds provided under this head-ing must comply with the requirements of subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary shall conduct a new competi-tion to select the grants and credit assist-ance awarded under this heading: Provided further, That the Secretary may retain up to $25,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading, and may transfer portions of those funds to the Administrators of the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Tran-sit Administration, the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, and the Maritime Administra-tion to fund the award and oversight of grants and credit assistance made under the National Infrastructure Investments pro-gram: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in the previous proviso may be used to hire additional personnel: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not use the Federal share as a selection criteria in awarding projects: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Opportunity under the previous proviso no later than 60 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Notice of Funding Opportunity shall require applica-tion submissions 90 days after the publishing of such Notice: Provided further, That of the applications submitted under the previous two provisos, the Secretary shall make grants no later than 270 days after enact-ment of this Act in such amounts that the Secretary determines. 
NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND  
INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU  For necessary expenses for the administra-tion of the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau (the Bureau) within the Office of the Secretary of Trans-portation, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall use such amount for the necessary expenses to fulfill the respon-sibilities of the Bureau, as detailed in sec-tion 9001 of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act (Public Law 114– 94) (49 U.S.C. 116): Provided further, That the Secretary is required to receive the advance approval of the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations prior to exercising the authorities of 49 U.S.C. 116(h): Provided further, That the program be available to other Federal agencies, States, municipali-ties and project sponsors seeking Federal transportation expertise in obtaining financ-ing. 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPITAL  For necessary expenses for upgrading and enhancing the Department of Transpor-tation’s financial systems and re-engineering business processes, $6,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020. 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for cyber security initiatives, including necessary upgrades to wide area network and information tech-nology infrastructure, improvement of net-work perimeter controls and identity man-agement, testing and assessment of informa-tion technology against business, security, and other requirements, implementation of Federal cyber security initiatives and infor-mation infrastructure enhancements, and implementation of enhanced security con-trols on network devices, $15,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2019. OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $9,500,000. 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING , RESEARCH , AND 
DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for conducting transportation planning, research, systems development, development activities, and making grants, to remain available until ex-pended, $14,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, $1,500,000 shall be for necessary ex-penses of the Interagency Infrastructure Per-mitting Improvement Center (IIPIC): Pro- vided further, That there may be transferred to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, amounts transferred from other Federal agencies for expenses incurred under this heading for IIPIC activities not related to transportation infrastructure: Pro- vided further, That the tools and analysis de-veloped by the IIPIC shall be available to other Federal agencies for the permitting and review of major infrastructure projects not related to transportation only to the ex-tent that other Federal agencies provide funding to the Department as provided for under the previous proviso. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For necessary expenses for operating costs and capital outlays of the Working Capital Fund, not to exceed $202,245,000, shall be paid from appropriations made available to the Department of Transportation: Provided, That such services shall be provided on a competitive basis to entities within the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the above limitation on operating ex-penses shall not apply to non-DOT entities: Provided further, That no funds appropriated in this Act to an agency of the Department shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without majority approval of the Working Capital Fund Steering Committee and approval of the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That no assessments may be levied against any program, budget activity, sub-activity or project funded by this Act unless notice of such assessments and the basis therefor are presented to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations and are approved by such Committees. 
MINORITY BUSINESS RESOURCE CENTER  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of the Minority Business Resource Center, the provision of financial education outreach activities to el-igible transportation-related small busi-nesses, the monitoring of existing loans in the guaranteed loan program, and the modi-fication of such loans of the Minority Busi-ness Resource Center, $500,301, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 332; Provided, That notwith-standing that section, these funds may be for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS  
UTILIZATION AND OUTREACH  For necessary expenses for small and dis-advantaged business utilization and outreach activities, $4,646,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not- withstanding 49 U.S.C. 332, these funds may be used for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1948 March 22, 2018 
PAYMENTS TO AIR CARRIERS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  In addition to funds made available from any other source to carry out the essential air service program under 49 U.S.C. 41731 through 41742, $155,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That in determining between or among car-riers competing to provide service to a com-munity, the Secretary may consider the rel-ative subsidy requirements of the carriers: Provided further, That basic essential air service minimum requirements shall not in-clude the 15-passenger capacity requirement under subsection 41732(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act or any other Act shall be used to enter into a new con-tract with a community located less than 40 miles from the nearest small hub airport be-fore the Secretary has negotiated with the community over a local cost share: Provided further, That amounts authorized to be dis-tributed for the essential air service program under subsection 41742(b) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made available imme-diately from amounts otherwise provided to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration: Provided further, That the Administrator may reimburse such amounts from fees credited to the account established under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —OFFICE OF THE  
SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary of Transportation to approve as-sessments or reimbursable agreements per-taining to funds appropriated to the modal administrations in this Act, except for ac-tivities underway on the date of enactment of this Act, unless such assessments or agreements have completed the normal re-programming process for Congressional noti-fication. S
EC. 102. The Secretary shall post on the Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation a schedule of all meetings of the Council on Credit and Finance, including the agenda for each meeting, and require the Council on Credit and Finance to record the decisions and actions of each meeting. S
EC. 103. In addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Working Capital Fund is hereby authorized to provide partial or full payments in advance and accept subsequent reimbursements from all Federal agencies from available funds for transit benefit dis-tribution services that are necessary to carry out the Federal transit pass transpor-tation fringe benefit program under Execu-tive Order No. 13150 and section 3049 of Pub-lic Law 109–59: Provided, That the Depart-ment shall maintain a reasonable operating reserve in the Working Capital Fund, to be expended in advance to provide uninter-rupted transit benefits to Government em-ployees: Provided further, That such reserve will not exceed one month of benefits pay-able and may be used only for the purpose of providing for the continuation of transit benefits: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund will be fully reimbursed by each customer agency from available funds for the actual cost of the transit benefit. F
EDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Aviation Administration, not otherwise pro-vided for, including operations and research activities related to commercial space trans-portation, administrative expenses for re-search and development, establishment of air navigation facilities, the operation (in-cluding leasing) and maintenance of aircraft, subsidizing the cost of aeronautical charts and maps sold to the public, the lease or pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only, in addition to amounts made available by Public Law 112–95, $10,211,754,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which $8,851,000,000 shall be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, of which not to exceed $7,692,786,000 shall be available for air traffic organization activities; not to exceed $1,310,000,000 shall be available for aviation safety activities; not to exceed $22,587,000 shall be available for commercial space transportation activities; not to exceed $801,506,000 shall be available for finance and management activities; not to exceed $60,000,000 shall be available for NextGen and operations planning activities; not to exceed $112,622,000 shall be available for security and hazardous materials safety; and not to ex-ceed $212,253,000 shall be available for staff offices: Provided, That not to exceed 5 per-cent of any budget activity, except for avia-tion safety budget activity, may be trans-ferred to any budget activity under this heading: Provided further, That no transfer may increase or decrease any appropriation by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 5 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall transmit to Congress an annual update to the report sub-mitted to Congress in December 2004 pursu-ant to section 221 of Public Law 108–176: Pro- vided further, That the amount herein appro-priated shall be reduced by $100,000 for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a companion report that describes a comprehensive strategy for staffing, hiring, and training flight standards and aircraft certification staff in a format similar to the one utilized for the controller staffing plan, including stated attrition esti-mates and numerical hiring goals by fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount here-in appropriated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to Congress: Provided further, That funds may be used to enter into a grant agreement with a non-profit standard-setting organization to assist in the development of aviation safety stand-ards: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for new appli-cants for the second career training pro-gram: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the Federal Aviation Administration to finalize or implement any regulation that would pro-mulgate new aviation user fees not specifi-cally authorized by law after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, foreign au-thorities, other public authorities, and pri-vate sources for expenses incurred in the pro-vision of agency services, including receipts for the maintenance and operation of air navigation facilities, and for issuance, re-newal or modification of certificates, includ-ing airman, aircraft, and repair station cer-tificates, or for tests related thereto, or for processing major repair or alteration forms: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, not less than $165,000,000 shall be used to fund direct oper-ations of the current 253 air traffic control towers in the contract tower program, in-cluding the contract tower cost share pro-gram, and any airport that is currently qualified or that will qualify for the program during the fiscal year: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall transmit to Congress the final disposi-tion of the Benefit Cost Analysis for applica-tions for participation in the Contract Tower Program and for reevaluation of Cost-share Program participants pending as of January 1, 2016, as mandated by section 119C of divi-sion K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31): Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds in this Act for aeronautical charting and cartography are available for activities conducted by, or co-ordinated through, the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act or any other Act may be used to eliminate the Contract Weather Ob-servers program at any airport. FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for acquisition, establishment, technical support services, improvement by contract or purchase, and hire of national airspace systems and experimental facilities and equipment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including initial acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; engineering and serv-ice testing, including construction of test fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; construction and furnishing of quarters and related accommodations for officers and employees of the Federal Avia-tion Administration stationed at remote lo-calities where such accommodations are not available; and the purchase, lease, or trans-fer of aircraft from funds available under this heading, including aircraft for aviation regulation and certification; to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, $3,250,000,000, of which $498,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019, $2,602,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and $150,000,000 shall re-main available until expended: Provided, That there may be credited to this appro-priation funds received from States, coun-ties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, for expenses incurred in the establishment, improvement, and mod-ernization of national airspace systems: Pro- vided further, That no later than March 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall trans-mit to the Congress an investment plan for the Federal Aviation Administration which includes funding for each budget line item for fiscal years 2019 through 2023, with total funding for each year of the plan constrained to the funding targets for those years as esti-mated and approved by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. 
RESEARCH , ENGINEERING , AND DEVELOPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for research, engineering, and de-velopment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including construction of experimental fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant, $188,926,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipali-ties, other public authorities, and private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1949 March 22, 2018 
sources, which shall be available for ex-penses incurred for research, engineering, and development. 
GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For liquidation of obligations incurred for grants-in-aid for airport planning and devel-opment, and noise compatibility planning and programs as authorized under sub-chapter I of chapter 471 and subchapter I of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, and under other law authorizing such obliga-tions; for procurement, installation, and commissioning of runway incursion preven-tion devices and systems at airports of such title; for grants authorized under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code; and for inspection activities and administration of airport safety programs, including those re-lated to airport operating certificates under section 44706 of title 49, United States Code, $3,000,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the planning or execution of pro-grams the obligations for which are in excess of $3,350,000,000 in fiscal year 2018, notwith-standing section 47117(g) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the replacement of baggage con-veyor systems, reconfiguration of terminal baggage areas, or other airport improve-ments that are necessary to install bulk ex-plosive detection systems: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Govern-ment’s share of allowable project costs under paragraph (2) for subgrants or paragraph (3) of that section shall be 95 percent for a project at other than a large or medium hub airport that is a successive phase of a multi- phased construction project for which the project sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011 for the construction project: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, of funds limited under this heading, not more than $111,863,000 shall be available for administration, not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for the Airport Cooperative Research Program, not less than $33,210,000 shall be available for Airport Technology Research, and $10,000,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be available and transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ to carry out the Small Community Air Service Devel-opment Program: Provided further, That in addition to airports eligible under section 41743 of title 49, such program may include the participation of an airport that serves a community or consortium that is not larger than a small hub airport, according to FAA hub classifications effective at the time the Office of the Secretary issues a request for proposals. 
GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Grants-In- Aid for Airports’’, to enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants for projects as authorized by subchapter 1 of chapter 471 and subchapter 1 of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, $1,000,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be derived from the gen-eral fund, and such funds shall not be subject to apportionment formulas, special appor-tionment categories, or minimum percent-ages under chapter 471: Provided further, That the Secretary shall distribute funds provided under this heading as discretionary grants to airports: Provided further, That the Secretary shall give priority consideration to projects at (a) nonprimary airports that are classified as Regional, Local, or Basic airports and are not located within a Metropolitan or Micropolitan Statistical Area as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, or (b) primary airports that are classified as Small or Nonhub airports: Provided further, That the Federal share payable of the costs for which a grant is made under this heading to a nonprimary airport shall be 100 percent: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations for the Grants-in-Aid for Airports program set forth in any Act: Provided further, That the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration may retain up to 0.5 percent of the funds provided under this heading to fund the award and oversight by the Admin-istrator of grants made under this heading. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 110. None of the funds in this Act may be used to compensate in excess of 600 tech-nical staff-years under the federally funded research and development center contract between the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development during fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to pursue or adopt guidelines or reg-ulations requiring airport sponsors to pro-vide to the Federal Aviation Administration without cost building construction, mainte-nance, utilities and expenses, or space in air-port sponsor-owned buildings for services re-lating to air traffic control, air navigation, or weather reporting: Provided, That the pro-hibition of funds in this section does not apply to negotiations between the agency and airport sponsors to achieve agreement on ‘‘below-market’’ rates for these items or to grant assurances that require airport sponsors to provide land without cost to the Federal Aviation Administration for air traf-fic control facilities. S
EC. 112. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may reimburse amounts made available to satisfy 49 U.S.C. 41742(a)(1) from fees credited under 49 U.S.C. 45303 and any amount remaining in such ac-count at the close of that fiscal year may be made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) for the subsequent fiscal year. S
EC. 113. Amounts collected under section 40113(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to the appropriation current at the time of collection, to be merged with and available for the same purposes of such ap-propriation. S
EC. 114. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for paying premium pay under subsection 5546(a) of title 5, United States Code, to any Federal Aviation Administra-tion employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time cor-responding to such premium pay. S
EC. 115. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for an employee of the Federal Aviation Administration to pur-chase a store gift card or gift certificate through use of a Government-issued credit card. S
EC. 116. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for retention bo-nuses for an employee of the Federal Avia-tion Administration without the prior writ-ten approval of the Assistant Secretary for Administration of the Department of Trans-portation. S
EC. 117. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available under this Act or any prior Act may be used to implement or to continue to implement any limitation on the ability of any owner or operator of a private aircraft to obtain, upon a request to the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, a blocking of that owner’s or operator’s aircraft registra-tion number from any display of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Aircraft Situa-tional Display to Industry data that is made available to the public, except data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of that owner or oper-ator. SEC. 118. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than eight political and Presidential appointees in the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. S
EC. 119. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to increase fees pursuant to section 44721 of title 49, United States Code, until the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration provides to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations a report that justifies all fees related to aeronautical navigation products and explains how such fees are consistent with Executive Order 13642. S
EC. 119A. None of the funds in this Act may be used to close a regional operations center of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion or reduce its services unless the Admin-istrator notifies the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations not less than 90 full business days in advance. S
EC. 119B. None of the funds appropriated or limited by this Act may be used to change weight restrictions or prior permission rules at Teterboro airport in Teterboro, New Jer-sey. S
EC. 119C. None of the funds provided under this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to withhold from consideration and approval any application for participation in the Con-tract Tower Program, or for reevaluation of Cost-share Program participants, pending as of January 1, 2016, as long as the Federal Aviation Administration has received an ap-plication from the airport, and as long as the Administrator determines such tower is eli-gible using the factors set forth in the Fed-eral Aviation Administration report, Estab-lishment and Discontinuance Criteria for Airport Traffic Control Towers (FAA–APO– 90–7 as of August, 1990). S
EC. 119D. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended to limit the use of an Organization Designation Authorization’s (ODA) delegated functions documented in its procedures man-ual on a type certification project unless the Administrator documents a systemic air-worthiness noncompliance performance issue as a result of inspection or oversight that the safety of air commerce requires a limita-tion with regard to a specific authorization or where an ODA’s capability has not been previously established in terms of a new compliance method or design feature: Pro- vided, That in such cases FAA shall work with the ODA holder if requested to develop the capability to execute that function safe-ly, efficiently and effectively. F
EDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed $439,443,925, together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Highway Administration, shall be obligated for necessary expenses for ad-ministration and operation of the Federal Highway Administration. In addition, $3,248,000 shall be transferred to the Appa-lachian Regional Commission in accordance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1950 March 22, 2018 
with section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAYS  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  Funds available for the implementation or execution of Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and the provisions of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act shall not exceed total obligations of $44,234,212,000 for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the Secretary may collect and spend fees, as authorized by title 23, United States Code, to cover the costs of services of expert firms, including counsel, in the field of municipal and project finance to assist in the underwriting and servicing of Federal credit instruments and all or a portion of the costs to the Federal Government of servicing such credit instru-ments: Provided further, That such fees are available until expended to pay for such costs: Provided further, That such amounts are in addition to administrative expenses that are also available for such purpose, and are not subject to any obligation limitation or the limitation on administrative expenses under section 608 of title 23, United States Code. 
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For the payment of obligations incurred in carrying out Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under title 23, United States Code, $44,973,212,000 derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count), to remain available until expended. 
HIGHWAY INFRASTRUCTURE PROGRAMS  There is hereby appropriated to the Sec-retary of Transportation $2,525,000,000: Pro- vided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be derived from the general fund, shall be in addition to any funds provided for fiscal year 2018 in this or any other Act for ‘‘Federal-aid Highways’’ under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, and shall not affect the distribution or amount of funds provided in any other Act: Provided further, That section 1101(b) of Pub-lic Law 114–94 shall apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $1,980,000,000 shall be set aside for activities eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code, $15,800,000 shall be set aside for activities eli-gible under the Puerto Rico Highway Pro-gram as described in section 165(b)(2)(C) of such title, $4,200,000 shall be set aside for ac-tivities eligible under the Territorial High-way Program, as described in section 165(c)(6) of such title, and $300,000,000 shall be set aside for the nationally significant Fed-eral lands and tribal projects program under section 1123 of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act (Public Law 114– 94): Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activities el-igible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code, shall be apportioned to the States in the same ratio as the obliga-tion limitation for fiscal year 2018 is distrib-uted among the States in section 120(a)(5) of this Act: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activi-ties eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code, shall be suballocated in the manner described in section 133(d) of such title, except that the set-aside de-scribed in section 133(h) of such title shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activi-ties eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of such title shall be administered as if apportioned under chapter 1 of such title and shall re-main available through September 30, 2021: Provided further, That, except as provided in the following proviso, the funds made avail-able under this heading for activities eligible under the Puerto Rico Highway Program and activities eligible under the Territorial Highway Program shall be administered as if allocated under sections 165(b) and 165(c), re-spectively, of such title and shall remain available through September 30, 2021: Pro- vided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activities eligible under the Puerto Rico Highway Program shall not be subject to the requirements of sections 165(b)(2)(A) or 165(b)(2)(B) of such title: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1123(h) of the FAST Act, the funds made available under this heading for the nationally significant Federal lands and tribal projects program in section 1123 of such Act shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $225,000,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2021, shall be set aside for a com-petitive highway bridge program for States that have a population density of less than 100 individuals per square mile: Provided fur-ther, That the funds made available by the previous proviso shall be (1) used for highway bridge replacement or rehabilitation projects on public roads that demonstrate cost sav-ings by bundling multiple highway bridge projects and (2) administered as if appor-tioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code: Provided further, That for pur-pose of the previous two provisos, the Sec-retary shall calculate population density fig-ures based on the latest available data from the decennial census conducted under sec-tion 141(a) of title 13, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 120. (a) For fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall— (1) not distribute from the obligation limi-tation for Federal-aid highways— (A) amounts authorized for administrative expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and (B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of Transportation Statistics; (2) not distribute an amount from the obli-gation limitation for Federal-aid highways that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— (A) made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under sections 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and (B) for which obligation limitation was provided in a previous fiscal year; (3) determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to (B) the total of the sums authorized to be appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(12) for such fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section; (4) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) ap-plies) that are allocated by the Secretary under the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multi-plying— (A) the proportion determined under para-graph (3); by (B) the amounts authorized to be appro-priated for each such program for such fiscal year; and (5) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts apportioned for the National High-way Performance Program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(12) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— (A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for such fiscal year; bears to (B) the total of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for such fiscal year. (b) EXCEPTIONS FROM OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TION.—The obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways shall not apply to obligations under or for— (1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); (3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); (4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); (5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); (6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); (7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); (8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (9) Federal-aid highway programs for which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; (10) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; and (12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2018, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1951 March 22, 2018 
(c) R EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall, after August 1 of such fiscal year— (1) revise a distribution of the obligation limitation made available under subsection (a) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and (2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 112–141) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. (d) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall apply to contract authority for transportation research pro-grams carried out under— (A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code; and (B) title VI of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made available under paragraph (1) shall— (A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal years; and (B) be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. (e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  F
UNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of distribution of obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— (A) are authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and (B) the Secretary determines will not be allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for such fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for such fiscal year. (2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (a)(5). (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received by the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics from the sale of data prod-ucts, for necessary expenses incurred pursu-ant to chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, may be credited to the Federal-aid highways account for the purpose of reim-bursing the Bureau for such expenses: Pro- vided, That such funds shall be subject to the obligation limitation for Federal-aid high-way and highway safety construction pro-grams. S
EC. 122. Not less than 15 days prior to waiving, under his or her statutory author-ity, any Buy America requirement for Fed-eral-aid highways projects, the Secretary of Transportation shall make an informal pub-lic notice and comment opportunity on the intent to issue such waiver and the reasons therefor: Provided, That the Secretary shall provide an annual report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on any waivers granted under the Buy America requirements. SEC. 123. None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to provide credit assistance un-less not less than 3 days before any applica-tion approval to provide credit assistance under sections 603 and 604 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation provides notification in writing to the fol-lowing committees: the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives: Provided, That such notification shall include, but not be limited to, the name of the project spon-sor; a description of the project; whether credit assistance will be provided as a direct loan, loan guarantee, or line of credit; and the amount of credit assistance. S
EC. 124. None of the funds in this Act may be used to make a grant for a project under section 117 of title 23, United States Code, unless the Secretary, at least 60 days before making a grant under that section, provides written notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the pro-posed grant, including an evaluation and jus-tification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award: Provided, That the written notification required in the previous proviso shall be made no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act. S
EC. 125. For this fiscal year, the Federal Highway Administration shall reinstate In-terim Approval IA–5, relating to the provi-sional use of an alternative lettering style on certain highway guide signs, as it existed before its termination, as announced in the Federal Register on January 25, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 4083). S
EC. 126. (a) A State or territory, as defined in section 165 of title 23, United States Code, may use for any project eligible under sec-tion 133(b) of title 23 or section 165 of title 23 and located within the boundary of the State or territory any earmarked amount, and any associated obligation limitation: Provided, That the Department of Transportation for the State or territory for which the ear-marked amount was originally designated or directed notifies the Secretary of Transpor-tation of its intent to use its authority under this section and submits a quarterly report to the Secretary identifying the projects to which the funding would be applied. Not-withstanding the original period of avail-ability of funds to be obligated under this section, such funds and associated obligation limitation shall remain available for obliga-tion for a period of 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the Secretary of Trans-portation is notified. The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out with funds made available under this section shall be the same as associated with the earmark. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘earmarked amount’’ means— (1) congressionally directed spending, as defined in rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, identified in a prior law, re-port, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appro-priated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration; or (2) a congressional earmark, as defined in rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives identified in a prior law, report, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appro-priated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration. (c) The authority under subsection (a) may be exercised only for those projects or activi-ties that have obligated less than 10 percent of the amount made available for obligation as of October 1 of the current fiscal year, and shall be applied to projects within the same general geographic area within 50 miles for which the funding was designated, except that a State or territory may apply such au-thority to unexpended balances of funds from projects or activities the State or territory certifies have been closed and for which pay-ments have been made under a final voucher. (d) The Secretary shall submit consoli-dated reports of the information provided by the States and territories each quarter to the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations. SEC. 127. Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) V
EHICLES IN NORTH DAKOTA .—A vehi- cle limited or prohibited under this section from operating on a segment of the Inter-state System in the State of North Dakota may operate on such a segment if such vehi-cle— ‘‘(1) has a gross vehicle weight of 129,000 pounds or less; ‘‘(2) other than gross vehicle weight, com-plies with the single axle, tandem axle, and bridge formula limits set forth in subsection (a); and ‘‘(3) is authorized to operate on such seg-ment under North Dakota State law.’’. S
EC. 128. Section 1105(c)(89) of Public Law 102–240, as amended, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(89) I–57 Corridor Extension as follows: In Arkansas, the corridor shall follow United States Route 67 in North Little Rock, Arkan-sas, from I–40 to United States Route 412, then continuing generally northeast to the State line, and in Missouri, the corridor shall continue generally north from the Ar-kansas State line to Poplar Bluff, Missouri, and then follow United States Route 60 to I– 57.’’. S
EC. 129. Section 1012(e) of Public Law 102– 240 is amended by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Upon the request of any State Depart-ment of Transportation that was authorized to enter into a tolling agreement under sec-tion 120(c) of Public Law 100–17 (101 STAT. 159), the Secretary is authorized to modify the agreement entered into under Public Law 100–17, as follows. The Secretary shall authorize the use of excess toll revenues for any other purpose for which Federal funds may be obligated under title 23, United States Code, provided the State— ‘‘(A) certifies annually that the tolled fa-cility is being adequately maintained; and ‘‘(B) agrees to comply with the audit re-quirements in section 129(a)(3)(B) of title 23, United States Code. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (2), ‘ex-cess toll revenues’ means revenues in excess of amounts necessary for operation and maintenance; debt service; reasonable return on investment of any private person or enti-ty that may be authorized by the State to operate and maintain the facility; and any cost necessary for improvement, including reconstruction, resurfacing, restoration, and rehabilitation.’’. S
EC. 129A. Section 127(a)(10) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read— ‘‘(10) With respect to Interstate Routes 89, 93, and 95 in the State of New Hampshire— ‘‘(A) State laws (including regulations) concerning vehicle weight limitations that were in effect on January 1, 1987, and are ap-plicable to State highways other than the Interstate System, shall be applicable in lieu of the requirements of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) effective June 30, 2016, a combination of truck-tractor and dump trailer equipped with 6 axles or more with a gross weight of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1952 March 22, 2018 
up to 99,000 pounds shall be permitted if the distances between the extreme axles, exclud-ing the steering axle, is 28 feet or more.’’. F
EDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY OPERATIONS AND  
PROGRAMS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the implementation, execution and administra-tion of motor carrier safety operations and programs pursuant to section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $283,000,000, to be derived from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account), together with advances and re-imbursements received by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the sum of which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for implemen-tation, execution or administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs au-thorized under title 49, United States Code, shall not exceed total obligations of $283,000,000 for ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Oper-ations and Programs’’ for fiscal year 2018, of which $9,073,000, to remain available for obli-gation until September 30, 2020, is for the re-search and technology program, and of which $34,824,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, is for information management. 
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $374,800,000, to be de-rived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to re-main available until expended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of motor carrier safety pro-grams shall not exceed total obligations of $374,800,000 in fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Motor Car-rier Safety Grants’’; of which $298,900,000 shall be available for the motor carrier safe-ty assistance program, $31,800,000 shall be available for the commercial driver’s license program implementation program, $43,100,000 shall be available for the high priority ac-tivities program, and $1,000,000 shall be avail-able for the commercial motor vehicle opera-tors grant program: Provided further, That of the unobligated amounts provided for Com-mercial Vehicle Information Systems Net-work Development or other Motor Carrier Safety grants in the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178), SAFETEA-LU (Public Law 109–59), or other appropriation or authorization acts prior to fiscal year 2017, $87,000,000 in additional obli-gation limitation is provided for the mod-ernization and maintenance of border facili-ties, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided further, That of the unobligated amounts provided for Commer-cial Vehicle Information Systems Network Development or other Motor Carrier Safety grants in the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178), SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59), or other appropriation or authorization acts prior to fiscal year 2017, $100,000,000 in additional ob-ligation limitation is provided for a highly automated vehicle research and development program and shall remain available until ex-pended, of which not less than $60,000,000 shall be for demonstration grants, and of which not less than $38,000,000 shall be for re-search activities: Provided further, That the activities funded by the previous proviso may be accomplished through direct expend-iture, direct research activities, grants, co-operative agreements, contracts, intra or interagency agreements, or other agree-ments with public organizations: Provided further, That such amounts, payments, and obligation limitation as may be necessary to carry out highly automated vehicle research and development program activities may be transferred and credited to appropriate ac-counts of other participating Federal agen-cies: Provided further, That $187,000,000 for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out this section shall be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), to be available until ex-pended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL MOTOR  
CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 130. Funds appropriated or limited in this Act shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in section 350 of Public Law 107–87 and section 6901 of Public Law 110–28. S
EC. 131. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall send notice of 49 CFR section 385.308 violations by certified mail, registered mail, or another manner of deliv-ery, which records the receipt of the notice by the persons responsible for the violations. S
EC. 132. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Transportation by this Act or any other Act may be obligated or expended to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the require-ments of section 31137 of title 49, United States Code, or any regulation issued by the Secretary pursuant to such section, with re-spect to the use of electronic logging devices by operators of commercial motor vehicles, as defined in section 31132(1) of such title, transporting livestock as defined in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assist-ance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471) or insects. N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary to discharge the functions of the Secretary, with respect to traffic and highway safety authorized under chapter 301 and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, $189,075,000, of which $40,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019. 
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 23 U.S.C. 403, section 4011 of the FAST Act (Public Law 114–94), and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, $149,000,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2018, are in excess of $149,000,000, of which $143,700,000 shall be for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 403 and $5,300,000 shall be for the National Driver Register authorized under chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That within the $149,000,000 obligation limitation for oper-ations and research, $20,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, and shall be in addition to the amount of any limita-tion imposed on obligations for future years. HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out provisions of 23 U.S.C. 402, 404, and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, to re-main available until expended, $597,629,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): Pro- vided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execu-tion of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2018, are in excess of $597,629,000 for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 402, 404, and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act, of which $261,200,000 shall be for ‘‘Highway Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 402; $280,200,000 shall be for ‘‘National Pri-ority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405; $29,900,000 shall be for ‘‘High Visibility En-forcement Program’’ under 23 U.S.C. 404; $26,329,000 shall be for ‘‘Administrative Ex-penses’’ under section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act: Pro- vided further, That none of these funds shall be used for construction, rehabilitation, or remodeling costs, or for office furnishings and fixtures for State, local or private build-ings or structures: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 of the funds made available for ‘‘National Priority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405 for ‘‘Impaired Driving Countermeasures’’ (as described in sub-section (d) of that section) shall be available for technical assistance to the States: Pro- vided further, That with respect to the ‘‘Transfers’’ provision under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(8), any amounts transferred to in-crease the amounts made available under section 402 shall include the obligation au-thority for such amounts: Provided further, That the Administrator shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions of any exercise of the authority grant-ed under the previous proviso or under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(8) within 5 days. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 140. An additional $130,000 shall be made available to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, out of the amount limited for section 402 of title 23, United States Code, to pay for travel and re-lated expenses for State management re-views and to pay for core competency devel-opment training and related expenses for highway safety staff. S
EC. 141. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration set in this Act shall not apply to obligations for which obli-gation authority was made available in pre-vious public laws but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used. S
EC. 142. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to obligate or award funds for the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration’s National Roadside Sur-vey. S
EC. 143. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to mandate global positioning system (GPS) tracking in private passenger motor vehicles without providing full and appropriate consideration of privacy concerns under 5 U.S.C. chapter 5, sub-chapter II. S
EC. 144. In addition to the amounts made available under the heading, ‘‘Operations and Research (Liquidation of Contract Author-ization) (Limitation on Obligations) (High-way Trust Fund)’’ for carrying out the provi-sions of section 403 of title 23, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1953 March 22, 2018 
Code, $11,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be made available to the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration from the general fund, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 shall be available to provide funding for grants, pilot program ac-tivities, and innovative solutions to reduce alcohol-impaired-driving fatalities and other causes of the recent increase in highway fa-talities from impaired driving in collabora-tion with eligible entities under section 403 of title 23, United States Code, and not to ex-ceed $6,500,000 shall be available to continue a high visibility enforcement paid-media campaign regarding highway-rail grade crossing safety in collaboration with the Federal Railroad Administration. F
EDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  
SAFETY AND OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Rail-road Administration, not otherwise provided for, $221,698,000, of which $15,900,000 shall re-main available until expended, and of which up to $350,000 shall be available for the Sec-retary of Transportation to assist Class II and Class III railroads in preparing to apply and applying for direct loans and loan guar-antees for eligible projects pursuant to sec-tions 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210) to also remain available until expended. 
RAILROAD RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for railroad re-search and development, $40,600,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD REHABILITATION AND IMPROVEMENT  
FINANCING PROGRAM  For the cost of direct loans and loan guar-antees pursuant to sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regu-latory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94– 210), as amended, $25,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amend-ed: Provided further, That the Secretary of Transportation is authorized to issue direct loans and loan guarantees pursuant to sec-tions 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210), as amended, such au-thority shall exist as long as any such direct loan or loan guarantee is outstanding: Pro- vided further, That, for direct loans and loan guarantees issued pursuant to sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210), as amended, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, shall define each cohort as the loans provided for that fiscal year, creating indi-vidual fiscal year cohorts for each fiscal year in which a loan was provided from the date of enactment of Public Law 105–178 to the date of enactment of Public Law 114–94: Pro- vided further, That, when all obligations at-tached to a cohort as defined under the pre-vious proviso have been satisfied, the Sec-retary shall repay the credit risk premiums of loans in the cohort, with interest accrued thereon, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act or, for a cohort with obligations that have not yet been sat-isfied, not later than 60 days after the date on which all obligations attached to the co-hort have been satisfied: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not treat the repay-ment of a loan after the date of enactment of Public Law 114–94 as precluding, limiting, or negatively affecting the satisfaction of the obligation of its cohort for a fiscal year prior to the enactment of Public Law 114–94. FEDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR STATE OF  
GOOD REPAIR  For necessary expenses related to Federal- State Partnership for State of Good Repair Grants as authorized by section 24911 of title 49, United States Code, $250,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of award and project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24911 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That section 24911(e)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘transpor-tation at the eligible project location’’. 
CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE AND  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses related to Consoli-dated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Im-provements Grants, as authorized by section 24407 of title 49, United States Code, $592,547,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $250,000,000 shall be avail-able for eligible projects under section 24407(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, for the implementation of positive train control systems, and of which $35,547,000 shall be available for eligible projects under section 24407(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that contribute to the initiation or restora-tion of intercity passenger rail service: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall not preclude projects from consideration for funding under the previous proviso due to a lack of agreement among the funding recipients, op-erator, and host railroad regarding access to and use of the host railroad facilities, if an agreement or order for the use of such facili-ties may occur under section 24308 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That section 24405(f) of title 49, United States Code, shall not apply to projects for the im-plementation of positive train control sys-tems otherwise eligible under section 24407(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That amounts available under this heading for projects selected for commuter rail passenger transportation may be transferred by the Secretary, after selec-tion, to the appropriate agencies to be ad-ministered in accordance with chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not limit eligible projects from consideration for funding for planning, engineering, environmental, con-struction, and design elements of the same project in the same application: Provided fur-ther, That unobligated balances remaining after four years from the date of enactment may be used for any eligible project under section 24407(c) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of award and project management over-sight of grants carried out under section 24407 of title 49, United States Code. 
RESTORATION AND ENHANCEMENT  For necessary expenses related to Restora-tion and Enhancement Grants, as authorized by section 24408 of title 49, United States Code, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the funds pro-vided under this heading to fund the costs of award and project management and over-sight. 
NORTHEAST CORRIDOR GRANTS TO THE  
NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the Northeast Corridor as author-ized by section 11101(a) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $650,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to one-half of 1 per-cent of the funds provided under both this heading and the ‘‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion’’ heading to fund the costs of project management and oversight of activities au-thorized by section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94: Provided further, That in addition to the project management over-sight funds authorized under section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94, the Sec-retary may retain up to an additional $5,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and the ‘‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ heading, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made avail-able to bring Amtrak-served facilities and stations into compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act. NATIONAL NETWORK GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL  
RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the National Network as author-ized by section 11101(b) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $1,291,600,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to an addi-tional $2,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading shall be available for costs asso-ciated with any matters Amtrak may elect to bring before the Surface Transportation Board related to passenger rail service: Pro- vided further, That at least $50,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading shall be available for the development, installation and operation of railroad safety technology, including the implementation of a positive train control system, on State-supported routes as defined under section 24102(13) of title 49, United States Code, on which posi-tive train control systems are not required by law or regulation. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 150. None of the funds provided to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to fund any overtime costs in excess of $35,000 for any individual employee: Provided, That the President of Amtrak may waive the cap set in the previous proviso for specific employees when the President of Amtrak determines such a cap poses a risk to the safety and operational efficiency of the system: Provided further, That the Presi-dent of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations each quarter within 30 days of such quarter of the calendar year on waivers granted to employ-ees and amounts paid above the cap for each month within such quarter and delineate the reasons each waiver was granted: Provided further, That the President of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act, a summary of all overtime payments incurred by the Corporation for 2017 and the three prior calendar years: Pro- vided further, That such summary shall in-clude the total number of employees that re-ceived waivers and the total overtime pay-ments the Corporation paid to those employ-ees receiving waivers for each month for 2017 and for the three prior calendar years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1954 March 22, 2018 
FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary administrative expenses of the Federal Transit Administration’s pro-grams authorized by chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, $113,165,000: Provided, That none of the funds provided or limited in this Act may be used to create a permanent office of transit security under this heading: Provided further, That upon submission to the Congress of the fiscal year 2019 Presi-dent’s budget, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall transmit to Congress the annual report on New Starts, including proposed al-locations for fiscal year 2019. 
TRANSIT FORMULA GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the Federal Public Transportation Assistance Program in this account, and for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the pro-visions of 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and section 3006(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $10,300,000,000, to be derived from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund and to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of pro-grams authorized under 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and section 3006(b) of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act, shall not exceed total obligations of $9,733,353,407 in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the Federal share of the cost of activities carried out under section 5312 shall not exceed 80 per-cent, except that if there is substantial pub-lic interest or benefit, the Secretary may ap-prove a greater Federal share. 
TRANSIT INFRASTRUCTURE GRANTS  For an additional amount for buses and bus facilities grants under section 5339 of title 49, United States Code, state of good repair grants under section 5337 of such title, high density state apportionments under section 5340(d) of such title, and the bus testing fa-cilities under sections 5312 and 5318 of such title, $834,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That $400,000,000 shall be available for grants as authorized under sec-tion 5339 of such title, of which $209,104,000 shall be available for the buses and bus fa-cilities formula grants as authorized under section 5339(a) of such title, $161,446,000 shall be available for the buses and bus facilities competitive grants as authorized under sec-tion 5339(b) of such title, and $29,450,000 shall be available for the low or no emission grants as authorized under section 5339(c) of such title: Provided further, That $400,000,000 shall be available for the state of good repair grants as authorized under section 5337 of such title: Provided further, That $30,000,000 shall be available for the high density state apportionments as authorized under section 5340(d) of such title: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for the bus test-ing facility as authorized under section 5318 of such title: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 5318(a) of such title, $2,000,000 shall be available for the operation and maintenance of bus testing facilities by institutions of higher education selected pur-suant to section 5312(h) of such title: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall enter into a contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, each institution of higher education selected pursuant to sec-tion 5312(h) of such title, to operate and maintain a facility to conduct the testing of low or no emission vehicle new bus models using the standards established pursuant to section 5318(e)(2) of such title: Provided fur-ther, That the term ‘‘low or no emission ve-hicle’’ has the meaning given the term in section 5312(e)(6) of such title: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall pay 80 percent of the cost of testing a low or no emission vehicle new bus model at each selected insti-tution of higher education: Provided further, That the entity having the vehicle tested shall pay 20 percent of the cost of testing: Provided further, That a low or no emission vehicle new bus model tested that receives a passing aggregate test score in accordance with the standards established under section 5318(e)(2) of such title, shall be deemed to be in compliance with the requirements of sec-tion 5318(e) of such title: Provided further, That amounts made available by this head-ing shall be derived from the general fund: Provided further, That the amounts made available under this heading shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations for transit programs set forth in any Act. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING  For necessary expenses to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5314, $5,000,000. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out fixed guideway capital investment grants under section 5309 of title 49, United States Code, $2,644,960,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $2,252,508,586 shall be obligated by December 31, 2019: Provided further, That $5,050,000 from unobligated amounts appropriated for the buses and bus facilities program under sec-tion 5309 of such title from fiscal years 2000 to 2005 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021 to carry out section 5309: Pro- vided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $1,506,910,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(d) of such title, $715,700,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(e) of such title, $400,900,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(h) of such title: Provided further, That the Secretary shall continue to administer the capital investment grant pro-gram in accordance with the procedural and substantive requirements of section 5309 of such title. 
GRANTS TO THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN  
AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY  For grants to the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Authority as authorized under section 601 of division B of Public Law 110–432, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall approve grants for cap-ital and preventive maintenance expendi-tures for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority only after receiving and reviewing a request for each specific project: Provided further, That prior to approving such grants, the Secretary shall certify that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making progress to improve its safety management system in response to the Federal Transit Administration’s 2015 safety management inspection: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall determine that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority has placed the highest pri-ority on those investments that will improve the safety of the system before approving such grants: Provided further, That the Sec-retary, in order to ensure safety throughout the rail system, may waive the requirements of section 601(e)(1) of division B of Public Law 110–432. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 160. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the Federal Transit Admin-istration shall not apply to any authority under 49 U.S.C. 5338, previously made avail-able for obligation, or to any other authority previously made available for obligation. S
EC. 161. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds appropriated before October 1, 2017, under any section of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that re-main available for expenditure, may be transferred to and administered under the most recent appropriation heading for any such section. S
EC. 162. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds in this or any other Act may be available to advance in any way a new light or heavy rail project to-wards a full funding grant agreement as de-fined by 49 U.S.C. 5309 for the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas if the proposed capital project is constructed on or planned to be constructed on Rich-mond Avenue west of South Shepherd Drive or on Post Oak Boulevard north of Richmond Avenue in Houston, Texas. (b) The Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas, may attempt to con-struct or construct a new fixed guideway capital project, including light rail, in the locations referred to in subsection (a) if— (1) voters in the jurisdiction that includes such locations approve a ballot proposition that specifies routes on Richmond Avenue west of South Shepherd Drive or on Post Oak Boulevard north of Richmond Avenue in Houston, Texas; and (2) the proposed construction of such routes is part of a comprehensive, multi- modal, service-area wide transportation plan that includes multiple additional segments of fixed guideway capital projects, including light rail for the jurisdiction set forth in the ballot proposition. The ballot language shall include reasonable cost estimates, sources of revenue to be used and the total amount of bonded indebtedness to be incurred as well as a description of each route and the beginning and end point of each proposed transit project. S
EC. 163. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this Act shall be used to enter into a full funding grant agreement for a project with a New Starts share greater than 51 percent. S
AINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT  C
ORPORATION  The Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations, as pro-vided by section 104 of the Government Cor-poration Control Act, as amended, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the Corporation’s budget for the cur-rent fiscal year. 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  
(HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses to conduct the op-erations, maintenance, and capital asset re-newal activities of those portions of the St. Lawrence Seaway owned, operated, and maintained by the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, $40,000,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, pursuant to Public Law 99–662: Pro- vided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, not less than $19,500,000 shall be used on asset renewal activities and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1955 March 22, 2018 
shall remain available through September 30, 2020. M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $300,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  For necessary expenses of operations and training activities authorized by law, $513,642,000, of which $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of training ships at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $300,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, including funds for construction, plan-ning, administration, and design of school ships in accordance with section 3505 of Pub-lic Law 114–328, as applicable, with unobli-gated balances from previous appropriations for the National Security Multi-Mission Ves-sel Program also available for and merged into this appropriation; and of which $2,400,000 shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for the Student Incentive Program at State Maritime Academies, and of which $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assist-ance payments, and of which $52,000,000 shall remain available until expended for facilities maintenance and repair, equipment, and cap-ital improvements at the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy, and of which $3,000,000 shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for Maritime Environment and Technology Assistance program author-ized under section 50307 of title 46, United States Code, and of which $7,000,000 shall re-main available until expended for the Short Sea Transportation Program (America’s Ma-rine Highways) to make grants for the pur-poses authorized under sections 55601(b)(1) and (3) of title 46, United States Code: Pro- vided, That not later than January 12, 2019, the Administrator of the Maritime Adminis-tration shall transmit to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations the an-nual report on sexual assault and sexual har-assment at the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy as required pursuant to sec-tion 3507 of Public Law 110–417. 
ASSISTANCE TO SMALL SHIPYARDS  To make grants to qualified shipyards as authorized under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by Public Law 113–281, $20,000,000 to remain available until expended. 
SHIP DISPOSAL  For necessary expenses related to the dis-posal of obsolete vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet of the Maritime Admin-istration, $116,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
MARITIME GUARANTEED LOAN (TITLE XI)  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $30,000,000, of which $27,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such loans, shall be defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amend-ed: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for administrative ex-penses to carry out the guaranteed loan pro-gram, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for ‘‘Oper-ations and Training’’, Maritime Administra-tion. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —MARITIME  
ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 170. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, in addition to any existing authority, the Maritime Administration is authorized to furnish utilities and services and make necessary repairs in connection with any lease, contract, or occupancy in-volving Government property under control of the Maritime Administration: Provided, That payments received therefor shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That rental payments under any such lease, contract, or occupancy for items other than such utili-ties, services, or repairs shall be covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. SEC. 171. None of the funds available or ap-propriated in this Act shall be used by the United States Department of Transportation or the United States Maritime Administra-tion to negotiate or otherwise execute, enter into, facilitate or perform fee-for-service contracts for vessel disposal, scrapping or re-cycling, unless there is no qualified domestic ship recycler that will pay any sum of money to purchase and scrap or recycle a vessel owned, operated or managed by the Maritime Administration or that is part of the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet: Provided, That such sales offers must be consistent with the solicitation and provide that the work will be performed in a timely manner at a facil-ity qualified within the meaning of section 3502 of Public Law 106–398: Provided further, That nothing contained herein shall affect the Maritime Administration’s authority to award contracts at least cost to the Federal Government and consistent with the require-ments of 54 U.S.C. 308704, section 3502, or oth-erwise authorized under the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. P
IPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONAL EXPENSES  For necessary operational expenses of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $23,000,000: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule to expand the applicability of com-prehensive oil spill response plans within 5 days of enactment of this Act. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  For expenses necessary to discharge the hazardous materials safety functions of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $59,000,000, of which $7,570,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That up to $800,000 in fees col-lected under 49 U.S.C. 5108(g) shall be depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury as offsetting receipts: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until expended, funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training, for re-ports publication and dissemination, and for travel expenses incurred in performance of hazardous materials exemptions and approv-als functions. 
PIPELINE SAFETY  
(PIPELINE SAFETY FUND)  
(OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND)  For expenses necessary to conduct the functions of the pipeline safety program, for grants-in-aid to carry out a pipeline safety program, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 60107, and to discharge the pipeline program re-sponsibilities of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $162,000,000, of which $23,000,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and of which $131,000,000 shall be de-rived from the Pipeline Safety Fund, of which $64,736,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and of which $8,000,000 shall be derived from fees collected under 49 U.S.C. 60302 and deposited in the Under-ground Natural Gas Storage Facility Safety Account for the purpose of carrying out 49 U.S.C. 60141 and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not less than $1,058,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be for the One-Call State grant program. EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS GRANTS  
(EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FUND)  Notwithstanding the fiscal year limitation specified in 49 U.S.C. 5116, not more than $28,318,000 shall be made available for obliga-tion in fiscal year 2018 from amounts made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), and 5128(b) and (c): Provided, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5116(h)(4), not more than 4 percent of the amounts made available from this account shall be available to pay administrative costs: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), 5128(b), or 5128(c) shall be made available for obligation by individuals other than the Sec-retary of Transportation, or his or her des-ignee. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Inspector General to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $92,152,000: Provided, That the In-spector General shall have all necessary au-thority, in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act, as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the gov-ernment (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any person or en-tity that is subject to regulation by the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading may be used to investigate, pursu-ant to section 41712 of title 49, United States Code: (1) unfair or deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition by domestic and foreign air carriers and ticket agents; and (2) the compliance of domestic and for-eign air carriers with respect to item (1) of this proviso. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  T
RANSPORTATION  S
EC. 180. (a) During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations to the Department of Transportation shall be available for maintenance and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of liability insurance for motor ve-hicles operating in foreign countries on offi-cial department business; and uniforms or al-lowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902). (b) During the current fiscal year, applica-ble appropriations to the Department and its operating administrations shall be available for the purchase, maintenance, operation, and deployment of unmanned aircraft sys-tems that advance the Department’s, or its operating administrations’, missions. (c) Any unmanned aircraft system pur-chased or procured by the Department prior to the enactment of this Act shall be deemed authorized. S
EC. 181. Appropriations contained in this Act for the Department of Transportation shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for an Executive Level IV. S
EC. 182. (a) No recipient of funds made available in this Act shall disseminate per-sonal information (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(3)) obtained by a State department of motor vehicles in connection with a motor vehicle record as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(1), except as provided in 18 U.S.C. 2721 for a use permitted under 18 U.S.C. 2721. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall not withhold funds provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1956 March 22, 2018 
in this Act for any grantee if a State is in noncompliance with this provision. S
EC. 183. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than 110 political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Department of Transpor-tation: Provided, That none of the personnel covered by this provision may be assigned on temporary detail outside the Department of Transportation. S
EC. 184. Funds received by the Federal Highway Administration and Federal Rail-road Administration from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training may be credited respectively to the Federal Highway Administration’s ‘‘Federal- Aid Highways’’ account and to the Federal Railroad Administration’s ‘‘Safety and Oper-ations’’ account, except for State rail safety inspectors participating in training pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 20105. S
EC. 185. (a) None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, or discretionary grant unless the Secretary of Transportation notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full busi-ness days before any project competitively selected to receive any discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, line of credit commitment, or full funding grant agree-ment is announced by the Department or its modal administrations: Provided, That the Secretary gives concurrent notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations for any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further, That no notification shall involve funds that are not available for obligation. (b) In addition to the notification required in subsection (a), none of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, cooperative agreement or discretionary grant unless the Secretary of Transportation provides the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions a comprehensive list of all such loans, loan guarantees, lines of credit, cooperative agreement or discretionary grants that will be announced not less the 3 full business days before such announcement: Provided, That the requirement to provide a list in this subsection does not apply to any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further, That no list shall involve funds that are not available for obli-gation. S
EC. 186. Rebates, refunds, incentive pay-ments, minor fees and other funds received by the Department of Transportation from travel management centers, charge card pro-grams, the subleasing of building space, and miscellaneous sources are to be credited to appropriations of the Department of Trans-portation and allocated to elements of the Department of Transportation using fair and equitable criteria and such funds shall be available until expended. S
EC. 187. Amounts made available in this or any prior Act that the Secretary deter-mines represent improper payments by the Department of Transportation to a third- party contractor under a financial assistance award, which are recovered pursuant to law, shall be available— (1) to reimburse the actual expenses in-curred by the Department of Transportation in recovering improper payments: Provided, That amounts made available in this Act shall be available until expended; and (2) to pay contractors for services provided in recovering improper payments or con-tractor support in the implementation of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002: Provided, That amounts in excess of that re-quired for paragraphs (1) and (2)— (A) shall be credited to and merged with the appropriation from which the improper payments were made, and shall be available for the purposes and period for which such appropriations are available: Provided fur-ther, That where specific project or account-ing information associated with the im-proper payment or payments is not readily available, the Secretary may credit an ap-propriate account, which shall be available for the purposes and period associated with the account so credited; or (B) if no such appropriation remains avail-able, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That prior to the transfer of any such recov-ery to an appropriations account, the Sec-retary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the amount and reasons for such transfer: Pro- vided further, That for purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘improper payments’’ has the same meaning as that provided in section 2(d)(2) of Public Law 107–300. SEC. 188. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, if any funds provided in or lim-ited by this Act are subject to a reprogram-ming action that requires notice to be pro-vided to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, transmission of said re-programming notice shall be provided solely to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations, and said reprogramming action shall be approved or denied solely by the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided, That the Secretary of Trans-portation may provide notice to other con-gressional committees of the action of the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions on such reprogramming but not sooner than 30 days following the date on which the reprogramming action has been approved or denied by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 189. Funds appropriated in this Act to the modal administrations may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary for the costs related to assessments or reimbursable agreements only when such amounts are for the costs of goods and services that are pur-chased to provide a direct benefit to the ap-plicable modal administration or adminis-trations. S
EC. 190. The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to carry out a program that es-tablishes uniform standards for developing and supporting agency transit pass and tran-sit benefits authorized under section 7905 of title 5, United States Code, including dis-tribution of transit benefits by various paper and electronic media. S
EC. 191. The Department of Transpor-tation may use funds provided by this Act, or any other Act, to assist a contract under title 49 U.S.C. or title 23 U.S.C. utilizing geo-graphic, economic, or any other hiring pref-erence not otherwise authorized by law, or to amend a rule, regulation, policy or other measure that forbids a recipient of a Federal Highway Administration or Federal Transit Administration grant from imposing such hiring preference on a contract or construc-tion project with which the Department of Transportation is assisting, only if the grant recipient certifies the following: (1) that except with respect to apprentices or trainees, a pool of readily available but unemployed individuals possessing the knowledge, skill, and ability to perform the work that the contract requires resides in the jurisdiction; (2) that the grant recipient will include ap-propriate provisions in its bid document en-suring that the contractor does not displace any of its existing employees in order to sat-isfy such hiring preference; and (3) that any increase in the cost of labor, training, or delays resulting from the use of such hiring preference does not delay or dis-place any transportation project in the ap-plicable Statewide Transportation Improve-ment Program or Transportation Improve-ment Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Transportation Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
EXECUTIVE OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ex-ecutive Offices, which shall be comprised of the offices of the Secretary, Deputy Sec-retary, Adjudicatory Services, Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Public Af-fairs, Small and Disadvantaged Business Uti-lization, and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, $14,708,000: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $19,876 of the amount made available under this heading shall be available to the Secretary for offi-cial reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ad-ministrative Support Offices, $518,303,000, of which $52,200,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Chief Financial Officer; $95,400,000 shall be available for the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel; $204,253,000 shall be available for the Office of Administration; $39,300,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer; $53,500,000 shall be available for the Office of Field Policy and Management; $19,500,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Procurement Offi-cer; $3,800,000 shall be available for the Office of Departmental Equal Employment Oppor-tunity; $4,950,000 shall be available for the Office of Strategic Planning and Manage-ment; and $45,400,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be used for necessary adminis-trative and non-administrative expenses of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, not otherwise provided for, includ-ing purchase of uniforms, or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and pro-motional activities that directly support program activities funded in this title: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall pro-vide the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations quarterly written notifica-tion regarding the status of pending congres-sional reports: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide in electronic form all signed reports required by Congress: Provided further, That within 30 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions organization charts reflecting the De-partment’s and each office’s structure (to the branch level) on October 1, 2017 and on the date of enactment of this Act. P
ROGRAM OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Public and Indian Housing, $216,633,000. 
COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Community Planning and Develop-ment, $107,554,000. 
HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Housing, $383,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1957 March 22, 2018 
POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Policy Development and Research, $24,065,000. 
FAIR HOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-tunity, $69,808,000. 
OFFICE OF LEAD HAZARD CONTROL AND  
HEALTHY HOMES  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes, $7,600,000. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the working capital fund for the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Fund’’), pursuant, in part, to section 7(f) of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(f)), amounts transferred to the Fund under this heading shall be available for Federal shared services used by offices and agencies of the Depart-ment, and for such portion of any office or agency’s printing, records management, space renovation, furniture, or supply serv-ices as the Secretary determines shall be de-rived from centralized sources made avail-able by the Department to all offices and agencies and funded through the Fund: Pro- vided, That of the amounts made available in this title for salaries and expenses under the headings ‘‘Executive Offices’’, ‘‘Administra-tive Support Offices’’, ‘‘Program Office Sala-ries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘Government Na-tional Mortgage Association’’, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund such amounts, to remain available until expended, as are nec-essary to fund services, specified in the mat-ter preceding the first proviso, for which the appropriation would otherwise have been available, and may transfer not to exceed an additional $5,000,000, in aggregate, from all such appropriations, to be merged with the Fund and to remain available until expended for use for any office or agency: Provided fur-ther, That amounts in the Fund shall be the only amounts available to each office or agency of the Department for the services, or portion of services, specified in the matter preceding the first proviso: Provided further, That with respect to the Fund, the authori-ties and conditions under this heading shall supplement the authorities and conditions provided under section 7(f). P
UBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  
TENANT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of tenant-based rental assistance au-thorized under the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’ herein), not otherwise pro-vided for, $18,015,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2017 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 pre-viously appropriated under this heading that shall be available on October 1, 2017), and $4,000,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading are provided as follows: (1) $19,600,000,000 shall be available for re-newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts (including re-newals of enhanced vouchers under any pro-vision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act) and including renewal of other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, from amounts provided under this paragraph and any car-ryover, the Secretary for the calendar year 2018 funding cycle shall provide renewal funding for each public housing agency based on validated voucher management system (VMS) leasing and cost data for the prior cal-endar year and by applying an inflation fac-tor as established by the Secretary, by no-tice published in the Federal Register, and by making any necessary adjustments for the costs associated with the first-time re-newal of vouchers under this paragraph in-cluding tenant protection, HOPE VI, and Choice Neighborhoods vouchers: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this paragraph may be used to fund a total number of unit months under lease which ex-ceeds a public housing agency’s authorized level of units under contract, except for pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration, which are instead gov-erned by the terms and conditions of their MTW agreements: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the extent necessary to stay within the amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph), prorate each public housing agency’s allocation otherwise estab-lished pursuant to this paragraph: Provided further, That except as provided in the fol-lowing provisos, the entire amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph) shall be obli-gated to the public housing agencies based on the allocation and pro rata method de-scribed above, and the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies of their annual budg-et by the latter of 60 days after enactment of this Act or March 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary may extend the notifica-tion period with the prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursuant to their MTW agreements and shall be subject to the same pro rata adjustments under the previous provisos: Provided further, That the Secretary may offset public housing agen-cies’ calendar year 2018 allocations based on the excess amounts of public housing agen-cies’ net restricted assets accounts, includ-ing HUD-held programmatic reserves (in ac-cordance with VMS data in calendar year 2017 that is verifiable and complete), as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall also be sub-ject to the offset, as determined by the Sec-retary, excluding amounts subject to the sin-gle fund budget authority provisions of their MTW agreements, from the agencies’ cal-endar year 2018 MTW funding allocation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall use any offset referred to in the previous two provisos throughout the calendar year to prevent the termination of rental assistance for families as the result of insufficient fund-ing, as determined by the Secretary, and to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations: Provided further, That up to $75,000,000 shall be available only: (1) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies, after application for an ad-justment by a public housing agency that ex-perienced a significant increase, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in renewal costs of vouchers resulting from unforeseen cir-cumstances or from portability under sec-tion 8(r) of the Act; (2) for vouchers that were not in use during the previous 12-month period in order to be available to meet a commitment pursuant to section 8(o)(13) of the Act; (3) for adjustments for costs associ-ated with HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD–VASH) vouchers; and (4) for public housing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as deter-mined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate rental assistance for families as a result of insufficient funding: Provided further, That the Secretary shall al-locate amounts under the previous proviso based on need, as determined by the Sec-retary; (2) $85,000,000 shall be for section 8 rental assistance for relocation and replacement of housing units that are demolished or dis-posed of pursuant to section 18 of the Act, conversion of section 23 projects to assist-ance under section 8, the family unification program under section 8(x) of the Act, relo-cation of witnesses in connection with ef-forts to combat crime in public and assisted housing pursuant to a request from a law en-forcement or prosecution agency, enhanced vouchers under any provision of law author-izing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act, HOPE VI and Choice Neighborhood vouchers, mandatory and voluntary conver-sions, and tenant protection assistance in-cluding replacement and relocation assist-ance or for project-based assistance to pre-vent the displacement of unassisted elderly tenants currently residing in section 202 properties financed between 1959 and 1974 that are refinanced pursuant to Public Law 106–569, as amended, or under the authority as provided under this Act: Provided, That when a public housing development is sub-mitted for demolition or disposition under section 18 of the Act, the Secretary may pro-vide section 8 rental assistance when the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That the Secretary may only provide replacement vouchers for units that were occupied within the previous 24 months that cease to be available as assisted housing, subject only to the availability of funds: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this paragraph, $5,000,000 may be available to provide tenant protection assistance, not otherwise provided under this paragraph, to residents residing in low vacancy areas and who may have to pay rents greater than 30 percent of household income, as the result of: (A) the maturity of a HUD-insured, HUD- held or section 202 loan that requires the per-mission of the Secretary prior to loan pre-payment; (B) the expiration of a rental as-sistance contract for which the tenants are not eligible for enhanced voucher or tenant protection assistance under existing law; or (C) the expiration of affordability restric-tions accompanying a mortgage or preserva-tion program administered by the Secretary: Provided further, That such tenant protection assistance made available under the previous proviso may be provided under the authority of section 8(t) or section 8(o)(13) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(t)): Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue guidance to implement the pre-vious provisos, including, but not limited to, requirements for defining eligible at-risk households within 60 days of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That any tenant protection voucher made available from amounts under this paragraph shall not be reissued by any public housing agency, ex-cept the replacement vouchers as defined by the Secretary by notice, when the initial family that received any such voucher no longer receives such voucher, and the au-thority for any public housing agency to issue any such voucher shall cease to exist: Provided further, That the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance from amounts made available under this para-graph for units assisted under a project- based subsidy contract funded under the ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’ heading under this title where the owner has received a Notice of Default and the units pose an im-minent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That to the extent that the Secretary determines that such units are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1958 March 22, 2018 
feasible for continued rental assistance pay-ments or transfer of the subsidy contract as-sociated with such units to another project or projects and owner or owners, any remain-ing amounts associated with such units under such contract shall be recaptured and used to reimburse amounts used under this paragraph for rental assistance under the preceding proviso; (3) $1,760,000,000 shall be for administrative and other expenses of public housing agen-cies in administering the section 8 tenant- based rental assistance program, of which up to $30,000,000 shall be available to the Sec-retary to allocate to public housing agencies that need additional funds to administer their section 8 programs, including fees asso-ciated with section 8 tenant protection rent-al assistance, the administration of disaster related vouchers, Veterans Affairs Sup-portive Housing vouchers, and other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That no less than $1,730,000,000 of the amount provided in this paragraph shall be allocated to public housing agencies for the calendar year 2018 funding cycle based on section 8(q) of the Act (and related Appropriation Act provisions) as in effect immediately before the enactment of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–276): Provided further, That if the amounts made available under this para-graph are insufficient to pay the amounts de-termined under the previous proviso, the Secretary may decrease the amounts allo-cated to agencies by a uniform percentage applicable to all agencies receiving funding under this paragraph or may, to the extent necessary to provide full payment of amounts determined under the previous pro-viso, utilize unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryovers, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading from prior fiscal years, excluding special purpose vouchers, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That all pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursu-ant to their MTW agreements, and shall be subject to the same uniform percentage de-crease as under the previous proviso: Pro- vided further, That amounts provided under this paragraph shall be only for activities re-lated to the provision of tenant-based rental assistance authorized under section 8, in-cluding related development activities; (4) $505,000,000 for the renewal of tenant- based assistance contracts under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), including necessary administrative expenses: Provided, That administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the special purpose vouchers in this paragraph shall be funded under the same terms and be subject to the same pro rata reduction as the percent decrease for administrative and other expenses to public housing agencies under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That any amounts provided under this paragraph in this Act or prior Acts, re-maining available after funding renewals and administrative expenses under this para-graph, shall be available for incremental ten-ant-based assistance contracts under such section 811, including necessary administra-tive expenses; (5) $5,000,000 shall be for rental assistance and associated administrative fees for Tribal HUD–VA Supportive Housing to serve Native American veterans that are homeless or at- risk of homelessness living on or near a res-ervation or other Indian areas: Provided, That such amount shall be made available for renewal grants to recipients that re-ceived assistance under prior Acts under the Tribal HUD–VA Supportive Housing pro-gram: Provided further, That the Secretary shall be authorized to specify criteria for re-newal grants, including data on the utiliza-tion of assistance reported by grant recipi-ents: Provided further, That such assistance shall be administered in accordance with program requirements under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996 and modeled after the HUD–VASH program: Provided further, That the Secretary shall be authorized to waive, or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regula-tion that the Secretary administers in con-nection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for require-ments related to fair housing, non-discrimination, labor standards, and the en-vironment), upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alternative require-ments are necessary for the effective deliv-ery and administration of such assistance: Provided further, That grant recipients shall report to the Secretary on utilization of such rental assistance and other program data, as prescribed by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary may reallocate, as deter-mined by the Secretary, amounts returned or recaptured from awards under prior acts; (6) $40,000,000 for incremental rental vouch-er assistance for use through a supported housing program administered in conjunc-tion with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as authorized under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall make such funding available, notwithstanding section 203 (com-petition provision) of this title, to public housing agencies that partner with eligible VA Medical Centers or other entities as des-ignated by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, based on geographical need for such assistance as identified by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, public housing agency administrative performance, and other factors as specified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for (in consultation with the Secretary of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs), any provision of any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development administers in connection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for requirements related to fair hous-ing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), upon a finding by the Sec-retary that any such waivers or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective delivery and administration of such voucher assistance: Provided further, That assistance made available under this paragraph shall continue to remain available for homeless veterans upon turn-over; (7) $20,000,000 shall be made available for new incremental voucher assistance through the family unification program as authorized by section 8(x) of the Act: Provided, That the assistance made available under this para-graph shall continue to remain available for family unification upon turnover: Provided further, That for any public housing agency administering voucher assistance appro-priated in a prior Act under the family unifi-cation program that determines that it no longer has an identified need for such assist-ance upon turnover, such agency shall notify the Secretary, and the Secretary shall recap-ture such assistance from the agency and re-allocate it to any other public housing agen-cy or agencies based on need for voucher as-sistance in connection with such program; and (8) the Secretary shall separately track all special purpose vouchers funded under this heading. 
HOUSING CERTIFICATE FUND  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  Unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appro-priated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’ and the heading ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’, for fiscal year 2018 and prior years may be used for renewal of or amendments to section 8 project-based con-tracts and for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such funds were appro-priated: Provided, That any obligated bal-ances of contract authority from fiscal year 1974 and prior that have been terminated shall be rescinded: Provided further, That amounts heretofore recaptured, or recap-tured during the current fiscal year, from section 8 project-based contracts from source years fiscal year 1975 through fiscal year 1987 are hereby rescinded, and an amount of addi-tional new budget authority, equivalent to the amount rescinded is hereby appropriated, to remain available until expended, for the purposes set forth under this heading, in ad-dition to amounts otherwise available. 
PUBLIC HOUSING CAPITAL FUND  For the Public Housing Capital Fund Pro-gram to carry out capital and management activities for public housing agencies, as au-thorized under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) (the ‘‘Act’’) $2,750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, during fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may not delegate to any Department official other than the Deputy Secretary and the As-sistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing any authority under paragraph (2) of section 9(j) regarding the extension of the time periods under such section: Provided further, That for purposes of such section 9(j), the term ‘‘obligate’’ means, with respect to amounts, that the amounts are subject to a binding agreement that will result in out-lays, immediately or in the future: Provided further, That up to $8,300,000 shall be to sup-port ongoing public housing financial and physical assessment activities: Provided fur-ther, That up to $1,000,000 shall be to support the costs of administrative and judicial re-ceiverships: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, not to exceed $21,500,000 shall be available for the Secretary to make grants, notwith-standing section 203 of this Act, to public housing agencies for emergency capital needs including safety and security measures necessary to address crime and drug-related activity as well as needs resulting from un-foreseen or unpreventable emergencies and natural disasters excluding Presidentially declared emergencies and natural disasters under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) occurring in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That of the amount made available under the previous proviso, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for safety and security measures: Provided further, That in addition to the amount in the previous proviso for such safe-ty and security measures, any amounts that remain available, after all applications re-ceived on or before September 30, 2019, for emergency capital needs have been proc-essed, shall be allocated to public housing agencies for such safety and security meas-ures: Provided further, That of the total 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1959 March 22, 2018 
amount provided under this heading, up to $35,000,000 shall be for supportive services, service coordinators and congregate services as authorized by section 34 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437z–6) and the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount made avail-able under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for a Jobs-Plus initiative modeled after the Jobs-Plus demonstration: Provided further, That funding provided under the previous proviso shall be available for competitive grants to partnerships between public hous-ing authorities, local workforce investment boards established under section 117 of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998, and other agencies and organizations that provide sup-port to help public housing residents obtain employment and increase earnings: Provided further, That applicants must demonstrate the ability to provide services to residents, partner with workforce investment boards, and leverage service dollars: Provided further, That the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to request exemptions from rent and income limitation requirements under sections 3 and 6 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 as necessary to implement the Jobs-Plus program, on such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary may approve upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waiv-ers or alternative requirements are nec-essary for the effective implementation of the Jobs-Plus initiative as a voluntary pro-gram for residents: Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish by notice in the Fed-eral Register any waivers or alternative re-quirements pursuant to the preceding pro-viso no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice: Provided further, That for funds provided under this heading, the limi-tation in section 9(g)(1) of the Act shall be 25 percent: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the limitation in the previous proviso to allow public housing agencies to fund activities authorized under section 9(e)(1)(C) of the Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies requesting waivers under the pre-vious proviso if the request is approved or denied within 14 days of submitting the re-quest: Provided further, That from the funds made available under this heading, the Sec-retary shall provide bonus awards in fiscal year 2018 to public housing agencies that are designated high performers: Provided further, That the Department shall notify public housing agencies of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
PUBLIC HOUSING OPERATING FUND  For 2018 payments to public housing agen-cies for the operation and management of public housing, as authorized by section 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(e)), $4,550,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CHOICE NEIGHBORHOODS INITIATIVE  For competitive grants under the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative (subject to section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v), unless otherwise specified under this heading), for transformation, re-habilitation, and replacement housing needs of both public and HUD-assisted housing and to transform neighborhoods of poverty into functioning, sustainable mixed income neighborhoods with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and ac-cess to jobs, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That grant funds may be used for resident and community services, community develop-ment, and affordable housing needs in the community, and for conversion of vacant or foreclosed properties to affordable housing: Provided further, That the use of funds made available under this heading shall not be deemed to be public housing notwithstanding section 3(b)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That grantees shall commit to an additional period of affordability determined by the Secretary of not fewer than 20 years: Pro- vided further, That grantees shall provide a match in State, local, other Federal or pri-vate funds: Provided further, That grantees may include local governments, tribal enti-ties, public housing authorities, and non-profits: Provided further, That for-profit de-velopers may apply jointly with a public en-tity: Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, a grantee shall be treated as a public housing agency under sec-tion 26 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437x), and grants under this heading shall be subject to the regulations issued by the Secretary to implement such section: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $75,000,000 shall be awarded to public housing agencies: Provided further, That such grantees shall create part-nerships with other local organizations in-cluding assisted housing owners, service agencies, and resident organizations: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretaries of Education, Labor, Transportation, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, and Commerce, the Attorney General, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to co-ordinate and leverage other appropriate Fed-eral resources: Provided further, That no more than $5,000,000 of funds made available under this heading may be provided as grants to undertake comprehensive local planning with input from residents and the community: Provided further, That unobli-gated balances, including recaptures, re-maining from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Revitalization of Severely Dis-tressed Public Housing (HOPE VI)’’ in fiscal year 2011 and prior fiscal years may be used for purposes under this heading, notwith-standing the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Availability for funds made avail-able under this heading no later than 60 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall make grant awards no later than 270 days after enactment of this Act in such amounts that the Secretary determines. FAMILY SELF -SUFFICIENCY  For the Family Self-Sufficiency program to support family self-sufficiency coordina-tors under section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, to promote the develop-ment of local strategies to coordinate the use of assistance under sections 8(o) and 9 of such Act with public and private resources, and enable eligible families to achieve eco-nomic independence and self-sufficiency, $75,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary may, by Federal Register notice, waive or specify alternative requirements under sub-sections b(3), b(4), b(5), or c(1) of section 23 of such Act in order to facilitate the operation of a unified self-sufficiency program for indi-viduals receiving assistance under different provisions of the Act, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That owners of a privately owned multifamily property with a section 8 contract may voluntarily make a Family Self-Sufficiency program available to the assisted tenants of such property in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary: Provided further, That such procedures established pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall permit participating ten-ants to accrue escrow funds in accordance with section 23(d)(2) and shall allow owners to use funding from residual receipt accounts to hire coordinators for their own Family Self-Sufficiency program. NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Native American Housing Block Grants program, as authorized under title I of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $655,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, notwith-standing NAHASDA, to determine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under section 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race census data, and the amount of the allocation for each In-dian tribe shall be the greater of the two re-sulting allocation amounts: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be for providing training and technical assistance to Indian housing authorities and tribally designated housing entities, to support the inspection of Indian housing units, contract expertise, and for training and technical assistance related to funding provided under this heading and other headings under this Act for the needs of Native American families and Indian country: Provided further, That of the funds made available under the previous provisos, not less than $2,000,000 shall be made avail-able for a national organization as author-ized under section 703 of NAHASDA (25 U.S.C. 4212): Provided further, That amounts made available under the previous two pro-visos may be used, contracted, or competed as determined by the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That of the amount provided under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be made available for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obli-gations, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided further, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $17,391,304: Pro- vided further, That the Department will no-tify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That for an addi-tional amount for the Native American Housing Block Grants program, as author-ized under title I of NAHASDA, $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided further, That the Secretary shall ob-ligate this additional amount for competi-tive grants to eligible recipients authorized under NAHASDA that apply for funds: Pro- vided further, That in awarding this addi-tional amount, the Secretary shall consider need and administrative capacity, and shall give priority to projects that will spur con-struction and rehabilitation: Provided fur-ther, That up to 1 percent of this additional amount may be transferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses— Public and Indian Housing’’ for necessary costs of administering and overseeing the ob-ligation and expenditure of this additional amount: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso shall remain available until September 30, 2023. 
INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-thorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a), $1,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1960 March 22, 2018 
costs, including the costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, up to $270,270,270, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That up to $750,000 of this amount may be for administrative contract expenses including management processes and sys-tems to carry out the loan guarantee pro-gram. 
NATIVE HAWAIIAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANT  For the Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant program, as authorized under title VIII of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $2,000,000 to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That notwithstanding section 812(b) of such Act, the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands may not invest grant amounts provided under this heading in investment securities and other obligations: Provided further, That the language under the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant’’ in the Department of Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking ‘‘Hawaii-based’’: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading in this and prior fiscal years may be used to provide rental assistance to eligible Native Hawaiian families both on and off the Hawaiian Home Lands, notwithstanding any other provision of law. C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH  
AIDS For carrying out the Housing Opportuni-ties for Persons with AIDS program, as au-thorized by the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12901 et seq.), $375,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except that amounts allocated pursuant to section 854(c)(5) of such Act shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary shall renew all expiring contracts for permanent supportive housing that initially were funded under section 854(c)(5) of such Act from funds made avail-able under this heading in fiscal year 2010 and prior fiscal years that meet all program requirements before awarding funds for new contracts under such section: Provided fur-ther, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  For assistance to units of State and local government, and to other entities, for eco-nomic and community development activi-ties, and for other purposes, $3,365,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, unless otherwise specified: Provided, That of the total amount provided, $3,300,000,000 is for carrying out the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended (‘‘the Act’’ herein) (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): Provided further, That un- less explicitly provided for under this head-ing, not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended for planning and management development and administra-tion: Provided further, That a metropolitan city, urban county, unit of general local gov-ernment, Indian tribe, or insular area that directly or indirectly receives funds under this heading may not sell, trade, or other-wise transfer all or any portion of such funds to another such entity in exchange for any other funds, credits or non-Federal consider-ations, but must use such funds for activities eligible under title I of the Act: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 105(e)(1) of the Act, no funds provided under this heading may be provided to a for-profit enti-ty for an economic development project under section 105(a)(17) unless such project has been evaluated and selected in accord-ance with guidelines required under sub-section (e)(2): Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $65,000,000 shall be for grants to Indian tribes notwithstanding section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 203 of this Act), up to $4,000,000 may be used for emer-gencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LOAN GUARANTEES  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018, commitments to guarantee loans under sec-tion 108 of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5308), any part of which is guaranteed, shall not exceed a total principal amount of $300,000,000, not-withstanding any aggregate limitation on outstanding obligations guaranteed in sub-section (k) of such section 108: Provided, That the Secretary shall collect fees from bor-rowers, notwithstanding subsection (m) of such section 108, to result in a credit subsidy cost of zero for guaranteeing such loans, and any such fees shall be collected in accord-ance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
HOME INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM  For the HOME Investment Partnerships program, as authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, $1,362,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding the amount made available under this heading, the threshold reduction requirements in sections 216(10) and 217(b)(4) of such Act shall not apply to allocations of such amount: Pro- vided further, That the Department shall no-tify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
SELF-HELP AND ASSISTED HOMEOWNERSHIP  
OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM  For the Self-Help and Assisted Homeown-ership Opportunity Program, as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended, $50,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Pro-gram as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this head-ing, $35,000,000 shall be made available for the second, third, and fourth capacity build-ing activities authorized under section 4(a) of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 9816 note), of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for rural capacity building activities: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building by national rural housing organizations with experience assessing na-tional rural conditions and providing financ-ing, training, technical assistance, informa-tion, and research to local nonprofits, local governments, and Indian Tribes serving high need rural communities: Provided further, That an additional $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for a pro-gram to rehabilitate and modify homes of disabled or low-income veterans, as author-ized under section 1079 of Public Law 113–291. HOMELESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For the Emergency Solutions Grants pro-gram as authorized under subtitle B of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, as amended; the Continuum of Care program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of such Act; and the Rural Hous-ing Stability Assistance program as author-ized under subtitle D of title IV of such Act, $2,513,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That any rental as-sistance amounts that are recaptured under such Continuum of Care program shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That not less than $270,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for such Emergency Solutions Grants program: Provided further, That not less than $2,106,000,000 of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for such Continuum of Care and Rural Hous-ing Stability Assistance programs: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $50,000,000 shall be made available for grants for rapid re-hous-ing projects and supportive service projects providing coordinated entry, and for eligible activities the Secretary determines to be critical in order to assist survivors of domes-tic violence, dating violence, and stalking: Provided further, That such projects shall be eligible for renewal under the continuum of care program subject to the same terms and conditions as other renewal applicants: Pro- vided further, That up to $7,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for the national homeless data analysis project: Provided further, That all funds awarded for supportive services under the Continuum of Care program and the Rural Housing Stability Assistance program shall be matched by not less than 25 percent in cash or in kind by each grantee: Provided further, That for all match requirements ap-plicable to funds made available under this heading for this fiscal year and prior years, a grantee may use (or could have used) as a source of match funds other funds adminis-tered by the Secretary and other Federal agencies unless there is (or was) a specific statutory prohibition on any such use of any such funds: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall collect system performance measures for each continuum of care, and that relative to fiscal year 2015, under the Continuum of Care competition with respect to funds made available under this heading, the Secretary shall base an increasing share of the score on performance criteria: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be available to pro-vide funding for new projects, except for projects created through reallocation, unless the Secretary determines that the con-tinuum of care has demonstrated that projects are evaluated and ranked based on the degree to which they improve the con-tinuum of care’s system performance: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall prioritize funding under the Continuum of Care program to continuums of care that have demonstrated a capacity to reallocate funding from lower performing projects to higher performing projects: Provided further, That all awards of assistance under this heading shall be required to coordinate and integrate homeless programs with other mainstream health, social services, and em-ployment programs for which homeless popu-lations may be eligible: Provided further, That any unobligated amounts remaining from funds appropriated under this heading in fiscal year 2012 and prior years for project- based rental assistance for rehabilitation projects with 10-year grant terms may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1961 March 22, 2018 
used for purposes under this heading, not-withstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided further, That all balances for Shelter Plus Care re-newals previously funded from the Shelter Plus Care Renewal account and transferred to this account shall be available, if recap-tured, for Continuum of Care renewals in fis-cal year 2018: Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation from amounts allocated (which may represent initial or final amounts allocated) for the Emergency Solu-tions Grant program within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act: Provided further, That up to $80,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be to implement projects to demonstrate how a comprehensive ap-proach to serving homeless youth, age 24 and under, in up to 25 communities, including at least eight communities with substantial rural populations, can dramatically reduce youth homelessness: Provided further, That of the amount made available under the pre-vious proviso, up to $5,000,000 shall be avail-able to provide technical assistance on youth homelessness, and collection, analysis, and reporting of data and performance measures under the comprehensive approaches to serve homeless youth, in addition to and in coordi-nation with other technical assistance funds provided under this title: Provided further, That such projects shall be eligible for re-newal under the continuum of care program subject to the same terms and conditions as other renewal applicants: Provided further, That youth aged 24 and under seeking assist-ance under this heading shall not be required to provide third party documentation to es-tablish their eligibility under 42 U.S.C. 11302(a) or (b) to receive services: Provided further, That unaccompanied youth aged 24 and under or families headed by youth aged 24 and under who are living in unsafe situa-tions may be served by youth-serving pro-viders funded under this heading. H
OUSING PROGRAMS  
PROJECT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of project-based subsidy contracts under the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’), not other-wise provided for, $11,115,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2017 (in addition to the $400,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that became available October 1, 2017), and $400,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be avail-able for expiring or terminating section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for amendments to section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 mod-erate rehabilitation contracts), for contracts entered into pursuant to section 441 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11401), for renewal of section 8 con-tracts for units in projects that are subject to approved plans of action under the Emer-gency Low Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Housing Preserva-tion and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, and for administrative and other ex-penses associated with project-based activi-ties and assistance funded under this para-graph: Provided further, That of the total amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $285,000,000 shall be available for per-formance-based contract administrators for section 8 project-based assistance, for car-rying out 42 U.S.C. 1437(f): Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may also use such amounts in the previous proviso for performance-based contract administrators for the administra-tion of: interest reduction payments pursu-ant to section 236(a) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(a)); rent supplement payments pursuant to section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s); section 236(f)(2) rental as-sistance payments (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(f)(2)); project rental assistance contracts for the el-derly under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); project rental assistance contracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)); project assistance contracts pursuant to sec-tion 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667); and loans under sec-tion 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667): Provided further, That amounts recaptured under this head-ing, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’, or the heading ‘‘Housing Certificate Fund’’, may be used for renewals of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts or for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such amounts were appro-priated: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, upon the request of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 8 project-based Housing Assistance Payments contract that authorizes HUD or a Housing Finance Agen-cy to require that surplus project funds be deposited in an interest-bearing residual re-ceipts account and that are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and de-posited in this account, to be available until expended: Provided further, That amounts de-posited pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amount otherwise provided by this heading for uses authorized under this heading. HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY  For capital advances, including amend-ments to capital advance contracts, for hous-ing for the elderly, as authorized by section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended, and for project rental assistance for the el-derly under section 202(c)(2) of such Act, in-cluding amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring contracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year term, and for senior preservation rental assistance contracts, including renewals, as authorized by section 811(e) of the American Housing and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000, as amended, and for supportive services associ-ated with the housing, $678,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2021, of which $105,000,000 shall be for capital advance and project-based rental assistance awards: Pro- vided, That of the amount provided under this heading, up to $90,000,000 shall be for service coordinators and the continuation of existing congregate service grants for resi-dents of assisted housing projects: Provided further, That amounts under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assess-ment Center inspections and inspection-re-lated activities associated with section 202 projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the provisions of section 202 gov-erning the terms and conditions of project rental assistance, except that the initial con-tract term for such assistance shall not ex-ceed 5 years in duration: Provided further, That upon request of the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 202 project rental assistance contract, and that upon termination of such contract are in ex-cess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Depart-ment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2021: Provided further, That amounts deposited in this ac-count pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available, in addition to the amounts oth-erwise provided by this heading, for amend-ments and renewals: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds trans-ferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be available for amendments and re-newals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appro-priated. HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  For capital advances, including amend-ments to capital advance contracts, for sup-portive housing for persons with disabilities, as authorized by section 811 of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), as amended, and for project rental assistance for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of such Act and for project assist-ance contracts pursuant to section 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667), including amendments to con-tracts for such assistance and renewal of ex-piring contracts for such assistance for up to a 1–year term, for project rental assistance to State housing finance agencies and other appropriate entities as authorized under sec-tion 811(b)(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Housing Act, and for supportive serv-ices associated with the housing for persons with disabilities as authorized by section 811(b)(1) of such Act, $229,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, of which $82,600,000 shall be for capital advance and project rental assistance awards: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections and inspec-tion-related activities associated with sec-tion 811 projects: Provided further, That, in this fiscal year, upon the request of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual re-ceipts accounts for any project subject to a section 811 project rental assistance contract and that upon termination of such contract are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary shall be remitted to the De-partment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided further, That amounts deposited in this account pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading for amendments and renewals: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recap-tures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be used for amendments and renewals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appro-priated. 
HOUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE  For contracts, grants, and other assistance excluding loans, as authorized under section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as amended, $55,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including up to $4,500,000 for administrative contract services: Provided, That grants made avail-able from amounts provided under this head-ing shall be awarded within 180 days of en-actment of this Act: Provided further, That funds shall be used for providing counseling and advice to tenants and homeowners, both current and prospective, with respect to property maintenance, financial manage-ment or literacy, and such other matters as may be appropriate to assist them in improv-ing their housing conditions, meeting their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1962 March 22, 2018 
financial needs, and fulfilling the respon-sibilities of tenancy or homeownership; for program administration; and for housing counselor training: Provided further, That for purposes of providing such grants from amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agree-ments, as appropriate, subject to the avail-ability of annual appropriations. 
RENTAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE  For amendments to contracts under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s) and section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1) in State-aided, noninsured rental housing projects, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount, together with unobligated balances from recaptured amounts appropriated prior to fiscal year 2006 from terminated contracts under such sections of law, and any unobli-gated balances, including recaptures and car-ryover, remaining from funds appropriated under this heading after fiscal year 2005, shall also be available for extensions of up to one year for expiring contracts under such sections of law. 
PAYMENT TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING FEES  
TRUST FUND  For necessary expenses as authorized by the National Manufactured Housing Con-struction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.), up to $11,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $11,000,000 is to be derived from the Manufac-tured Housing Fees Trust Fund: Provided, That not to exceed the total amount appro-priated under this heading shall be available from the general fund of the Treasury to the extent necessary to incur obligations and make expenditures pending the receipt of collections to the Fund pursuant to section 620 of such Act: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced as such collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund es-timated at zero, and fees pursuant to such section 620 shall be modified as necessary to ensure such a final fiscal year 2018 appropria-tion: Provided further, That for the dispute resolution and installation programs, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may assess and collect fees from any program participant: Provided further, That such collections shall be deposited into the Fund, and the Secretary, as provided herein, may use such collections, as well as fees col-lected under section 620, for necessary ex-penses of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 620 of such Act, the Secretary may carry out responsibilities of the Secretary under such Act through the use of approved service pro-viders that are paid directly by the recipi-ents of their services. F
EDERAL HOUSING ADMINISTRATION  
MUTUAL MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee single family loans insured under the Mutual Mort-gage Insurance Fund shall not exceed $400,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2018, obligations to make direct loans to carry out the purposes of section 204(g) of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall not exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That the foregoing amount in the previous proviso shall be for loans to non-profit and governmental entities in connec-tion with sales of single family real prop-erties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insur-ance Fund: Provided further, That for admin-istrative contract expenses of the Federal Housing Administration, $130,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That to the extent guaranteed loan commitments exceed $200,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2018, an additional $1,400 for administrative contract expenses shall be available for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this proviso exceed $30,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 the Secretary may insure and enter into new commitments to insure mortgages under sec-tion 255 of the National Housing Act only to the extent that the net credit subsidy cost for such insurance does not exceed zero: Pro- vided further, That for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Secretary shall not take any action against a lender solely on the basis of com-pare ratios that have been adversely affected by defaults on mortgages secured by prop-erties in areas where a major disaster was declared in 2017 or 2018 pursuant to the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). GENERAL AND SPECIAL RISK PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee loans in-sured under the General and Special Risk In-surance Funds, as authorized by sections 238 and 519 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–3 and 1735c), shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 in total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That during fiscal year 2018, gross obliga-tions for the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by sections 204(g), 207(l), 238, and 519(a) of the National Housing Act, shall not exceed $5,000,000, which shall be for loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with the sale of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under such Act. G
OVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE  A
SSOCIATION  
GUARANTEES OF MORTGAGE -BACKED SECURITIES  
LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to issue guarantees to carry out the purposes of section 306 of the National Housing Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1721(g)), shall not exceed $500,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That $27,000,000 shall be available for necessary salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation: Provided further, That to the extent that guaranteed loan commitments exceed $155,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2018, an additional $100 for necessary salaries and ex-penses shall be available until expended for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this pro-viso exceed $3,000,000: Provided further, That receipts from Commitment and Multiclass fees collected pursuant to title III of the Na-tional Housing Act, as amended, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count. P
OLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For contracts, grants, and necessary ex-penses of programs of research and studies relating to housing and urban problems, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title V of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z–1 et seq.), includ-ing carrying out the functions of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under section 1(a)(1)(i) of Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1968, and for technical assist-ance, $89,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That with re-spect to amounts made available under this heading, notwithstanding section 203 of this title, the Secretary may enter into coopera-tive agreements funded with philanthropic entities, other Federal agencies, State or local governments and their agencies, or col-leges or universities for research projects: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, such partners to the coop-erative agreements must contribute at least a 50 percent match toward the cost of the project: Provided further, That for non-com-petitive agreements entered into in accord-ance with the previous two provisos, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall comply with section 2(b) of the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282, 31 U.S.C. note) in lieu of compliance with section 102(a)(4)(C) with respect to documentation of award decisions: Provided further, That prior to obligation of technical assistance funding, the Secretary shall submit a plan, for ap-proval, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on how it will allocate funding for this activity: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be available for the doctoral dissertation research grant program. FAIRHOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  
FAIR HOUSING ACTIVITIES  For contracts, grants, and other assist-ance, not otherwise provided for, as author-ized by title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, as amended by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, and section 561 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, as amended, $65,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Sec-retary may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the Fair Housing Training Acad-emy, and may use such funds to provide such training: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading shall be used to lobby the executive or legislative branches of the Federal Government in con-nection with a specific contract, grant, or loan: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $300,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development for the creation and promotion of translated materials and other programs that support the assistance of persons with limited English proficiency in utilizing the services provided by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. O
FFICE OF LEADHAZARD CONTROL AND  H
EALTHY HOMES  
LEAD HAZARD REDUCTION  For the Lead Hazard Reduction Program, as authorized by section 1011 of the Residen-tial Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992, $230,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $45,000,000 shall be for the Healthy Homes Initiative, pursu-ant to sections 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, that shall include research, studies, testing, and dem-onstration efforts, including education and outreach concerning lead-based paint poi-soning and other housing-related diseases and hazards: Provided, That for purposes of environmental review, pursuant to the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other provisions of the law that further the purposes of such Act, a grant under the Healthy Homes Initia-tive, or the Lead Technical Studies program under this heading or under prior appropria-tions Acts for such purposes under this head-ing, shall be considered to be funds for a spe-cial project for purposes of section 305(c) of the Multifamily Housing Property Disposi-tion Reform Act of 1994: Provided further, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1963 March 22, 2018 
That not less than $95,000,000 of the amounts made available under this heading for the award of grants pursuant to section 1011 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Re-duction Act of 1992 shall be provided to areas with the highest lead-based paint abatement needs: Provided further, That each applicant shall certify adequate capacity that is ac-ceptable to the Secretary to carry out the proposed use of funds pursuant to a notice of funding availability: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading in this or prior appropriations Acts, and that still remain available, may be used for any purpose under this heading notwithstanding the purpose for which such amounts were ap-propriated if a program competition is undersubscribed and there are other program competitions under this heading that are oversubscribed. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FUND For the development of, modifications to, and infrastructure for Department-wide and program-specific information technology systems, for the continuing operation and maintenance of both Department-wide and program-specific information systems, and for program-related maintenance activities, $267,000,000, of which $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which $17,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That any amounts transferred to this Fund under this Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any amounts trans-ferred to this Fund from amounts appro-priated by previously enacted appropriations Acts may be used for the purposes specified under this Fund, in addition to any other in-formation technology purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading for development, modernization and enhance-ment may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations, for approval, a plan for expenditure that—(A) identifies for each modernization project: (i) the functional and performance capabilities to be delivered and the mission benefits to be realized, (ii) the estimated life-cycle cost, and (iii) key mile-stones to be met; and (B) demonstrates that each modernization project is: (i) compliant with the Department’s enterprise architec-ture, (ii) being managed in accordance with applicable life-cycle management policies and guidance, (iii) subject to the Depart-ment’s capital planning and investment con-trol requirements, and (iv) supported by an adequately staffed project office. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed, $128,082,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have independent authority over all personnel issues within this office. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  H
OUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 201. Fifty percent of the amounts of budget authority, or in lieu thereof 50 per-cent of the cash amounts associated with such budget authority, that are recaptured from projects described in section 1012(a) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assist-ance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treasury, and such amounts of budget authority or cash re-captured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury shall be used by State housing finance agencies or local governments or local housing agencies with projects ap-proved by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for which settlement oc-curred after January 1, 1992, in accordance with such section. Notwithstanding the pre-vious sentence, the Secretary may award up to 15 percent of the budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury to provide project owners with incentives to refinance their project at a lower interest rate. SEC. 202. None of the amounts made avail-able under this Act may be used during fiscal year 2018 to investigate or prosecute under the Fair Housing Act any otherwise lawful activity engaged in by one or more persons, including the filing or maintaining of a non-frivolous legal action, that is engaged in solely for the purpose of achieving or pre-venting action by a Government official or entity, or a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 203. Except as explicitly provided in law, any grant, cooperative agreement or other assistance made pursuant to title II of this Act shall be made on a competitive basis and in accordance with section 102 of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 (42 U.S.C. 3545). S
EC. 204. Funds of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development subject to the Government Corporation Control Act or sec-tion 402 of the Housing Act of 1950 shall be available, without regard to the limitations on administrative expenses, for legal serv-ices on a contract or fee basis, and for uti-lizing and making payment for services and facilities of the Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Financing Bank, Fed-eral Reserve banks or any member thereof, Federal Home Loan banks, and any insured bank within the meaning of the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1811–1). S
EC. 205. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or through a reprogramming of funds, no part of any appropriation for the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall be available for any program, project or activity in excess of amounts set forth in the budget estimates submitted to Congress. S
EC. 206. Corporations and agencies of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment which are subject to the Government Corporation Control Act are hereby author-ized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without re-gard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of such Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for 2018 for such corporation or agen-cy except as hereinafter provided: Provided, That collections of these corporations and agencies may be used for new loan or mort-gage purchase commitments only to the ex-tent expressly provided for in this Act (un-less such loans are in support of other forms of assistance provided for in this or prior ap-propriations Acts), except that this proviso shall not apply to the mortgage insurance or guaranty operations of these corporations, or where loans or mortgage purchases are necessary to protect the financial interest of the United States Government. S
EC. 207. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations regarding all uncommit-ted, unobligated, recaptured and excess funds in each program and activity within the ju-risdiction of the Department and shall sub-mit additional, updated budget information to these Committees upon request. S
EC. 208. The President’s formal budget re-quest for fiscal year 2019, as well as the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment’s congressional budget justifications to be submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall use the identical ac-count and sub-account structure provided under this Act. SEC. 209. No funds provided under this title may be used for an audit of the Government National Mortgage Association that makes applicable requirements under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). S
EC. 210. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subject to the conditions listed under this section, for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may authorize the transfer of some or all project-based assistance, debt held or insured by the Secretary and statu-torily required low-income and very low-in-come use restrictions if any, associated with one or more multifamily housing project or projects to another multifamily housing project or projects. (b) P
HASED TRANSFERS .—Transfers of project-based assistance under this section may be done in phases to accommodate the financing and other requirements related to rehabilitating or constructing the project or projects to which the assistance is trans-ferred, to ensure that such project or projects meet the standards under subsection (c). (c) The transfer authorized in subsection (a) is subject to the following conditions: (1) N
UMBER AND BEDROOM SIZE OF UNITS .— (A) For occupied units in the transferring project: The number of low-income and very low-income units and the configuration (i.e., bedroom size) provided by the transferring project shall be no less than when trans-ferred to the receiving project or projects and the net dollar amount of Federal assist-ance provided to the transferring project shall remain the same in the receiving project or projects. (B) For unoccupied units in the transfer-ring project: The Secretary may authorize a reduction in the number of dwelling units in the receiving project or projects to allow for a reconfiguration of bedroom sizes to meet current market demands, as determined by the Secretary and provided there is no in-crease in the project-based assistance budget authority. (2) The transferring project shall, as deter-mined by the Secretary, be either physically obsolete or economically nonviable. (3) The receiving project or projects shall meet or exceed applicable physical standards established by the Secretary. (4) The owner or mortgagor of the transfer-ring project shall notify and consult with the tenants residing in the transferring project and provide a certification of approval by all appropriate local governmental officials. (5) The tenants of the transferring project who remain eligible for assistance to be pro-vided by the receiving project or projects shall not be required to vacate their units in the transferring project or projects until new units in the receiving project are available for occupancy. (6) The Secretary determines that this transfer is in the best interest of the tenants. (7) If either the transferring project or the receiving project or projects meets the con-dition specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), any lien on the receiving project resulting from additional financing obtained by the owner shall be subordinate to any FHA-insured mortgage lien transferred to, or placed on, such project by the Secretary, except that the Secretary may waive this requirement upon determination that such a waiver is necessary to facilitate the financing of ac-quisition, construction, and/or rehabilitation of the receiving project or projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1964 March 22, 2018 
(8) If the transferring project meets the re-quirements of subsection (d)(2), the owner or mortgagor of the receiving project or projects shall execute and record either a continuation of the existing use agreement or a new use agreement for the project where, in either case, any use restrictions in such agreement are of no lesser duration than the existing use restrictions. (9) The transfer does not increase the cost (as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended) of any FHA-insured mortgage, except to the extent that appropriations are provided in advance for the amount of any such increased cost. (d) For purposes of this section— (1) the terms ‘‘low-income’’ and ‘‘very low- income’’ shall have the meanings provided by the statute and/or regulations governing the program under which the project is in-sured or assisted; (2) the term ‘‘multifamily housing project’’ means housing that meets one of the fol-lowing conditions— (A) housing that is subject to a mortgage insured under the National Housing Act; (B) housing that has project-based assist-ance attached to the structure including projects undergoing mark to market debt re-structuring under the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Housing Act; (C) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonzales Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (D) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as such sec-tion existed before the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act; (E) housing that is assisted under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzales National Af-fordable Housing Act; or (F) housing or vacant land that is subject to a use agreement; (3) the term ‘‘project-based assistance’’ means— (A) assistance provided under section 8(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937; (B) assistance for housing constructed or substantially rehabilitated pursuant to as-sistance provided under section 8(b)(2) of such Act (as such section existed imme-diately before October 1, 1983); (C) rent supplement payments under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965; (D) interest reduction payments under sec-tion 236 and/or additional assistance pay-ments under section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act; (E) assistance payments made under sec-tion 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959; and (F) assistance payments made under sec-tion 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (4) the term ‘‘receiving project or projects’’ means the multifamily housing project or projects to which some or all of the project- based assistance, debt, and statutorily re-quired low-income and very low-income use restrictions are to be transferred; (5) the term ‘‘transferring project’’ means the multifamily housing project which is transferring some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and the statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restric-tions to the receiving project or projects; and (6) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development. (e) R
ESEARCH REPORT .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the transfer authority under this section, including the effect of such transfers on the operational ef-ficiency, contract rents, physical and finan-cial conditions, and long-term preservation of the affected properties. SEC. 211. (a) No assistance shall be provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) to any individual who— (1) is enrolled as a student at an institu-tion of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); (2) is under 24 years of age; (3) is not a veteran; (4) is unmarried; (5) does not have a dependent child; (6) is not a person with disabilities, as such term is defined in section 3(b)(3)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)(E)) and was not receiving assist-ance under such section 8 as of November 30, 2005; (7) is not a youth who left foster care at age 14 or older and is at risk of becoming homeless; and (8) is not otherwise individually eligible, or has parents who, individually or jointly, are not eligible, to receive assistance under sec-tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (b) For purposes of determining the eligi-bility of a person to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), any financial assistance (in excess of amounts received for tuition and any other required fees and charges) that an individual receives under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), from private sources, or an institution of higher education (as defined under the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), shall be considered income to that indi-vidual, except for a person over the age of 23 with dependent children. S
EC. 212. The funds made available for Na-tive Alaskans under the heading ‘‘Native American Housing Block Grants’’ in title II of this Act shall be allocated to the same Na-tive Alaskan housing block grant recipients that received funds in fiscal year 2005. S
EC. 213. Notwithstanding the limitation in the first sentence of section 255(g) of the Na-tional Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–20(g)), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may, until September 30, 2018, insure and enter into commitments to insure mort-gages under such section 255. S
EC. 214. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in fiscal year 2018, in managing and disposing of any multifamily property that is owned or has a mortgage held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and during the process of foreclosure on any property with a contract for rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 or other Federal programs, the Secretary shall main-tain any rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and other programs that are attached to any dwelling units in the property. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that such a multifamily property owned or held by the Secretary is not fea-sible for continued rental assistance pay-ments under such section 8 or other pro-grams, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local re-sources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Hous-ing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental condi-tions that cannot be remedied in a cost-ef-fective fashion, the Secretary may, in con-sultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Secretary shall also take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect prior to foreclosure, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the af-fected tenants and use of other available remedies, such as partial abatements or re-ceivership. After disposition of any multi-family property described under this section, the contract and allowable rent levels on such properties shall be subject to the re-quirements under section 524 of MAHRAA. SEC. 215. The commitment authority fund-ed by fees as provided under the heading ‘‘Community Development Loan Guarantees Program Account’’ may be used to guar-antee, or make commitments to guarantee, notes, or other obligations issued by any State on behalf of non-entitlement commu-nities in the State in accordance with the re-quirements of section 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Pro- vided, That any State receiving such a guar-antee or commitment shall distribute all funds subject to such guarantee to the units of general local government in non-entitle-ment areas that received the commitment. S
EC. 216. Public housing agencies that own and operate 400 or fewer public housing units may elect to be exempt from any asset man-agement requirement imposed by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development in connection with the operating fund rule: Pro- vided, That an agency seeking a discontinu-ance of a reduction of subsidy under the op-erating fund formula shall not be exempt from asset management requirements. S
EC. 217. With respect to the use of amounts provided in this Act and in future Acts for the operation, capital improvement and management of public housing as au-thorized by sections 9(d) and 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) and (e)), the Secretary shall not im-pose any requirement or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use of capital funds for cen-tral office costs pursuant to section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1), (2)): Provided, That a public housing agency may not use capital funds authorized under section 9(d) for ac-tivities that are eligible under section 9(e) for assistance with amounts from the oper-ating fund in excess of the amounts per-mitted under section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2). S
EC. 218. No official or employee of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development shall be designated as an allotment holder unless the Office of the Chief Financial Offi-cer has determined that such allotment hold-er has implemented an adequate system of funds control and has received training in funds control procedures and directives. The Chief Financial Officer shall ensure that there is a trained allotment holder for each HUD sub-office under the accounts ‘‘Execu-tive Offices’’ and ‘‘Administrative Support Offices,’’ as well as each account receiving appropriations for ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Government National Mort-gage Association—Guarantees of Mortgage- Backed Securities Loan Guarantee Program Account’’, and ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. S
EC. 219. The Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall, for fiscal year 2018, notify the public through the Federal Register and other means, as de-termined appropriate, of the issuance of a notice of the availability of assistance or no-tice of funding availability (NOFA) for any program or discretionary fund administered by the Secretary that is to be competitively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1965 March 22, 2018 
awarded. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for fiscal year 2018, the Secretary may make the NOFA available only on the Internet at the appropriate Government web site or through other electronic media, as de-termined by the Secretary. S
EC. 220. Payment of attorney fees in pro-gram-related litigation shall be paid from the individual program office and Office of General Counsel salaries and expenses appro-priations. The annual budget submission for the program offices and the Office of General Counsel shall include any such projected liti-gation costs for attorney fees as a separate line item request. No funds provided in this title may be used to pay any such litigation costs for attorney fees until the Department submits for review a spending plan for such costs to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 221. The Secretary is authorized to transfer up to 10 percent or $5,000,000, which-ever is less, of funds appropriated for any of-fice under the heading ‘‘Administrative Sup-port Offices’’ or for any account under the general heading ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ to any other such office or ac-count: Provided, That no appropriation for any such office or account shall be increased or decreased by more than 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less, without prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall provide notifi-cation to such Committees three business days in advance of any such transfers under this section up to 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less. S
EC. 222. (a) Any entity receiving housing assistance payments shall maintain decent, safe, and sanitary conditions, as determined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), and comply with any stand-ards under applicable State or local laws, rules, ordinances, or regulations relating to the physical condition of any property cov-ered under a housing assistance payment contract. (b) The Secretary shall take action under subsection (c) when a multifamily housing project with a section 8 contract or contract for similar project-based assistance— (1) receives a Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) score of 60 or less; or (2) fails to certify in writing to the Sec-retary within 3 days that all Exigent Health and Safety deficiencies identified by the in-spector at the project have been corrected. Such requirements shall apply to insured and noninsured projects with assistance at-tached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), but do not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) or to public housing units assisted with cap-ital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g). (c)(1) Within 15 days of the issuance of the REAC inspection, the Secretary must pro-vide the owner with a Notice of Default with a specified timetable, determined by the Sec-retary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also provide a copy of the Notice of Default to the tenants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any con-tract administrator. If the owner’s appeal re-sults in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Sec-retary may withdraw the Notice of Default. (2) At the end of the time period for cor-recting all deficiencies specified in the No-tice of Default, if the owner fails to fully cor-rect such deficiencies, the Secretary may— (A) require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Secretary; (B) impose civil money penalties, which shall be used solely for the purpose of sup-porting safe and sanitary conditions at appli-cable properties, as designated by the Sec-retary, with priority given to the tenants of the property affected by the penalty; (C) abate the section 8 contract, including partial abatement, as determined by the Sec-retary, until all deficiencies have been cor-rected; (D) pursue transfer of the project to an owner, approved by the Secretary under es-tablished procedures, which will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract as long as such renewal is offered; (E) transfer the existing section 8 contract to another project or projects and owner or owners; (F) pursue exclusionary sanctions, includ-ing suspensions or debarments from Federal programs; (G) seek judicial appointment of a receiver to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of spe-cific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies; (H) work with the owner, lender, or other related party to stabilize the property in an attempt to preserve the property through compliance, transfer of ownership, or an in-fusion of capital provided by a third-party that requires time to effectuate; or (I) take any other regulatory or contrac-tual remedies available as deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary. (d) The Secretary shall also take appro-priate steps to ensure that project-based con-tracts remain in effect, subject to the exer-cise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for major threats to health and safety after written notice to the affected tenants. To the extent the Sec-retary determines, in consultation with the tenants and the local government, that the property is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of— (1) the costs of rehabilitating and oper-ating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent ad-justments under section 524 of the Multi-family Assisted Housing Reform and Afford-ability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’); and (2) environmental conditions that cannot be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. (e) The Secretary shall report quarterly on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assess-ment Center and have UPCS physical inspec-tion scores of less than 60 or have received an unsatisfactory management and occu-pancy review within the past 36 months. The report shall include— (1) the enforcement actions being taken to address such conditions, including imposi-tion of civil money penalties and termi-nation of subsidies, and identify properties that have such conditions multiple times; (2) actions that the Department of Housing and Urban Development is taking to protect tenants of such identified properties; and (3) any administrative or legislative rec-ommendations to further improve the living conditions at properties covered under a housing assistance payment contract. This report shall be due to the Senate and House Committees on Appropriations no later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, and on the first business day of each Federal fiscal year quarter thereafter while this section remains in effect. S
EC. 223. None of the funds made available by this Act, or any other Act, for purposes authorized under section 8 (only with respect to the tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) and section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.), may be used by any public housing agency for any amount of salary, including bonuses, for the chief executive officer of which, or any other official or employee of which, that exceeds the annual rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule at any time during any public housing agency fiscal year 2018. SEC. 224. Notwithstanding section 24(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v(o)), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may, until Sep-tember 30, 2018, obligate any available unob-ligated balances made available under the heading ‘‘Choice Neighborhoods Initiative’’ in this Act or any prior Act. S
EC. 225. None of the funds in this Act pro-vided to the Department of Housing and Urban Development may be used to make a grant award unless the Secretary notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations not less than 3 full business days before any project, State, locality, housing authority, tribe, nonprofit organization, or other entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices. S
EC. 226. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require or enforce the Physical Needs Assessment (PNA). S
EC. 227. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used by the Federal Housing Administration, the Government National Mortgage Administration, or the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to insure, securitize, or establish a Federal guarantee of any mortgage or mort-gage backed security that refinances or oth-erwise replaces a mortgage that has been subject to eminent domain condemnation or seizure, by a State, municipality, or any other political subdivision of a State. S
EC. 228. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate the status of a unit of general local government as a metropolitan city (as defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302)) with respect to grants under section 106 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5306). S
EC. 229. Amounts made available under this Act which are either appropriated, allo-cated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the Office of Policy Develop-ment and Research in the Department of Housing and Urban Development and func-tions thereof, for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, and which are unex-pended at the time of completion of a con-tract, grant, or cooperative agreement, may be deobligated and shall immediately be-come available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which the amounts are made available to that Office subject to re-programming requirements in section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 230. None of the funds provided in this Act or any other act may be used for awards, including performance, special act, or spot, for any employee of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development who has been subject to administrative discipline in fiscal years 2017 or 2018, including suspension from work. S
EC. 231. Funds made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’ may be used by the Secretary to participate in Performance Partnership Pi-lots authorized under section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of divi-sion H of Public Law 114–113, and such au-thorities as are enacted for Performance Partnership Pilots in an appropriations Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1966 March 22, 2018 
for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That such par-ticipation shall be limited to no more than 10 continuums of care and housing activities to improve outcomes for disconnected youth. S
EC. 232. With respect to grant amounts awarded under the heading ‘‘Homeless As-sistance Grants’’ for fiscal years 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018 for the continuum of care (CoC) program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, costs paid by program income of grant recipients may count toward meet-ing the recipient’s matching requirements, provided the costs are eligible CoC costs that supplement the recipient’s CoC program. S
EC. 233. (a) From amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may award 1-year transition grants to recipients of funds for activities under subtitle C of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.) to transition from one Continuum of Care program component to another. (b) No more than 50 percent of each transi-tion grant may be used for costs of eligible activities of the program component origi-nally funded. (c) Transition grants made under this sec-tion are eligible for renewal in subsequent fiscal years for the eligible activities of the new program component. (d) In order to be eligible to receive a tran-sition grant, the funding recipient must have the consent of the Continuum of Care and meet standards determined by the Secretary. S
EC. 234. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to direct a grantee to undertake specific changes to existing zoning laws as part of carrying out the final rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Fur-thering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or the notice entitled ‘‘Af-firmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assess-ment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). S
EC. 235. Section 218(g) of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12748(g)) shall not apply with re-spect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that otherwise expired or would expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, or 2020 under that sec-tion. S
EC. 236. Section 579 of the Multifamily As-sisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting in lieu thereof ‘‘October 1, 2022’’. S
EC. 237. The language under the heading ‘‘Rental Assistance Demonstration’’ in the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), as amended by Public Law 113–76, Public Law 113–235, Public Law 114–113, and Public Law 115–31, is amended— (1) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’; (2) in the matter preceding the first pro-viso, by inserting the following before the colon: ‘‘(herein the ’First Component’)’’; (3) in the fourth proviso, by striking ‘‘225,000’’ and inserting ‘‘455,000’’; (4) in the fourteenth proviso, by— (A) inserting ‘‘or nonprofit’’ before ‘‘enti-ty, then a capable entity,’’; and (B) striking ‘‘preserves its interest’’ and inserting ‘‘or a nonprofit entity preserves an interest’’; (5) in the eighteenth proviso, by— (A) inserting ‘‘or with a project rental as-sistance contract under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959,’’ after ‘‘section 8(o) of the Act,’’; (B) inserting ‘‘the subordination, restruc-turing, or both, of any capital advance docu-mentation, including any note, mortgage, use agreement or other agreements, evidenc-ing or securing a capital advance previously provided by the Secretary under section 202(c)(1) of the Housing Act of 1959 as nec-essary to facilitate the conversion of assist-ance while maintaining the affordability pe-riod and the designation of the property as serving elderly persons, and,’’ following ‘‘in-cluding but not limited to’’; (C) inserting ‘‘or assistance contracts’’ after ‘‘for such vouchers’’; (D) striking ‘‘of Housing and Urban Devel-opment’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and (E) inserting the following before the colon: ‘‘(herein the ’Second Component’)’’; (6) by inserting the following provisos after the eighteenth proviso: ‘‘Provided further, That contracts provided to properties converting assistance from sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965 or section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act located in high-cost areas shall have initial rents set at com-parable market rents for the market area: Provided further, That conversions of assist-ance under the Second Component may not be the basis for re-screening or termination of assistance or eviction of any tenant fam-ily in a property participating in the dem-onstration and such a family shall not be considered a new admission for any purpose, including compliance with income tar-geting:’’; (7) in the twenty-first proviso, as reordered above, by striking ‘‘the previous proviso’’ and all that follows through the end of the proviso and inserting ‘‘the Second Compo-nent, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts, shall be available for project-based subsidy contracts entered into pursuant to the Second Compo-nent:’’; (8) in the twenty-second proviso, as reor-dered above, by striking ‘‘the previous two provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘the Second Compo-nent, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts,’’; (9) in the twenty-third proviso, as reor-dered above, by striking ‘‘the three previous provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘the Second Compo-nent, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts,’’; and (10) by inserting the following proviso be-fore the final proviso: ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer amounts made available under the heading ‘Housing for the Elderly’ to the ac-counts under the headings ‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’ or ‘Tenant-Based Rental Assistance’ to facilitate any section 202 project rental assistance contract conver-sions under the Second Component, and any increase in cost for ‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’ or ‘Tenant-Based Rental Assist-ance’ associated with such conversion shall be equal to amounts so transferred:’’. S
EC. 238. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to interfere with State and local inspections of public housing dwelling units. S
EC. 239. The Promise Zone designations and Promise Zone Designation Agreements entered into pursuant to such designations, made by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in prior fiscal years, shall re-main in effect in accordance with the terms and conditions of such agreements. S
EC. 240. Section 153 of the Continuing Ap-propriations Act, 2018 (as added by section 2001(2) of Public Law 115–120) is repealed. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES ACCESS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Access Board, as authorized by section 502 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, as amended, $8,190,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation funds received for publications and training expenses. F
EDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Mar-itime Commission as authorized by section 201(d) of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936, as amended (46 U.S.C. 307), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b); and uniforms or allowances there-fore, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, $27,490,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. N
ATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to carry out the pro-visions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $23,274,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties speci-fied in the Inspector General Act, as amend-ed (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allega-tions of fraud, including false statements to the government (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any per-son or entity that is subject to regulation by the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion: Provided further, That the Inspector General may enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, subject to the applica-ble laws and regulations that govern the ob-taining of such services within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That the Inspector General may se-lect, appoint, and employ such officers and employees as may be necessary for carrying out the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Inspector General, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern such selections, appointments, and employ-ment within the Corporation: Provided fur-ther, That concurrent with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2018, the In-spector General shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a budget request for fiscal year 2018 in similar format and substance to those submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Govern-ment. N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Transportation Safety Board, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for a GS–15; uniforms, or allowances therefor, as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902), $110,400,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be used for official reception and representation ex-penses. The amounts made available to the National Transportation Safety Board in this Act include amounts necessary to make lease payments on an obligation incurred in fiscal year 2001 for a capital lease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1967 March 22, 2018 
NEIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD  
REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  For payment to the Neighborhood Rein-vestment Corporation for use in neighbor-hood reinvestment activities, as authorized by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 8101–8107), $140,000,000, of which $5,000,000 shall be for a multi-family rental housing program. S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Surface Transportation Board, including services au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $37,100,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,250,000 from fees estab-lished by the Chairman of the Surface Trans-portation Board shall be credited to this ap-propriation as offsetting collections and used for necessary and authorized expenses under this heading: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018, to result in a final ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at no more than $35,850,000. U
NITED STATES INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON  H
OMELESSNESS  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, the rental of con-ference rooms, and the employment of ex-perts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness in carrying out the functions pursuant to title II of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, as amended, $3,600,000: Provided, That title II of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11311 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ in sec-tion 209 and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 401. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 402. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 403. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through a procurement contract pursu-ant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of pub-lic record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 404. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. SEC. 405. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Con-gress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity by either the House or Senate Committees on Appropriations for a dif-ferent purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, which-ever is less; or (7) creates, reorganizes, or restructures a branch, division, office, bureau, board, com-mission, agency, administration, or depart-ment different from the budget justifications submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions or the table accompanying the explana-tory statement accompanying this Act, whichever is more detailed, unless prior ap-proval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That the report shall include— (A) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the prior year en-acted level, the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (B) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation and its respective prior year en-acted level by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (C) an identification of items of special congressional interest. S
EC. 406. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided fur-ther, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines under section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 407. No funds in this Act may be used to support any Federal, State, or local projects that seek to use the power of emi-nent domain, unless eminent domain is em-ployed only for a public use: Provided, That for purposes of this section, public use shall not be construed to include economic devel-opment that primarily benefits private enti-ties: Provided further, That any use of funds for mass transit, railroad, airport, seaport or highway projects, as well as utility projects which benefit or serve the general public (in-cluding energy-related, communication-re-lated, water-related and wastewater-related infrastructure), other structures designated for use by the general public or which have other common-carrier or public-utility func-tions that serve the general public and are subject to regulation and oversight by the government, and projects for the removal of an immediate threat to public health and safety or brownfields as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (Public Law 107–118) shall be considered a public use for purposes of eminent domain. SEC. 408. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 409. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly held by an employee who has left to enter the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his or her pe-riod of active military or naval service, and has within 90 days after his or her release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year, made application for res-toration to his or her former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Management as still qualified to perform the duties of his or her former position and has not been restored thereto. S
EC. 410. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sec-tions 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305, popularly known as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). S
EC. 411. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305). S
EC. 412. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class airline accommodations in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 and 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 413. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve a new foreign air carrier permit under sections 41301 through 41305 of title 49, United States Code, or exemption application under section 40109 of that title of an air carrier already holding an air operators certificate issued by a country that is party to the U.S.-E.U.-Ice-land-Norway Air Transport Agreement where such approval would contravene United States law or Article 17 bis of the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict or otherwise preclude the Secretary of Transportation from granting a foreign air carrier permit or an exemption to such an air carrier where such authorization is consistent with the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Nor-way Air Transport Agreement and United States law. S
EC. 414. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1968 March 22, 2018 
pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees of a single agency or department of the United States Government, who are sta-tioned in the United States, at any single international conference unless the relevant Secretary reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attendance is im-portant to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. S
EC. 415. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Surface Transportation Board to charge or collect any filing fee for rate or practice complaints filed with the Board in an amount in excess of the amount author-ized for district court civil suit filing fees under section 1914 of title 28, United States Code. S
EC. 416. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in ac-cordance with Presidential Memorandum— Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 417. (a) All unobligated balances, in-cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated in division K of Pub-lic Law 115–31 for ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation-Office of the Secretary-Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation- Office of the Secretary-Office of Civil Rights’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation-Of-fice of the Secretary-Small and Disadvan-taged Business Utilization and Outreach’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation-Federal Transit Administration-Administrative Ex-penses’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation- Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration-Operational Expenses’’, ‘‘Ac-cess Board-Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission-Salaries and Ex-penses’’, ‘‘National Railroad Passenger Cor-poration-Office of Inspector General-Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘National Transportation Safety Board-Salaries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘United States Interagency Council on Homelessness-Operating Expenses’’ are re-scinded. (b) All unobligated balances, including re-captures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated in division K of Public Law 115–31 for accounts under the headings ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment-Management and Administration’’ and ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment-Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ are rescinded. S
EC. 418. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 419. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to deny an In-spector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to the In-spector General and expressly limits the In-spector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information pro-vided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this require-ment. SEC. 420. (a) T ERMINAL AERODROME FORE-
CAST.—The Administrator shall permit an air carrier operation under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to operate to a destination determined to be under vis-ual flight rules without a Terminal Aero-drome Forecast or Meteorological Aero-drome Report if a current Area Forecast, supplemented by other local weather obser-vations or reports, is available, and an alter-nate airport that has an available Terminal Aerodome Forecast and weather report is specified. The air carrier shall have approved procedures for dispatch and enroute weather evaluation and shall operate under instru-ment flight rules enroute to the destination. (b) L
IMITATION .—Without a written finding of necessity, based on objective and histor-ical evidence of imminent threat to safety, the Administrator shall not promulgate any operation specification, policy, or guidance document that is more restrictive than, or requires procedures that are not expressly stated in, the regulations. S
EC. 421. Section 149(m) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding ‘‘or on a State-Supported Amtrak route with a valid cost-sharing agreement under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improve-ment Act of 2008 and no current nonattain-ment areas under subsection (d),’’ after ‘‘2012,’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION M—EXTENSIONS TITLE I—AIRPORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2018’’. Subtitle A—Federal Aviation Programs 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AIRPORT IMPROVE-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 48103(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘2012 through 2018.’’. (b) P
ROJECT GRANT AUTHORITY .—Section 47104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘September 30, 2018,’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF EXPIRING AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) Section 47107(r)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘April 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. (b) Section 47115(j) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2017 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018’’. (c) Section 47124(b)(3)(E) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2018,’’ and in-serting ‘‘2012 through 2018’’. (d) Section 47141(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (e) Section 186(d) of the Vision 100–Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended by striking ‘‘2017 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and end-ing on March 31, 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (f) Section 409(d) of the Vision 100–Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (g) Section 411(h) of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (h) Section 822(k) of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47141 note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (i) Section 2306(b) of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 641) is amended by striking ‘‘April 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. SEC. 103. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 106(k) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking subpara-graph (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) $10,025,852,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘2017 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 104. SMALL COMMUNITY AIR SERVICE. 
(a) E SSENTIAL AIRSERVICE AUTHORIZA -
TION.—Section 41742(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2018,’’ and in-serting ‘‘2016 and 2017, and $150,000,000 for fis-cal year 2018’’. (b) A
IRPORTS NOTRECEIVING SUFFICIENT  S
ERVICE .—Section 41743(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘2012 through 2017 and $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 105. AIR NAVIGATION FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 48101(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (6). 
SEC. 106. RESEARCH, ENGINEERING, AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
Section 48102(a)(10) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(10) $176,500,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’. 
SEC. 107. FUNDING FOR AVIATION PROGRAMS. 
The budget authority authorized in this title, including the amendments made by this title, shall be deemed to satisfy the re-quirements of subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2) of section 48114 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 108. CONTROLLER HIRING. 
Section 44506(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B), after giving preferential con-sideration to applicants under subparagraph (A) and if, after consulting with the labor or-ganization recognized as the exclusive rep-resentative of air traffic controllers under section 7111 of title 5, the Administrator de-termines there are unique circumstances af-fecting a covered facility that warrant a va-cancy announcement with a limited area of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1969 March 22, 2018 
consideration, the Administrator may con-sider applicants for the position of air traffic controller who apply under a vacancy an-nouncement recruiting from the local com-muting area for that covered facility. ‘‘(ii) B
IOGRAPHICAL ASSESSMENTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall not use any biographical assessment with respect to an applicant under this subparagraph who would other-wise qualify as a Pool 1 applicant under sub-paragraph (B)(ii). ‘‘(iii) C
OVERED FACILITY DEFINED .—In this subparagraph the term ‘covered facility’ means a radar facility with at least 1,000,000 operations annually that is located in a met-ropolitan statistical area (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget) with a population estimate by the Bureau of the Census of more than 15,000,000 (as of July 1, 2016).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘except for individuals covered by the program described in para-graph (4),’’ after ‘‘section 3307 of title 5,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
ETIRED MILITARY CONTROLLERS .—The Administrator may establish a program to provide an original appointment to a posi-tion as an air traffic controller for individ-uals who— ‘‘(A) are on terminal leave pending retire-ment from active duty military service or have retired from active duty military serv-ice within 5 years of applying for the ap-pointment; and ‘‘(B) have held either an air traffic certifi-cation or air traffic control facility rating according to Administration standards with-in 5 years of applying for the appointment.’’. Subtitle B—Aviation Revenue Provisions 
SEC. 201. EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY FROM AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9502(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘April 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or the Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2018;’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 9502(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘April 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF TAXES FUNDING AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) F UEL TAXES .—Section 4081(d)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (b) T
ICKET TAXES .— (1) P
ERSONS .—Section 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (2) P
ROPERTY .—Section 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (c) F
RACTIONAL OWNERSHIP PROGRAMS .— (1) T
REATMENT AS NONCOMMERCIAL AVIA -
TION.—Section 4083(b) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘April 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM TICKET TAXES .—Sec- tion 4261(j) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘March 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’. TITLE II—IMMIGRATION EXTENSIONS S
EC. 201. Section 401(b) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. S
EC. 202. Subclauses 101(a)(27)(C)(ii)(II) and (III) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(C)(ii)(II) and (III)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. SEC. 203. Section 220(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Technical Corrections Act of 1994 (8 U.S.C. 1182 note) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’. S
EC. 204. Section 610(b) of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judici-ary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (8 U.S.C. 1153 note) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. S
EC. 205. Notwithstanding the numerical limitation set forth in section 214(g)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(1)(B)), the Secretary of Home-land Security, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, and upon the determina-tion that the needs of American businesses cannot be satisfied in fiscal year 2018 with United States workers who are willing, qualified, and able to perform temporary nonagricultural labor, may increase the total number of aliens who may receive a visa under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b)) in such fis-cal year above such limitation by not more than the highest number of H–2B non-immigrants who participated in the H–2B re-turning worker program in any fiscal year in which returning workers were exempt from such numerical limitation. TITLE III—NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM EXTENSION S
EC. 301. Sections 1309(a) and 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a) and 4026) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘July 31, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. TITLE IV—PESTICIDE REGISTRATION IMPROVEMENT ACT EXTENSION S
EC. 401. (a) The following sections of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act shall continue in effect through September 30, 2018— (1) subparagraphs (C) through (E) of sec-tion 4(i)(1) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(C)–(E)); (2) section 4(k)(3) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(3)); (3) section 4(k)(4) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(4)); and (4) section 33(c)(3)(B) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(c)(3)(B)). (b)(1) Section 4(i)(1)(I) of the Federal Insec-ticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(I)) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. (2) Notwithstanding section 33(m)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(m)(2)), sec-tion 33(m)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(m)(1)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (c) Section 408(m)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 346a(m)(3)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. TITLE V—GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
SEC. 501. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subparagraph (B), any entry of a covered ar-ticle to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been made on December 31, 2017, that was made— (i) after December 31, 2017, and (ii) before the effective date specified in paragraph (1), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on the effective date specified in paragraph (1). (B) REQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-tion may be made under subparagraph (A) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains sufficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— (i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be located. (C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of a covered article under subpara-graph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liq-uidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). (3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered article’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). (B) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and ‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from ware-house for consumption. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ENFORCEMENT OF  E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2020, the United States Trade Representa-tive shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on efforts to ensure that countries designated as beneficiary developing coun-tries under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) are meeting the eligi-bility criteria set forth in section 502(c) of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2462(c)). 
SEC. 502. TECHNICAL MODIFICATION TO PROCE-DURES FOR COMPETITIVE NEED LIMITATION AND WAIVERS. 
Section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in the matter following subparagraph (A)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘July 1’’ and inserting ‘‘November 1’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘on January 1, 1995’’ and inserting ‘‘in any of the preceding 3 calendar years’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘July 1’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Novem-ber 1’’. 
SEC. 503. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘February 24, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘July 21, 2027’’. TITLE VI—JUDICIAL REDACTION AUTHORITY EXTENSION 
SEC. 601. EXTENSION OF REDACTION AUTHORITY CONCERNING SENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION. 
Section 105(b)(3)(E) of the Ethics in Gov-ernment Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2017’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘2027’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1970 March 22, 2018 
TITLE VII—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 701. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this division and each succeeding division shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursu-ant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010. (b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this division and each succeeding division shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for pur-poses of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress). (c) C
LASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS .—Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budg-et Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105–217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this division and each succeeding division shall not be estimated— (1) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and (2) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of sec-tion 3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. DIVISION N—BUILD ACT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Brownfields Utilization, Investment, and Local Development Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘BUILD Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REDEVELOPMENT CERTAINTY FOR GOV-ERNMENTAL ENTITIES. 
Section 101(20)(D) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(20)) is amended by striking ‘‘ownership or control’’ and all that follows through ‘‘by virtue’’ and inserting ‘‘ownership or control through sei-zure or otherwise in connection with law en-forcement activity, or through bankruptcy, tax delinquency, abandonment, or other cir-cumstances in which the government ac-quires title by virtue’’. 
SEC. 3. ALASKA NATIVE VILLAGE AND NATIVE CORPORATION RELIEF. 
Section 101(20) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(20)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (G) as subparagraphs (F) through (H), respectively; (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ALASKA NATIVE  
VILLAGES AND NATIVE CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘owner or oper-ator’ does not include, with respect to a fa-cility conveyed to a Native village or Native Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act) under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act— ‘‘(I) the Native village or Native Corpora-tion that received the facility from the United States Government; or ‘‘(II) a successor in interest to which the facility was conveyed under section 14(c) of such Act. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—The exclusion provided under this subparagraph shall not apply to any entity described in clause (i) that causes or contributes to a release or threatened re-lease of a hazardous substance from the fa-cility conveyed as described in such clause.’’; (3) in subparagraph (G) (as so redesig-nated), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’; and (4) in clause (i)(II) of subparagraph (H) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘1813)’’ and in-serting ‘‘1813))’’. SEC. 4. PETROLEUM BROWNFIELD ENHANCE-MENT. 
Section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(39)(D)(ii)(II)) is amended by amending item (bb) to read as follows: ‘‘(bb) is a site for which there is no viable responsible party and that is determined by the Administrator or the State, as appro-priate, to be a site that will be assessed, in-vestigated, or cleaned up by a person that is not potentially liable for cleaning up the site under this Act or any other law pertaining to the cleanup of petroleum products; and’’. 
SEC. 5. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS AND LES-SEES. 
(a) B ONA FIDEPROSPECTIVE PURCHASER .— Section 101(40) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(40)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (B) in subclause (I) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subclauses (II) and (III)’’; (C) in subclause (II) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subparagraph’’ and inserting ‘‘clause’’; and (D) in subclause (III) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subparagraph’’ and inserting ‘‘clause’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; (3) in subparagraph (F), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (4) in subparagraph (H)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘, by a tenancy, by the instruments by which a leasehold interest in the facility is created,’’ after ‘‘financed’’; and (ii) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; and (B) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; (5) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (H) as clauses (ii) through (viii), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; and (6) by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘All disposal of’’ in subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(40) B
ONA FIDE PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘bona fide pro-spective purchaser’ means, with respect to a facility— ‘‘(i) a person who— ‘‘(I) acquires ownership of the facility after January 11, 2002; and ‘‘(II) establishes by a preponderance of the evidence each of the criteria described in clauses (i) through (viii) of subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) a person— ‘‘(I) who acquires a leasehold interest in the facility after January 11, 2002; ‘‘(II) who establishes by a preponderance of the evidence that the leasehold interest is not designed to avoid liability under this Act by any person; and ‘‘(III) with respect to whom any of the fol-lowing conditions apply: ‘‘(aa) The owner of the facility that is sub-ject to the leasehold interest is a person de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(bb)(AA) The owner of the facility that is subject to the leasehold interest was a per-son described in clause (i) at the time the leasehold interest was acquired, but can no longer establish by a preponderance of the evidence each of the criteria described in clauses (i) through (viii) of subparagraph (B) due to circumstances unrelated to any ac-tion of the person who holds the leasehold interest; and ‘‘(BB) the person who holds the leasehold interest establishes by a preponderance of the evidence each of the criteria described in clauses (i), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), and (viii) of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(cc) The person who holds the leasehold interest establishes by a preponderance of the evidence each of the criteria described in clauses (i) through (viii) of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) CRITERIA .—The criteria described in this subparagraph are as follows: ‘‘(i) D
ISPOSAL PRIOR TO ACQUISITION .—All disposal of’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 107(r)(1) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9607(r)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘purchaser’s’’ and inserting ‘‘bona fide prospective purchaser’’. 
SEC. 6. EXPANDED ELIGIBILITY FOR NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 104(k)(1) of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code; ‘‘(J) a limited liability corporation in which all managing members are organiza-tions described in subparagraph (I) or lim-ited liability corporations whose sole mem-bers are organizations described in subpara-graph (I); ‘‘(K) a limited partnership in which all general partners are organizations described in subparagraph (I) or limited liability cor-porations whose sole members are organiza-tions described in subparagraph (I); or ‘‘(L) a qualified community development entity (as defined in section 45D(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986).’’. 
SEC. 7. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PUBLICLY OWNED BROWNFIELD SITES. 
Section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN PUBLICLY  
OWNED BROWNFIELD SITES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (5)(B)(iii), an eligible entity de-scribed in any of subparagraphs (A) through (H) of paragraph (1) may receive a grant under this paragraph for property acquired by that eligible entity prior to January 11, 2002, even if the eligible entity does not qual-ify as a bona fide prospective purchaser, so long as the eligible entity has not caused or contributed to a release or threatened re-lease of a hazardous substance at the prop-erty.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN PUBLICLY  
OWNED BROWNFIELD SITES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (5)(B)(iii), an eligible entity de-scribed in any of subparagraphs (A) through (H) of paragraph (1) may receive a grant or loan under this paragraph for property ac-quired by that eligible entity prior to Janu-ary 11, 2002, even if the eligible entity does not qualify as a bona fide prospective pur-chaser, so long as the eligible entity has not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1971 March 22, 2018 
caused or contributed to a release or threat-ened release of a hazardous substance at the property.’’. 
SEC. 8. INCREASED FUNDING FOR REMEDIATION GRANTS. 
Section 104(k)(3)(A)(ii) of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)(3)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘$200,000 for each site to be remediated’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000 for each site to be remedi-ated, which limit may be waived by the Ad-ministrator, but not to exceed a total of $650,000 for each site, based on the antici-pated level of contamination, size, or owner-ship status of the site’’. 
SEC. 9. MULTIPURPOSE BROWNFIELDS GRANTS. 
Section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (12) as paragraphs (5) through (13), respec-tively; (2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-ject to paragraphs (5) and (6)’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) M
ULTIPURPOSE BROWNFIELDS GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (D) and paragraphs (5) and (6), the Adminis-trator shall establish a program to provide multipurpose grants to an eligible entity based on the criteria under subparagraph (C) and the considerations under paragraph (3)(C), to carry out inventory, characteriza-tion, assessment, planning, or remediation activities at 1 or more brownfield sites in an area proposed by the eligible entity. ‘‘(B) G
RANT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
NDIVIDUAL GRANT AMOUNTS .—Each grant awarded under this paragraph shall not exceed $1,000,000. ‘‘(ii) C
UMULATIVE GRANT AMOUNTS .—The total amount of grants awarded for each fis-cal year under this paragraph may not ex-ceed 15 percent of the funds made available for the fiscal year to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(C) C
RITERIA .—In awarding a grant under this paragraph, the Administrator shall con-sider the extent to which the eligible entity is able— ‘‘(i) to provide an overall plan for revital-ization of the 1 or more brownfield sites in the proposed area in which the multipurpose grant will be used; ‘‘(ii) to demonstrate a capacity to conduct the range of eligible activities that will be funded by the multipurpose grant; and ‘‘(iii) to demonstrate that a multipurpose grant will meet the needs of the 1 or more brownfield sites in the proposed area. ‘‘(D) C
ONDITION .—As a condition of receiv-ing a grant under this paragraph, each eligi-ble entity shall expend the full amount of the grant by not later than the date that is 5 years after the date on which the grant is awarded to the eligible entity, unless the Ad-ministrator provides an extension. ‘‘(E) O
WNERSHIP .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under this paragraph may not expend any of the grant funds for the re-mediation of a brownfield site unless the eli-gible entity owns the brownfield site.’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) or (3)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2), (3), or (4)’’. 
SEC. 10. ALLOWING ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS FOR GRANT RECIPIENTS. 
Paragraph (5) of section 104(k) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) (as redesignated by section 9 of this Act) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) PROHIBITION .—No part of a grant or loan under this subsection may be used for the payment of— ‘‘(i) a penalty or fine; ‘‘(ii) a Federal cost-share requirement; ‘‘(iii) a response cost at a brownfield site for which the recipient of the grant or loan is potentially liable under section 107; or ‘‘(iv) a cost of compliance with any Federal law (including a Federal law specified in sec-tion 101(39)(B)), excluding the cost of compli-ance with laws applicable to the cleanup.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may use up to 5 percent of the amounts made available under a grant or loan under this subsection for administrative costs. ‘‘(ii) R
ESTRICTION .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘administrative costs’ does not include— ‘‘(I) investigation and identification of the extent of contamination of a brownfield site; ‘‘(II) design and performance of a response action; or ‘‘(III) monitoring of a natural resource.’’. 
SEC. 11. GRANT APPLICATIONS. 
(a) W ATERFRONT BROWNFIELDS GRANTS ; C
LEAN ENERGY ON BROWNFIELD SITES.—Para- graph (6)(C) of section 104(k) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) (as redesignated by section 9 of this Act) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xi) The extent to which a grant would address a site adjacent to a body of water or a federally designated flood plain. ‘‘(xii) The extent to which a grant would facilitate— ‘‘(I) the location at a brownfield site of a facility that generates renewable electricity from wind, solar, or geothermal energy; or ‘‘(II) any energy efficiency improvement project at a brownfield site, including a project for a combined heat and power sys-tem or a district energy system.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON RANKING CRITERIA .—Para- graph (6) of section 104(k) of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) (as redesignated by section 9 of this Act) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) R
EPORT ON RANKING CRITERIA .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress a report re-garding the Administrator’s use of the rank-ing criteria described in subparagraph (C) in awarding grants under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 12. AUDITS. 
Paragraph (8) of section 104(k) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) (as redesignated by section 9 of this Act) is amended by striking ‘‘3 years after the date of the enactment of this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 13. BROWNFIELDS FUNDING. 
Paragraph (13) of section 104(k) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)) (as redesignated by section 9 of this Act) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(13) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 14. SMALL COMMUNITY TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 128(a)(1)(B) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9628(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subclause (II), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) assist small communities, Indian tribes, rural areas, or disadvantaged areas in carrying out activities described in section 104(k)(7)(A) with respect to brownfield sites.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) SMALL COMMUNITIES , INDIAN TRIBES , 
RURAL AREAS , AND DISADVANTAGED AREAS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—To make grants to States or Indian tribes under clause (ii)(III), the Administrator may use, in addition to amounts available to carry out this sub-section, not more than $1,500,000 of the amounts made available to carry out section 104(k)(7) in each fiscal year. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION .—Each grant made under subclause (I) may be not more than $20,000. ‘‘(III) I
NCLUSION IN OTHER GRANTS .—The Ad- ministrator may, at the request of a State or Indian tribe, include a grant under this clause in any other grant to the State or In-dian tribe made under this subsection. ‘‘(iv) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) D
ISADVANTAGED AREA .—The term ‘dis-advantaged area’ means a community with an annual median household income that is less than 80 percent of the statewide annual median household income, as determined by the President based on the latest available decennial census. ‘‘(II) S
MALL COMMUNITY .—The term ‘small community’ means a community with a pop-ulation of not more than 15,000 individuals, as determined by the President based on the latest available decennial census.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 104(g)(1) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(g)(1)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘or section 128(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)’’ after ‘‘under this sec-tion’’. 
SEC. 15. STATE RESPONSE PROGRAM FUNDING. 
Section 128(a)(3) of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9628(a)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. DIVISION O—WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION FUNDING AND FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Wildfire Suppression Funding and Forest Manage-ment Activities Act’’. TITLE I—WILDFIRE AND DISASTER FUNDING ADJUSTMENT 
SEC. 102. WILDFIRE AND DISASTER FUNDING AD-JUSTMENT. 
(a) Section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking sub-clauses (I) and (II) and inserting the fol-lowing— ‘‘(I) the average over the previous 10 years (excluding the highest and lowest years) of the sum of the funding provided for disaster relief (as that term is defined on the date im-mediately before the date of enactment of the Wildfire Suppression Funding and Forest Management Activities Act); ‘‘(II) notwithstanding clause (iv), starting in fiscal year 2018, five percent of the total appropriations provided after fiscal year 2011 or in the previous 10 years, whichever is less, net of any rescissions of budget authority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1972 March 22, 2018 
enacted in the same period, with respect to amounts provided for major disasters de-clared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) and designated by the Congress and the President as an emer-gency pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i) of this paragraph; and ‘‘(III) the cumulative net total of the un-used carryover for fiscal year 2018 and all subsequent fiscal years, where the unused carryover for each fiscal year is calculated as the sum of the amounts in subclauses (I) and (II) less the enacted appropriations for that fiscal year that have been designated as being for disaster relief.’’; (2) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of the Budget Control Act of 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Wildfire Sup-pression Funding and Forest Management Activities Act’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION .— ‘‘(i) A
DDITIONAL NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY .— If, for fiscal years 2020 through 2027, a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that provides an amount for wildfire suppression operations in the Wildland Fire Management accounts at the Department of Agriculture or the De-partment of the Interior, then the adjust-ments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for wildfire suppression operations for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— ‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2020, $2,250,000,000; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2021, $2,350,000,000; ‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2022, $2,450,000,000; ‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2023, $2,550,000,000; ‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2024, $2,650,000,000; ‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2025, $2,750,000,000; ‘‘(VII) for fiscal year 2026, $2,850,000,000; and ‘‘(VIII) for fiscal year 2027, $2,950,000,000. ‘‘(ii) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) A
DDITIONAL NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY .— The term ‘additional new budget authority’ means the amount provided for a fiscal year in an appropriation Act that is in excess of the average costs for wildfire suppression op-erations as reported in the budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2015 and are specified to pay for the costs of wildfire suppression operations in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that fiscal year in clause (i). ‘‘(II) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS .— The term ‘wildfire suppression operations’ means the emergency and unpredictable as-pects of wildland firefighting, including— ‘‘(aa) support, response, and emergency stabilization activities; ‘‘(bb) other emergency management activi-ties; and ‘‘(cc) the funds necessary to repay any transfers needed for the costs of wildfire sup-pression operations.’’. (b) The amendment made by paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall begin to apply in fis-cal year 2019. 
SEC. 103. REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION FUNDS. 
If the amount provided for wildfire sup-pression operations for that fiscal year will be exhausted within 30 calendar days, the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture (as applicable), in consultation with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall promptly submit a request to Congress for supplemental appro-priations. 
SEC. 104. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year for which ad-ditional new budget authority is used, pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(F)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(F)(i)), as added by section 102 of this division, the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture (as applicable), in consultation with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall— (1) prepare an annual report with respect to the additional new budget authority; (2) submit to the Committees on Appro-priations, the Budget, and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations, the Budget, and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the annual report prepared under paragraph (1); and (3) make the report prepared under para-graph (1) available to the public. (b) COMPONENTS .—The annual report pre-pared under subsection (a)(1) shall— (1) document obligations and outlays of the additional new budget authority for wildfire suppression operations; (2) identify risk-based factors that influ-enced management decisions with respect to wildfire suppression operations; (3) analyze a statistically significant sam-ple of large fires, including an analysis for each fire of— (A) cost drivers; (B) the effectiveness of risk management techniques and whether fire operations strat-egy tracked the risk assessment; (C) any resulting ecological or other bene-fits to the landscape; (D) the impact of investments in wildfire suppression operations preparedness; (E) effectiveness of wildfire suppression op-erations, including an analysis of resources lost versus dollars invested; (F) effectiveness of any fuel treatments on fire behavior and suppression expenditures; (G) levels of exposure experienced by fire-fighters; (H) suggested corrective actions; and (I) any other factors the Secretary of the Interior or Secretary of Agriculture (as ap-plicable) determines to be appropriate; (4) include an accounting of overall fire management and spending by the Depart-ment of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, which shall be analyzed by fire size, cost, regional location, and other fac-tors; (5) describe any lessons learned in the con-duct of wildfire suppression operations; and (6) include any other elements that the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture (as applicable) determines to be necessary. TITLE II—FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘National Forest System’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (2) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). (3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to National Forest System land; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to public land. 
SEC. 202. WILDFIRE RESILIENCE PROJECTS. 
Insert at the end of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511) the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 605. WILDFIRE RESILIENCE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Hazardous fuels reduc-tion projects, as defined in the Healthy For-ests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511(2)) may be— ‘‘(1) carried out in accordance with sub-sections (b), (c), and (d) of section 102 and sections 104 and 105; ‘‘(2) considered an action categorically ex-cluded from the requirements of Public Law 91–190 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and ‘‘(3) exempt from the special administra-tive review process under section 105. ‘‘(b) C
OLLABORATIVE RESTORATION  P
ROJECT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A project referred to in subsection (a) is a project to carry out forest restoration treatments that— ‘‘(A) maximizes the retention of old-growth and large trees, as appropriate for the forest type, to the extent that the trees promote stands that are resilient to insects and dis-ease, and reduce the risk or extent of, or in-crease the resilience to, wildfires; ‘‘(B) considers the best available scientific information to maintain or restore the eco-logical integrity, including maintaining or restoring structure, function, composition, and connectivity; and ‘‘(C) is developed and implemented through a collaborative process that— ‘‘(i) includes multiple interested persons representing diverse interests; and ‘‘(ii)(I) is transparent and nonexclusive; or ‘‘(II) meets the requirements for a resource advisory committee under subsections (c) through (f) of section 205 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125). ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION .—A project under this sub-section may carry out part of a proposal that complies with the eligibility requirements of the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restora-tion Program under section 4003(b) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(b)). ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROJECT SIZE .—A project under this section may not exceed 3000 acres. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—A project under this sec-tion shall be— ‘‘(A) Prioritized within the wildland-urban interface; ‘‘(B) If located outside the wildland-urban interface, limited to areas within Condition Classes 2 or 3 in Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III that contain very high wildfire hazard po-tential; and ‘‘(C) Limited to areas designated under section 602(b) as of the date of enactment of this Act. ‘‘(3) R
OADS .— ‘‘(A) P
ERMANENT ROADS .— ‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITION ON ESTABLISHMENT .—A project under this section shall not include the establishment of permanent roads. ‘‘(ii) E
XISTING ROADS .—The Secretary may carry out necessary maintenance and repairs on existing permanent roads for the purposes of this section. ‘‘(B) T
EMPORARY ROADS .—The Secretary shall decommission any temporary road con-structed under a project under this section not later than 3 years after the date on which the project is completed. ‘‘(4) E
XTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Secretary shall apply the extraordinary cir-cumstances procedures under section 220.6 of title 36, code of Federal regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), when using the categor-ical exclusion under this section. ‘‘(d) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section does not apply to— ‘‘(1) a component of the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; ‘‘(2) any Federal land on which, by Act of Congress or Presidential proclamation, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1973 March 22, 2018 
removal of vegetation is restricted or prohib-ited; ‘‘(3) a congressionally designated wilder-ness study area; or ‘‘(4) an area in which activities under sub-section (a) would be inconsistent with the applicable land and resource management plan. ‘‘(e) F
OREST MANAGEMENT PLANS .—All projects and activities carried out under this section shall be consistent with the land and resource management plan established under section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604) for the unit of the National For-est System containing the projects and ac-tivities. ‘‘(f) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND SCOPING .—The Sec- retary shall conduct public notice and scoping for any project or action proposed in accordance with this section. ‘‘(g) A
CCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-pare an annual report on the use of categor-ical exclusions under this section that in-cludes a description of all acres (or other ap-propriate unit) treated through projects car-ried out under this section. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit the reports required under paragraph (1) to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(D) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(E) the Government Accountability Of-fice.’’. 
SEC. 203. INSTALLATION OF FUEL BREAKS AND FIREBREAKS FOR HAZARDOUS FUEL REDUCTION ON FEDERAL LAND. 
Section 101(2) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘authorized haz-ardous fuel reduction project’ includes, using the measures and methods described in sub-paragraph (A), the installation of— ‘‘(i) a natural or manmade change in fuel characteristics that affects fire behavior such that a fire can be more readily con-trolled (commonly known as a ‘fuel break’); and ‘‘(ii) a natural or constructed barrier used to stop or check a fire or to provide a control line from which to work to stop or check a fire (commonly known as a ‘firebreak’).’’. 
SEC. 204. CANCELLATION CEILINGS FOR STEW-ARDSHIP END RESULT CON-TRACTING PROJECTS. 
Section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) C
ANCELLATION CEILINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3903(b)(1) of title 41, United States Code, the Chief and the Director may obligate funds in stages that are economically or program-matically viable to cover any potential can-cellation or termination costs for an agree-ment or contract under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) A
DVANCE NOTICE TO CONGRESS OF CAN -
CELLATION CEILING IN EXCESS OF $25 ,000,000.— Not later than 30 days before entering into a multiyear agreement or contract under sub-section (b) that includes a cancellation ceil-ing in excess of $25,000,000, but does not in-clude proposed funding for the costs of can-celling the agreement or contract up to that cancellation ceiling, the Chief or the Direc-tor, as applicable, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources and the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives a written notice that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of the cancellation ceil-ing amounts proposed for each program year in the agreement or contract; ‘‘(B) the reasons why the cancellation ceil-ing amounts described under subparagraph (A) were selected; ‘‘(C) a description of the extent to which the costs of contract cancellation are not in-cluded in the budget for the agreement or contract; and ‘‘(D) an assessment of the financial risk of not including budgeting for the costs of agreement or contract cancellation. ‘‘(3) TRANSMITTAL OF NOTICE TO OMB .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which written notice is provided under paragraph (2), the Chief or the Director, as appropriate, shall transmit a copy of the notice to the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. 
SEC. 205. EXCESS OFFSET VALUE. 
Section 604(g)(2) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(g)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) use the excess to satisfy any out-standing liabilities for cancelled agreements or contracts; or ‘‘(B) if there are no outstanding liabilities described in subparagraph (A), apply the ex-cess to other authorized stewardship projects.’’. 
SEC. 206. SUBMISSION OF EXISTING ANNUAL RE-PORT. 
Subsection (j) of section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c) (as redesignated by section 204 of this Act), is amended by striking ‘‘report to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representa-tives’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to the congres-sional committees described in subsection (h)(2) a report’’. 
SEC. 207. 20-YEAR STEWARDSHIP CONTRACTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of the Interior may award contracts or agreements under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511), for terms not to exceed 20 years on areas where the major-ity of Federal lands are in Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III. (b) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding a contract under this section, the Secretary concerned may, notwithstanding the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulations, give a procurement pref-erence to a contractor that would, as part of the contract, promote an innovative use of forest products, including cross-laminated timber. 
SEC. 208. CONSULTATION UNDER FOREST AND RANGELAND RENEWABLE RE-SOURCES PLANNING ACT OF 1974. 
(a) C ONSULTATION REGARDING LAND MAN-
AGEMENT PLANS .—Section 6(d) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(d)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘(d) The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION AND CONSULTA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) NO ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION REQUIRED  
AFTER APPROVAL OF LAND MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to engage in consultation under this section or any other provision of law (includ-ing section 7 of Public Law 93–205 (16 U.S.C. 1536) and section 402.16 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regula-tion)) with respect to— ‘‘(i) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of critical habi-tat pursuant to Public Law 93–205 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), if a land management plan has been adopted by the Secretary as of the date of listing or designation; and ‘‘(ii) any provision of a land management plan adopted as described in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply if— ‘‘(i) 15 years have passed since the date on which the Secretary adopted the land man-agement plan described in clause (i) of that subparagraph; and ‘‘(ii) 5 years have passed since the date of enactment of this section or the date of the listing of a species as threatened or endan-gered for a species known to occur on the unit or the designation of critical habitat within the unit as described in clause (i) of that subparagraph, whichever is later. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph affects any applicable re-quirement of the Secretary to consult with the head of any other Federal department or agency— ‘‘(i) regarding any project carried out, or proposed to be carried out, to implement a land management plan pursuant to Public Law 93–205 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), including any requirement to consult regarding the consideration of cumulative impacts of com-pleted, ongoing, and planned projects; or ‘‘(ii) with respect to— ‘‘(I) the development of a modification to a land management plan; or ‘‘(II) an amendment or revision to a land management plan in accordance with para-graph (4) or (5) of subsection (f).’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY ; CONFORMING  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—Section 3(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Re-sources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1601(a)) is amended, in the first sentence of the matter preceding paragraph (1), by in-serting ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Sec-retary’)’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) is amended, in sections 4 through 9, 12, 13, and 15, by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’. 
SEC. 209. OREGON AND CALIFORNIA RAILROAD REVESTED LANDS AND COOS BAY WAGON ROAD RECONVEYED LANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with respect to the Oregon and California Railroad grant land revested in the United States by the Act of June 9, 1916 (39 Stat. 218, chapter 137), and the Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land recon-veyed to the United States by the first sec-tion of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179, chapter 47), that is managed under the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, shall not be required to engage in con-sultation under any law (including section 7 of Public Law 93–205 (16 U.S.C. 1536) and sec-tion 402.16 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or a successor regulation)), with re-spect to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1974 March 22, 2018 
(1) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of critical habi-tat, pursuant to Public Law 93–205 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), if a land use plan has been adopted by the Secretary of the Interior as of the date of listing or designation; and (2) any provision of a land use plan adopted as described in paragraph (1). (b) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section affects any applicable requirement of the Secretary of the Interior to consult with the head of any other Federal department or agency— (1) regarding a project carried out, or pro-posed to be carried out, pursuant to Public Law 93–205 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), including any requirement to consult regarding the consideration of the cumulative impacts of completed, ongoing, and planned projects; or (2) with respect to the development of a new land use plan or the revision of or other significant change to an existing land use plan. 
SEC. 210. WILDFIRE HAZARD SEVERITY MAPPING FOR COMMUNITIES. 
(a) M APREQUIRED .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall— (1) develop and publish a geospatial map appropriate for community-level use that de-picts wildfire hazard severity to inform at- risk communities that are— (A) adjacent to National Forest System lands; or (B) affected by wildland fire, as determined by the Secretary; and (2) disseminate the information under paragraph (1) in an appropriate, web-based format for use by such communities to— (A) improve understanding of their risk profile; (B) clarify thinking on the nature and ef-fect of wildfire risks; and (C) develop plans to manage and mitigate those risks. (b) P
URPOSES OF MAP.—The purposes of the map required under subsection (a) are as fol-lows: (1) To inform evaluations of wildfire risk. (2) To prioritize fuels management needs. (3) To depict the relative potential for wildfire that could be difficult for suppres-sion resources to contain and that could cause ignitions to structures. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of Agriculture and Chief of the Forest Service shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of the Interior; (2) the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; (3) other appropriate Federal agencies; (4) States; (5) relevant colleges, universities, and in-stitutions of higher education with relevant expertise; and (6) other entities, as appropriate. (d) A
T-RISK COMMUNITY DEFINED .—The term ‘‘at-risk community’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511). 
SEC. 211. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELEC-TRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBU-TION FACILITY RIGHTS OF WAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 512. VEGETATION MANAGMENT, FACILITY INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELEC-TRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBU-TION FACILITY RIGHTS OF WAY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) HAZARD TREE .—The term ‘hazard tree’ means any tree or part thereof (whether lo-cated inside or outside a right-of-way) that has been designated, prior to tree failure, by a certified or licensed arborist or forester under the supervision of the Secretary con-cerned or the owner or operator of a trans-mission or distribution facility to be— ‘‘(A) dead, likely to die within the routine vegetation management cycle, or likely to fail within the routine vegetation manage-ment cycle; and ‘‘(B) if the tree or part of the tree failed, likely to— ‘‘(i) cause substantial damage or disruption to a transmission or distribution facility; or ‘‘(ii) come within 10 feet of an electric power line. ‘‘(2) O
WNER ; OPERATOR .—The terms ‘owner’ and ‘operator’ include contractors or other agents engaged by the owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution fa-cility. ‘‘(3) P
LAN.—The term ‘plan’ means a vege-tation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan that— ‘‘(A) is prepared by the owner or operator of 1 or more electric transmission or dis-tribution facilities to cover 1 or more elec-tric transmission and distribution rights-of- way; and ‘‘(B) provides for the long-term, cost-effec-tive, efficient, and timely management of fa-cilities and vegetation within the width of the right-of-way and abutting Federal land, including hazard trees, to enhance electric reliability, promote public safety, and avoid fire hazards. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Secretary concerned’ means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary, with respect to public lands; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to National Forest System land. ‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To enhance the reli-ability of the electric grid and reduce the threat of wildfire damage to, and wildfire caused by vegetation-related conditions within, electric transmission and distribu-tion rights-of-way and abutting Federal land, including hazard trees, the Secretary concerned shall issue and periodically update guidance to ensure that provisions are appro-priately developed and implemented for util-ity vegetation management, facility inspec-tion, and operation and maintenance of rights-of-way, regardless of the means by which the rights-of-way are established (in-cluding by grant, special use authorization, and easement). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall be compatible with mandatory reliability standards established by the Electric Reliability Organization. ‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall take into account— ‘‘(A) all applicable law, including fire safe-ty and electric system reliability require-ments (including reliability standards estab-lished by the Electric Reliability Organiza-tion under section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o)); and ‘‘(B) the Memorandum of Understanding on Vegetation Management for Powerline Rights-of-Way between the Edison Electric Institute, Utility Arborist Association, the Department of the Interior, the Department of Agriculture, and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency signed in 2016. ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be developed in consultation with the owners of transmission and distribution fa-cilities that hold rights-of-way; ‘‘(B) seek to minimize the need for case-by- case approvals for — ‘‘(i) routine vegetation management, facil-ity inspection, and operation and mainte-nance activities; and ‘‘(ii) utility vegetation management ac-tivities that are necessary to control hazard trees; and ‘‘(C) provide for prompt and timely review of requests to conduct vegetation manage-ment activities that require approval of the Secretary concerned, especially activities re-quiring expedited or immediate action. ‘‘(c) VEGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY  I
NSPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTE -
NANCE PLANS .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT AND SUBMISSION .—Con- sistent with subsection (b), the Secretary concerned shall provide owners and opera-tors of electric transmission or distribution facilities located on public lands and Na-tional Forest System land, as applicable, with the option to develop and submit a plan. ‘‘(2) ERO 
STANDARDS .—Owners and opera-tors subject to mandatory reliability stand-ards established by the Electric Reliability Organization (or superseding standards) may use those standards as part of the plan. ‘‘(3) P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—A plan devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) identify the applicable transmission or distribution facilities to be maintained; ‘‘(B) take into account operations and maintenance plans for the applicable trans-mission or distribution line; ‘‘(C) describe the vegetation management, inspection, and operation and maintenance methods that may be used to comply with all applicable law, including fire safety require-ments and reliability standards established by the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(D) include schedules for— ‘‘(i) the applicable owner or operator to no-tify the Secretary concerned about routine and major maintenance; ‘‘(ii) the applicable owner or operator to request approval from the Secretary con-cerned about undertaking routine and major maintenance; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary concerned to respond to a request by an owner or operator under clause (ii); and ‘‘(E) describe processes for— ‘‘(i) identifying changes in conditions; and ‘‘(ii) modifying the approved plan, if nec-essary. ‘‘(4) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary con-cerned shall jointly develop a consolidated and coordinated process for the review and approval of plans submitted under paragraph (1) that— ‘‘(i) includes timelines and benchmarks for— ‘‘(I) the submission of agency comments on the plans and schedules for final decision; and ‘‘(II) the timely review of modifications of the plans in cases in which modifications are necessary; ‘‘(ii) is consistent with applicable law; and ‘‘(iii) includes a process for modifications to a plan in a prompt manner if changed con-ditions necessitate a modification to a plan; and ‘‘(iv) ensures, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, a prompt review and approval proc-ess not to exceed 120 days. ‘‘(B) P
LAN MODIFICATION .—Upon reasonable advance notice to an owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility of any changed conditions that warrant a modification to a plan, the Secretary con-cerned shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1975 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(i) provide an opportunity for the owner or operator to submit a proposed plan modi-fication, consistent with the process de-scribed under subparagraph (A)(iii), to ad-dress the changed condition identified by the Secretary concerned; ‘‘(ii) consider the proposed plan modifica-tion consistent with the process described under paragraph (4)(A); and ‘‘(iii) allow the owner or operator to con-tinue to implement any element of the ap-proved plan that does not directly and ad-versely affect the condition precipitating the need for modification. ‘‘(5) C
ATEGORIES OF ACTIONS NOT REQUIRING  
ENVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS .—With respect to the development and approval of plans sub-mitted under paragraph (1), as well as with respect to actions carried out under such plans, the Secretary concerned shall identify categories of actions for which neither an en-vironmental impact statement nor an envi-ronmental assessment shall be required under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or a successor regulation). ‘‘(d) C
ERTAIN OWNERS AND OPERATORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution fa-cility that is not subject to the mandatory reliability standards established by the Elec-tric Reliability Organization or that sold less than or equal to 1,000,000 megawatt hours of electric energy for purposes other than resale during each of the 3 calendar years immediately preceding the date of en-actment of this section may enter into an agreement with the Secretary concerned in lieu of a plan under subsection (c). ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-retary concerned shall ensure that the min-imum requirements for an agreement under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) reflect the relative financial resources of the applicable owner or operator com-pared to other owners or operators of an electric transmission or distribution facility; ‘‘(B) include schedules as described in sub-section (c)(3)(D); ‘‘(C) are subject to modification require-ments as described in subsection (c)(4)(B); and ‘‘(D) comply with applicable law. ‘‘(e) E
MERGENCY CONDITIONS .—If vegetation or hazard trees have contacted or present an imminent danger of contacting an electric transmission or distribution line from within or adjacent to an electric transmission or distribution right-of-way, the owner or oper-ator of the electric transmission or distribu-tion lines— ‘‘(1) may prune or remove the vegetation or hazard tree— ‘‘(A) to avoid the disruption of electric service; and ‘‘(B) to eliminate immediate fire and safe-ty hazards; and ‘‘(2) shall notify the appropriate local agent of the Secretary concerned not later than 1 day after the date of the response to emergency conditions. ‘‘(f) A
CTIVITIES THATREQUIRE APPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), the owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility may conduct vegetation management activi-ties that require approval of the Secretary concerned in accordance with a plan ap-proved under subsection (c) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d) only with the approval of the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT TO RESPOND .—The Sec- retary concerned shall respond to a request for approval to conduct vegetation manage-ment activities in accordance with the appli-cable schedules in a plan approved under sub-section (c) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d). ‘‘(3) AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The owner or operator of an electric transmission or dis-tribution facility may conduct vegetation management activities that require approval of the Secretary concerned in accordance with a plan approved under subsection (c) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d) without the approval of the Secretary concerned if— ‘‘(A) the owner or operator submitted a re-quest to the Secretary concerned in accord-ance with the applicable schedule in a plan approved under subsection (c) or an agree-ment entered into under subsection (d); ‘‘(B) the vegetation management activi-ties, including the removal of hazard trees, proposed in the request under subparagraph (A) are in accordance with a plan approved under subsection (c) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d); and ‘‘(C) the Secretary concerned fails to re-spond to the request under subparagraph (A) in accordance with the applicable schedule in a plan approved under subsection (c) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d). ‘‘(g) L
IABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned shall not impose strict liability for damages or injury resulting from— ‘‘(A) the Secretary concerned unreasonably withholding or delaying— ‘‘(i) approval of a plan under subsection (c); or ‘‘(ii) entrance into an agreement under subsection (d); or ‘‘(B) the Secretary concerned unreasonably failing to adhere to an applicable schedule in a plan approved under subsection (c) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) D
AMAGES .—For the period ending 10 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary concerned shall not impose strict liability in an amount greater than $500,000 per incident for dam-ages or injury resulting from activities con-ducted by an owner or operator in accord-ance with an approved agreement under sub-section (d). ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (2) shall be construed to effect any liability imposed by the Secretary concerned under section 251.56(d) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section) and section 2807.12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this section), for activities con-ducted by an owner or operator in accord-ance with an approved plan under subsection (c). ‘‘(h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) A
CTIVITIES THAT REQUIRE APPROVAL .— The Secretary concerned shall report re-quests and actions made under subsection (f) annually on the website of the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—Not later than four years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary concerned shall pre-pare and submit a report to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate that de-scribes the effect on the Treasury of the strict liability limitation established by sub-section (g)(2). ‘‘(i) T
RAINING AND GUIDANCE .—In consulta-tion with the electric utility industry, the Secretary concerned is encouraged to de-velop a program to train personnel of the De-partment of the Interior and the Forest Service involved in vegetation management decisions relating to electric transmission and distribution facilities to ensure that the personnel— ‘‘(1) understand electric system reliability requirements as the requirements relate to vegetation management of transmission and distribution rights-of-way on Federal land, including reliability standards established by the Electric Reliability Organization and fire safety requirements; ‘‘(2) assist owners and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities in complying with applicable electric reli-ability and fire safety requirements; ‘‘(3) encourage and assist willing owners and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities to incorporate on a voluntary basis vegetation management practices to enhance habitats and forage for pollinators and for other wildlife if the prac-tices are compatible with the integrated vegetation management practices necessary for reliability and safety; and ‘‘(4) understand how existing and emerging unmanned technologies can help electric utilities, the Federal Government, State and local governments, and private landowners— ‘‘(A) to more efficiently identify vegeta-tion management needs; ‘‘(B) to reduce the risk of wildfires; and ‘‘(C) to lower ratepayer energy costs. ‘‘(j) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary con-cerned shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, propose regula-tions, or amend existing regulations, to im-plement this section; and ‘‘(2) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section, finalize regula-tions, or amend existing regulations, to im-plement this section. ‘‘(k) E
XISTING VEGETATION MANAGEMENT , F
ACILITY INSPECTION , AND OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE PLANS .—Nothing in this sec-tion requires an owner or operator to develop and submit a new plan under this section if a plan consistent with this section has al-ready been approved by the Secretary con-cerned before the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 511 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 512. Vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance relating to elec-tric transmission and distribu-tion facility rights-of-way.’’. 
SEC. 212. GOOD NEIGHBOR AUTHORITY IM-PROVEMENT. 
Section 8206(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘areas; or’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘areas, other than the reconstruction, re-pair, or restoration of a National Forest Sys-tem road that is— ‘‘(I) necessary to carry out authorized res-toration services pursuant to a good neigh-bor agreement; and ‘‘(II) in the case of a National Forest Sys-tem road that is determined to be unneeded in accordance with section 212.5(b)(2) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Good Neigh-bor Authority Improvement Act), decommis-sioned in accordance with subparagraph (A)(iii)— ‘‘(aa) in a manner that is consistent with the applicable travel management plan; and ‘‘(bb) not later than 3 years after the date on which the applicable authorized restora-tion services project is completed; or’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM ROAD .—The term ‘National Forest System road’ has the meaning given the term in section 212.1 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1976 March 22, 2018 
title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Good Neighbor Authority Improvement Act).’’. TITLE III—FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILITATION REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reau-thorization of 2018’’. 
SEC. 302. FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILI-TATION ACT. 
The Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act is amended— (1) in section 203(1) (43 U.S.C. 2302(1)), by striking ‘‘cultural, or’’ and inserting ‘‘cul-tural, recreational access and use, or other’’; (2) in section 203(2) (43 U.S.C. 2302(2))— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘on the date of enactment of this Act was’’ and inserting ‘‘is’’; (B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) a national monument, area of critical environmental concern, national conserva-tion area, national riparian conservation area, national recreation area, national sce-nic area, research natural area, national out-standing natural area, priority species and habitats designated in a land use plan in ac-cordance with subpart E (entitled ‘‘Fish and Wildlife’’) of part I of Appendix C of Bureau of Land Management Land Use Planning Handbook H-1601-1 (Rel 1-1693), a special recreation management area, or a national natural landmark managed by the Bureau of Land Management;’’; and (C) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) a National Forest or National Grass-land in the National Forest System; or’’; (3) in section 203 (43 U.S.C. 2302), by insert-ing the following paragraph after section 203(2) (and redesignating the following para-graphs accordingly): ‘‘(3) I
NACCESSIBLE LANDS THAT ARE OPEN TO  
PUBLIC HUNTING , FISHING , RECREATIONAL  
SHOOTING , OR OTHER RECREATIONAL PUR -
POSES .—The term ‘inaccessible lands that are open to public hunting, fishing, rec-reational shooting, or other recreational purposes’ means public lands in Alaska and the eleven contiguous Western States (as de-fined in section 103 of the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)) consisting of at least 640 contiguous acres on which the public is allowed under Federal or State law to hunt, fish, target shoot or use the land for other recreational purposes but— ‘‘(A) to which there is no public access or egress; or ‘‘(B) to which public access or egress to the land is significantly restricted, as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’; and (4) in section 205 (43 U.S.C. 2304)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 206’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting the following: ‘‘section 206— ‘‘(1) to complete appraisals and satisfy other legal requirements for the sale or ex-change of public land identified for disposal under approved land use plans under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Land Trans-action Facilitation Act Reauthorization of 2018, to establish and make available to the public, on the website of the Department of the Interior, a database containing a com-prehensive list of all the land referred to in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) to maintain the database referred to in paragraph (2).’’; and (B) by striking subsection (d); (5) in section 206(c)(2) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(2))— (A) in subparagraph(A)(i), by striking ‘‘inholdings; and’’ and inserting ‘‘inholdings;’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘exceptional resources.’’ and inserting ‘‘ex-ceptional resources; or’’; (C) in subparagraph (A), by inserting after clause (ii), ‘‘(iii) adjacent to inaccessible lands open to public hunting, fishing, rec-reational shooting, or other recreational purposes.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) Any funds made available under sub-paragraph (D) that are not obligated or ex-pended by the end of the fourth full fiscal year after the date of the sale or exchange of land that generated the funds may be ex-pended in any State.’’; (6) in section 206(c)(3) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(3))— (A) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) the extent to which the acquisition of the land or interest therein will increase the public availability of resources for, and fa-cilitate public access to, hunting, fishing, and other recreational activities;’’; and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D); (7) by striking section 206(f) (43 U.S.C. 2305(f)); and (8) in section 207(b) (43 U.S.C. 2306(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘96–568’’ and inserting ‘‘96– 586’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘Public Law 105–263;’’ be-fore ‘‘112 Stat.’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3028); ‘‘(4) the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(5) subtitle F of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(6) subtitle O of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 460www note, 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(7) section 2601 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1108); or ‘‘(8) section 2606 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1121).’’. TITLE IV—EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DE-TERMINATION ACT OF 2000 
SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000. 
(a) S ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES AND  C
OUNTIES CONTAINING FEDERAL LAND.— (1) F
ULL FUNDING AMOUNT .—Section 3(11) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act (16 U.S.C. 7102(11)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘and each fiscal year there-after’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2015’’; and (ii) by striking the period and inserting a semi-colon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) for fiscal year 2017, the amount that is equal to 95 percent of the full funding amount for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(E) for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, the amount that is equal to 95 percent of the full funding amount for the preceding fiscal year.’’. (2) SECURE PAYMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended, in subsections (a) and (b), by strik-ing ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘2015, 2017, and 2018’’. (B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 PAY -
MENTS .—Section 101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) S
TATE PAYMENT .—If an eligible county in a State that will receive a share of the State payment for fiscal year 2017 has al-ready received, or will receive, a share of the 25-percent payment for fiscal year 2017 dis-tributed to the State before the date of en-actment of this subsection, the amount of the State payment shall be reduced by the amount of the share of the eligible county of the 25-percent payment. ‘‘(2) C
OUNTY PAYMENT .—If an eligible coun-ty that will receive a county payment for fis-cal year 2017 has already received a 50-per-cent payment for fiscal year 2017, the amount of the county payment shall be re-duced by the amount of the 50-percent pay-ment. ‘‘(3) P
ROMPT PAYMENT .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make all payments under this title for fiscal year 2017.’’. (3) P
AYMENTS TO STATES AND COUNTIES .— (A) E
LECTION TO RECEIVE PAYMENT  
AMOUNT .—Section 102(b) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding after sub-paragraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2017 AND  
2018.—The election otherwise required by sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal years 2017 or 2018.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and for fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’ after ‘‘2015’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and for fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’ after ‘‘2015’’. (B) E
XPENDITURE RULES FOR ELIGIBLE COUN -
TIES.—Section 102(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding after sub-paragraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2017 AND  
2018.—The election made by an eligible coun-ty under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D) for fis-cal year 2013, or deemed to be made by the county under paragraph (3)(B) for that fiscal year, shall be effective for fiscal years 2017 and 2018.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘purpose described in section 202(b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘purposes described in section 202(b), section 203(c), or section 204(a)(5)’’; and (II) by adding after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2017 AND  
2018.—This paragraph does not apply for fiscal years 2017 and 2018.’’. (C) E
LECTIONS AS TO ALLOCATION OF BAL -
ANCE .—Section 102(d)(1) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(1)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment’’ and inserting ‘‘any portion of the balance’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1977 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(C) C OUNTIES WITH MAJOR DISTRIBUTIONS .— In the case of each eligible county to which $350,000 or more is distributed for any fiscal year pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(B) of subsection (a), the eligible county shall elect to do 1 or more of the following with the bal-ance of any funds not expended pursuant to subparagraph (A): ‘‘(i) Reserve any portion of the balance for projects in accordance with title II. ‘‘(ii) Reserve not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment for projects in accordance with title III. ‘‘(iii) Return the portion of the balance not reserved under clauses (i) and (ii) to the Treasury of the United States.’’. (D) T
REATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND -
ING.—Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds made available to an eligible county under this Act may be used in lieu of, or to otherwise offset, a State funding source for a local school, facility, or educational purpose. ‘‘(2) C
ONTINUATION OF DIRECT PAYMENTS .— Payments to States made under the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) and 25-percent payments made to States and Territories under the Acts of May 23, 1908, and March 1, 1911 (16 U.S.C. 500), shall con-tinue to be made as direct payments and not as Federal financial assistance.’’. (E) D
ISTRIBUTION OF PAYMENTS TO ELIGIBLE  
COUNTIES .—Section 103(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and for fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’. (b) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT SPECIAL PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND.— (1) R
EPEAL OF CONTRACTING PILOT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 204(e) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (2) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES .—Sec- tion 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF PROJECT FUNDS .—Sec- tion 207(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7127(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (B)(i), (B)(ii),’’. (4) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (c) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SEC. 402. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF RE-SERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE III COUN-TY PROJECTS. 
Section 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and law enforcement pa-trols’’ after ‘‘including firefighting’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and carry out’’ after ‘‘develop’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) to cover training costs and equipment purchases directly related to the emergency services described in paragraph (2); and’’. TITLE V—STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN SEC. 501. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve during the period of fiscal years 2020 through 2021. (2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary of Energy may not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would limit the authority to sell petro-leum products under subsection (h) of sec-tion 161 of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. (c) S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM DRAWDOWN LIMI-
TATIONS .—Section 161(h)(2) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘350,000,000’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘340,000,000’’. DIVISION P—RAY BAUM’S ACT OF 2018 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Repack Airwaves Yielding Bet-ter Access for Users of Modern Services Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘RAY BAUM’S Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Commission defined. TITLE I—FCC REAUTHORIZATION Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 102. Application and regulatory fees. Sec. 103. Effective date. TITLE II—APPLICATION OF ANTIDEFICIENCY ACT Sec. 201. Application of Antideficiency Act to Universal Service Program. TITLE III—SECURING ACCESS TO NETWORKS IN DISASTERS Sec. 301. Study on network resiliency. Sec. 302. Access to essential service pro-viders during federally declared emergencies. Sec. 303. Definitions. TITLE IV—FCC CONSOLIDATED REPORTING Sec. 401. Communications marketplace re-port. Sec. 402. Consolidation of redundant reports; conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Effect on authority. Sec. 404. Other reports. TITLE V—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS Sec. 501. Independent Inspector General for FCC. Sec. 502. Authority of Chief Information Of-ficer. Sec. 503. Spoofing prevention. Sec. 504. Report on promoting broadband Internet access service for vet-erans. Sec. 505. Methodology for collection of mo-bile service coverage data. Sec. 506. Accuracy of dispatchable location for 9–1–1 calls. Sec. 507. NTIA study on interagency process following cybersecurity inci-dents. Sec. 508. Tribal digital access. Sec. 509. Terms of office and vacancies. Sec. 510. Joint board recommendation. Sec. 511. Disclaimer for press releases re-garding notices of apparent li-ability. Sec. 512. Reports related to spectrum auc-tions. TITLE VI—MOBILE NOW Sec. 601. Short title. Sec. 602. Definitions. Sec. 603. Identifying 255 megahertz. Sec. 604. Millimeter wave spectrum. Sec. 605. 3 gigahertz spectrum. Sec. 606. Communications facilities deploy-ment on Federal property. Sec. 607. Broadband infrastructure deploy-ment. Sec. 608. Communications facilities installa-tion. Sec. 609. Reallocation incentives. Sec. 610. Bidirectional sharing study. Sec. 611. Unlicensed services in guard bands. Sec. 612. Pre-auction funding. Sec. 613. Immediate transfer of funds. Sec. 614. Amendments to the Spectrum Pipe-line Act of 2015. Sec. 615. GAO assessment of unlicensed spec-trum and Wi-Fi use in low-in-come neighborhoods. Sec. 616. Rulemaking related to partitioning or disaggregating licenses. Sec. 617. Unlicensed spectrum policy. Sec. 618. National plan for unlicensed spec-trum. Sec. 619. Spectrum challenge prize. Sec. 620. Wireless telecommunications tax and fee collection fairness. Sec. 621. Rules of construction. Sec. 622. Relationship to Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012. Sec. 623. No additional funds authorized. 
SEC. 2. COMMISSION DEFINED. 
In this division, the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Com-mission. TITLE I—FCC REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 156) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission to carry out the functions of the Commission $333,118,000 for fiscal year 2019 and $339,610,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(b) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—The sum appropriated in any fiscal year to carry out the activities described in subsection (a), to the extent and in the amounts provided for in Appropriations Acts, shall be derived from fees authorized by section 9.’’. (b) D
EPOSITS OF BIDDERS TOBEDEPOSITED  
INTREASURY .—Section 309(j)(8)(C) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(C)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘an in-terest bearing account’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the Treasury.’’; (2) in clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘paid to the Treasury’’ and inserting ‘‘deposited in the general fund of the Treasury (where such deposits shall be used for the sole purpose of deficit reduc-tion)’’; and (B) by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1978 March 22, 2018 
(3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, and payments representing the return of such deposits shall not be subject to administrative offset under section 3716(c) of title 31, United States Code.’’; and (4) by striking clause (iii). (c) E
LIMINATION OF DUPLICATIVE AUTHOR -
IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 710 of the Tele-communications Act of 1996 (Public Law 104– 104) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 710. (d) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—On the effective date described in section 103 of this title, any amounts in the account providing appropria-tions to carry out the functions of the Com-mission that were collected in excess of the amounts provided for in Appropriations Acts in any fiscal year prior to such date shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury of the United States for the sole purpose of deficit reduction. 
SEC. 102. APPLICATION AND REGULATORY FEES. 
(a) A PPLICATION FEES.—Section 8 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 158) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. APPLICATION FEES. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY ; ESTABLISHMENT  
OFSCHEDULE .—The Commission shall assess and collect application fees at such rates as the Commission shall establish in a schedule of application fees to recover the costs of the Commission to process applications. ‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENT OF SCHEDULE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In every even-numbered year, the Commission shall review the sched-ule of application fees established under this section and, except as provided in paragraph (2), set a new amount for each fee in the schedule that is equal to the amount of the fee on the date when the fee was established or the date when the fee was last amended under subsection (c), whichever is later— ‘‘(A) increased or decreased by the percent-age change in the Consumer Price Index dur-ing the period beginning on such date and ending on the date of the review; and ‘‘(B) rounded to the nearest $5 increment. ‘‘(2) T
HRESHOLD FOR ADJUSTMENT .—The Commission may not adjust a fee under para-graph (1) if— ‘‘(A) in the case of a fee the current amount of which is less than $200, the adjust-ment would result in a change in the current amount of less than $10; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a fee the current amount of which is $200 or more, the adjust-ment would result in a change in the current amount of less than 5 percent. ‘‘(3) C
URRENT AMOUNT DEFINED .—In para- graph (2), the term ‘current amount’ means, with respect to a fee, the amount of the fee on the date when the fee was established, the date when the fee was last adjusted under paragraph (1), or the date when the fee was last amended under subsection (c), whichever is latest. ‘‘(c) A
MENDMENTS TO SCHEDULE .—In addi- tion to the adjustments required by sub-section (b), the Commission shall by rule amend the schedule of application fees estab-lished under this section if the Commission determines that the schedule requires amendment— ‘‘(1) so that such fees reflect increases or decreases in the costs of processing applica-tions at the Commission; or ‘‘(2) so that such schedule reflects the con-solidation or addition of new categories of applications. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ARTIES TO WHICH FEES ARE NOT APPLI -
CABLE .—The application fees established under this section shall not be applicable to— ‘‘(A) a governmental entity; ‘‘(B) a nonprofit entity licensed in the Local Government, Police, Fire, Highway Maintenance, Forestry-Conservation, Public Safety, or Special Emergency Radio radio services; or ‘‘(C) a noncommercial radio station or non-commercial television station. ‘‘(2) COST OF COLLECTION .—If, in the judg-ment of the Commission, the cost of col-lecting an application fee established under this section would exceed the amount col-lected, the Commission may by rule elimi-nate such fee. ‘‘(e) D
EPOSIT OF COLLECTIONS .—Moneys re-ceived from application fees established under this section shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury.’’. (b) R
EGULATORY FEES.—Section 9 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 159) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. REGULATORY FEES. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sion shall assess and collect regulatory fees to recover the costs of carrying out the ac-tivities described in section 6(a) only to the extent, and in the total amounts, provided for in Appropriations Acts. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF SCHEDULE .—The Commission shall assess and collect regu-latory fees at such rates as the Commission shall establish in a schedule of regulatory fees that will result in the collection, in each fiscal year, of an amount that can reason-ably be expected to equal the amounts de-scribed in subsection (a) with respect to such fiscal year. ‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT OF SCHEDULE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the Commission shall by rule adjust the schedule of regulatory fees established under this sec-tion to— ‘‘(A) reflect unexpected increases or de-creases in the number of units subject to the payment of such fees; and ‘‘(B) result in the collection of the amount required by subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—In making adjustments under this subsection, the Commission may round fees to the nearest $5 increment. ‘‘(d) A
MENDMENTS TO SCHEDULE .—In addi- tion to the adjustments required by sub-section (c), the Commission shall by rule amend the schedule of regulatory fees estab-lished under this section if the Commission determines that the schedule requires amendment so that such fees reflect the full- time equivalent number of employees within the bureaus and offices of the Commission, adjusted to take into account factors that are reasonably related to the benefits pro-vided to the payor of the fee by the Commis-sion’s activities. In making an amendment under this subsection, the Commission may not change the total amount of regulatory fees required by subsection (b) to be col-lected in a fiscal year. ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ARTIES TO WHICH FEES ARE NOT APPLI -
CABLE .—The regulatory fees established under this section shall not be applicable to— ‘‘(A) a governmental entity or nonprofit entity; ‘‘(B) an amateur radio operator licensee under part 97 of the Commission’s rules (47 CFR part 97); or ‘‘(C) a noncommercial radio station or non-commercial television station. ‘‘(2) C
OST OF COLLECTION .—If, in the judg-ment of the Commission, the cost of col-lecting a regulatory fee established under this section from a party would exceed the amount collected from such party, the Com-mission may exempt such party from paying such fee. ‘‘(f) D
EPOSIT OF COLLECTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Amounts received from fees authorized by this section shall be de-posited as an offsetting collection in, and credited to, the account through which funds are made available to carry out the activi-ties described in section 6(a). ‘‘(2) D
EPOSIT OF EXCESS COLLECTIONS .—Any regulatory fees collected in excess of the total amount of fees provided for in Appro-priations Acts for a fiscal year shall be de-posited in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States for the sole purpose of deficit reduction.’’. (c) P
ROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO APPLICATION  
ANDREGULATORY FEES.—Title I of the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 9 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9A. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO APPLICA-TION AND REGULATORY FEES. 
‘‘(a) J UDICIAL REVIEW PROHIBITED .—Any ad- justment or amendment to a schedule of fees under subsection (b) or (c) of section 8 or subsection (c) or (d) of section 9 is not sub-ject to judicial review. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Commis-sion shall transmit to Congress notifica-tion— ‘‘(1) of any adjustment under section 8(b) or 9(c) immediately upon the adoption of such adjustment; and ‘‘(2) of any amendment under section 8(c) or 9(d) not later than 90 days before the ef-fective date of such amendment. ‘‘(c) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) P
ENALTIES FOR LATE PAYMENT .—The Commission shall by rule prescribe an addi-tional penalty for late payment of fees under section 8 or 9. Such additional penalty shall be 25 percent of the amount of the fee that was not paid in a timely manner. ‘‘(2) I
NTEREST ON UNPAID FEES AND PEN -
ALTIES .—The Commission shall charge inter-est, at a rate determined under section 3717 of title 31, United States Code, on a fee under section 8 or 9 or an additional penalty under this subsection that is not paid in a timely manner. Such section 3717 shall not other-wise apply with respect to such a fee or pen-alty. ‘‘(3) D
ISMISSAL OF APPLICATIONS OR FIL -
INGS.—The Commission may dismiss any ap-plication or other filing for failure to pay in a timely manner any fee under section 8 or 9 or any interest or additional penalty under this subsection. ‘‘(4) R
EVOCATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to or in lieu of the penalties and dismissals authorized by this subsection, the Commission may revoke any instrument of authorization held by any licensee that has not paid in a timely man-ner a regulatory fee assessed under section 9 or any related interest or penalty. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—Revocation action may be taken by the Commission under this para-graph after notice of the Commission’s in-tent to take such action is sent to the li-censee by registered mail, return receipt re-quested, at the licensee’s last known address. The notice shall provide the licensee at least 30 days to either pay the fee, interest, and any penalty or show cause why the fee, in-terest, or penalty does not apply to the li-censee or should otherwise be waived or pay-ment deferred. ‘‘(C) H
EARING .— ‘‘(i) G
ENERALLY NOT REQUIRED .—A hearing is not required under this paragraph unless the licensee’s response presents a substantial and material question of fact. ‘‘(ii) E
VIDENCE AND BURDENS .—In any case where a hearing is conducted under this paragraph, the hearing shall be based on written evidence only, and the burden of pro-ceeding with the introduction of evidence and the burden of proof shall be on the li-censee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1979 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(iii) C OSTS.—Unless the licensee substan-tially prevails in the hearing, the Commis-sion may assess the licensee for the costs of such hearing. ‘‘(D) O
PPORTUNITY TO PAY PRIOR TO REVOCA -
TION.—Any Commission order adopted under this paragraph shall determine the amount due, if any, and provide the licensee with at least 30 days to pay that amount or have its authorization revoked. ‘‘(E) F
INALITY .—No order of revocation under this paragraph shall become final until the licensee has exhausted its right to judi-cial review of such order under section 402(b)(5). ‘‘(d) W
AIVER , R EDUCTION , AND D
EFERMENT .—The Commission may waive, reduce, or defer payment of a fee under sec-tion 8 or 9 or an interest charge or penalty under this section in any specific instance for good cause shown, where such action would promote the public interest. ‘‘(e) P
AYMENT RULES .—The Commission shall by rule permit payment— ‘‘(1) in the case of fees under section 8 or 9 in large amounts, by installments; and ‘‘(2) in the case of fees under section 8 or 9 in small amounts, in advance for a number of years not to exceed the term of the license held by the payor. ‘‘(f) A
CCOUNTING SYSTEM .—The Commission shall develop accounting systems necessary to make the amendments authorized by sec-tions 8(c) and 9(d).’’. (d) T
RANSITIONAL RULES .— (1) A
PPLICATION FEES .—An application fee established under section 8 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934, as such section is in ef-fect on the day before the effective date de-scribed in section 103 of this title, shall re-main in effect under section 8 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934, as amended by sub-section (a) of this section, until such time as the Commission adjusts or amends such fee under subsection (b) or (c) of such section 8, as so amended. (2) R
EGULATORY FEES .—A regulatory fee es-tablished under section 9 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934, as such section is in effect on the day before the effective date described in section 103 of this title, shall remain in ef-fect under section 9 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, until such time as the Commis-sion adjusts or amends such fee under sub-section (c) or (d) of such section 9, as so amended. (e) R
ULEMAKING TOAMEND SCHEDULE OF  R
EGULATORY FEES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date described in section 103 of this title, the Commission shall complete a rulemaking proceeding under subsection (d) of section 9 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended by subsection (b) of this section. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—If the Commis-sion has not completed the rulemaking pro-ceeding required by paragraph (1) by the date that is 6 months after the effective date de-scribed in section 103 of this title, the Com-mission shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of such rulemaking proceeding. 
SEC. 103. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect on October 1, 2018. TITLE II—APPLICATION OF ANTIDEFICIENCY ACT 
SEC. 201. APPLICATION OF ANTIDEFICIENCY ACT TO UNIVERSAL SERVICE PROGRAM. 
Section 302 of Public Law 108–494 (118 Stat. 3998) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. TITLE III—SECURING ACCESS TO NETWORKS IN DISASTERS SEC. 301. STUDY ON NETWORK RESILIENCY. 
Not later than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress, and make publically available on the Commission’s website, a study on the public safety benefits and tech-nical feasibility and cost of— (1) making telecommunications service provider-owned WiFi access points, and other communications technologies operating on unlicensed spectrum, available to the gen-eral public for access to 9–1–1 services, with-out requiring any login credentials, during times of emergency when mobile service is unavailable; (2) the provision by non-telecommuni-cations service provider-owned WiFi access points of public access to 9–1–1 services dur-ing times of emergency when mobile service is unavailable; and (3) other alternative means of providing the public with access to 9–1–1 services dur-ing times of emergency when mobile service is unavailable. 
SEC. 302. ACCESS TO ESSENTIAL SERVICE PRO-VIDERS DURING FEDERALLY DE-CLARED EMERGENCIES. 
Section 427(a) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189e(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tele-communications service’’ and inserting ‘‘wireline or mobile telephone service, Inter-net access service, radio or television broad-casting, cable service, or direct broadcast satellite service’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (E) as clauses (i) through (v), respec-tively; and (D) by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘(B) is a tower owner or operator;’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘(1) provides’’ and inserting ‘‘(1)(A) provides’’. 
SEC. 303. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this title— (1) the term ‘‘mobile service’’ means com-mercial mobile service (as defined in section 332 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332)) or commercial mobile data serv-ice (as defined in section 6001 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1401)); (2) the term ‘‘WiFi access point’’ means wireless Internet access using the standard designated as 802.11 or any variant thereof; and (3) the term ‘‘times of emergency’’ means either an emergency as defined in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122), or an emergency as declared by the governor of a State or territory of the United States. TITLE IV—FCC CONSOLIDATED REPORTING 
SEC. 401. COMMUNICATIONS MARKETPLACE RE-PORT. 
Title I of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 13. COMMUNICATIONS MARKETPLACE RE-PORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the last quarter of every even-numbered year, the Commission shall publish on its website and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the state of the communications marketplace. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) assess the state of competition in the communications marketplace, including competition to deliver voice, video, audio, and data services among providers of tele-communications, providers of commercial mobile service (as defined in section 332), multichannel video programming distribu-tors (as defined in section 602), broadcast sta-tions, providers of satellite communications, Internet service providers, and other pro-viders of communications services; ‘‘(2) assess the state of deployment of com-munications capabilities, including advanced telecommunications capability (as defined in section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302)), regardless of the tech-nology used for such deployment; ‘‘(3) assess whether laws, regulations, regu-latory practices (whether those of the Fed-eral Government, States, political subdivi-sions of States, Indian tribes or tribal orga-nizations (as such terms are defined in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), or foreign governments), or demonstrated mar-ketplace practices pose a barrier to competi-tive entry into the communications market-place or to the competitive expansion of ex-isting providers of communications services; ‘‘(4) describe the agenda of the Commission for the next 2-year period for addressing the challenges and opportunities in the commu-nications marketplace that were identified through the assessments under paragraphs (1) through (3); and ‘‘(5) describe the actions that the Commis-sion has taken in pursuit of the agenda de-scribed pursuant to paragraph (4) in the pre-vious report submitted under this section. ‘‘(c) EXTENSION .—If the President des-ignates a Commissioner as Chairman of the Commission during the last quarter of an even-numbered year, the portion of the re-port required by subsection (b)(4) may be published on the website of the Commission and submitted to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate as an addendum during the first quarter of the following odd-numbered year. ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
SSESSING COMPETITION .—In assessing the state of competition under subsection (b)(1), the Commission shall consider all forms of competition, including the effect of intermodal competition, facilities-based competition, and competition from new and emergent communications services, includ-ing the provision of content and communica-tions using the Internet. ‘‘(2) A
SSESSING DEPLOYMENT .—In assessing the state of deployment under subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall compile a list of geographical areas that are not served by any provider of advanced telecommuni-cations capability. ‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERING SMALL BUSINESSES .—In assessing the state of competition under sub-section (b)(1) and regulatory barriers under subsection (b)(3), the Commission shall con-sider market entry barriers for entre-preneurs and other small businesses in the communications marketplace in accordance with the national policy under section 257(b).’’. 
SEC. 402. CONSOLIDATION OF REDUNDANT RE-PORTS; CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) ORBIT A CTREPORT .—Section 646 of the Communications Satellite Act of 1962 (47 U.S.C. 765e; 114 Stat. 57) is repealed. (b) S
ATELLITE COMPETITION REPORT .—Sec- tion 4 of Public Law 109–34 (47 U.S.C. 703) is repealed. (c) I
NTERNATIONAL BROADBAND DATA RE-
PORT .—Section 103(b)(1) of the Broadband Data Improvement Act (47 U.S.C. 1303(b)(1)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1980 March 22, 2018 
is amended by striking ‘‘the assessment and report’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Fed-eral Communications Commission’’ and in-serting ‘‘its report under section 13 of the Communications Act of 1934, the Federal Communications Commission’’. (d) S
TATUS OF COMPETITION IN THE MARKET  
FOR THE DELIVERY OF VIDEO PROGRAMMING  R
EPORT .—Section 628 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 548) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (g); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (g); and (3) by transferring subsection (g) (as redes-ignated) so that it appears after subsection (f). (e) R
EPORT ON CABLE INDUSTRY PRICES .— Section 623(k) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 543(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘annually publish’’ and inserting ‘‘publish with its re-port under section 13’’; and (2) in the heading of paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘
ANNUAL ’’. (f) T
RIENNIAL REPORT IDENTIFYING AND  E
LIMINATING MARKET ENTRY BARRIERS FOR  E
NTREPRENEURS AND OTHER SMALL BUSI-
NESSES .—Section 257 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 257) is amended by striking subsection (c). (g) S
TATE OF COMPETITIVE MARKET CONDI-
TIONS WITHRESPECT TO COMMERCIAL MOBILE  R
ADIO SERVICES .—Section 332(c)(1)(C) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(c)(1)(C)) is amended by striking the first and second sentences. (h) P
REVIOUSLY ELIMINATED ANNUAL RE-
PORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 154) is amend-ed— (A) by striking subsection (k); and (B) by redesignating subsections (l) through (o) as subsections (k) through (n), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 309(j)(8)(B) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B)) is amended by striking the last sentence. (i) A
DDITIONAL OUTDATED REPORTS .—The Communications Act of 1934 is further amended— (1) in section 4— (A) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘and shall furnish notice of such action’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subject of the waiver’’; and (B) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph (2); (2) in section 215— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); (3) in section 227(e), by striking paragraph (4); (4) in section 309(j)— (A) by striking paragraph (12); and (B) in paragraph (15)(C), by striking clause (iv); (5) in section 331(b), by striking the last sentence; (6) in section 336(e), by amending para-graph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—The Commission shall annu-ally advise the Congress on the amounts col-lected pursuant to the program required by this subsection.’’; (7) in section 339(c), by striking paragraph (1); (8) in section 396— (A) by striking subsection (i); (B) in subsection (k)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (F); and (ii) in paragraph (3)(B)(iii), by striking sub-clause (V); (C) in subsection (l)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘shall be included’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The audit report’’; and (D) by striking subsection (m); (9) in section 398(b)(4), by striking the third sentence; (10) in section 624A(b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘REPORT ; REGULATIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EGULATIONS ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after’’ and all that follows through ‘‘on means of assur-ing’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission shall issue such regulations as are necessary to as-sure’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Within 180 days after’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to assure such compatibility.’’; and (11) in section 713, by striking subsection (a). 
SEC. 403. EFFECT ON AUTHORITY. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title shall be construed to ex-pand or contract the authority of the Com-mission. 
SEC. 404. OTHER REPORTS. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title shall be construed to pro-hibit or otherwise prevent the Commission from producing any additional reports other-wise within the authority of the Commis-sion. TITLE V—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. INDEPENDENT INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR FCC. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in section 8G(a)(2), by striking ‘‘the Federal Communications Commission,’’; and (2) in section 12— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the Federal Communications Commission,’’ after ‘‘the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the Fed-eral Communications Commission,’’ after ‘‘the Environmental Protection Agency,’’. (b) T
RANSITION RULE.—An individual serv-ing as Inspector General of the Commission on the date of the enactment of this Act pur-suant to an appointment made under section 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)— (1) may continue so serving until the Presi-dent makes an appointment under section 3(a) of such Act with respect to the Commis-sion consistent with the amendments made by subsection (a); and (2) shall, while serving under paragraph (1), remain subject to the provisions of section 8G of such Act which, immediately before the date of the enactment of this Act, ap-plied with respect to the Inspector General of the Commission and suffer no reduction in pay. 
SEC. 502. AUTHORITY OF CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall en-sure that the Chief Information Officer of the Commission has a significant role in— (1) the decision-making process for annual and multi-year planning, programming, budgeting, and execution decisions, related reporting requirements, and reports related to information technology; (2) the management, governance, and over-sight processes related to information tech-nology; and (3) the hiring of personnel with informa-tion technology responsibilities. (b) CIO A
PPROVAL .—The Chief Information Officer of the Commission, in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the Com-mission and budget officials, shall specify and approve the allocation of amounts ap-propriated to the Commission for informa-tion technology, consistent with the provi-sions of appropriations Acts, budget guide-lines, and recommendations from the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget. SEC. 503. SPOOFING PREVENTION. 
(a) E XPANDING AND CLARIFYING PROHIBITION  
ONMISLEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDEN-
TIFICATION INFORMATION .— (1) C
OMMUNICATIONS FROM OUTSIDE THE  
UNITED STATES .—Section 227(e)(1) of the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘in connection with any telecommunications service or IP-en-abled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘or any person outside the United States if the re-cipient is within the United States, in con-nection with any voice service or text mes-saging service’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF TEXT MESSAGES AND VOICE  
SERVICES .—Section 227(e)(8) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(8)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tele-communications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; (B) in the first sentence of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘telecommunications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) T
EXT MESSAGE .—The term ‘text mes-sage’— ‘‘(i) means a message consisting of text, images, sounds, or other information that is transmitted to or from a device that is iden-tified as the receiving or transmitting device by means of a 10-digit telephone number or N11 service code; ‘‘(ii) includes a short message service (commonly referred to as ‘SMS’) message and a multimedia message service (com-monly referred to as ‘MMS’) message; and ‘‘(iii) does not include— ‘‘(I) a real-time, two-way voice or video communication; or ‘‘(II) a message sent over an IP-enabled messaging service to another user of the same messaging service, except a message described in clause (ii). ‘‘(D) T
EXT MESSAGING SERVICE .—The term ‘text messaging service’ means a service that enables the transmission or receipt of a text message, including a service provided as part of or in connection with a voice service. ‘‘(E) V
OICE SERVICE .—The term ‘voice serv-ice’— ‘‘(i) means any service that is inter-connected with the public switched tele-phone network and that furnishes voice com-munications to an end user using resources from the North American Numbering Plan or any successor to the North American Num-bering Plan adopted by the Commission under section 251(e)(1); and ‘‘(ii) includes transmissions from a tele-phone facsimile machine, computer, or other device to a telephone facsimile machine.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 227(e) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)) is amended in the heading by insert-ing ‘‘M
ISLEADING OR ’’ before ‘‘I NACCURATE ’’. (4) R
EGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 227(e)(3)(A) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the date of enact-ment of the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2009, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Com-mission’’. (B) D
EADLINE .—The Commission shall pre-scribe regulations to implement the amend-ments made by this subsection not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date that is 6 months after the date on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1981 March 22, 2018 
which the Commission prescribes regulations under paragraph (4). (b) C
ONSUMER EDUCATION MATERIALS ON  H
OWTOAVOID SCAMS THATRELYUPONMIS-
LEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDENTIFICA -
TION INFORMATION .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OF MATERIALS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission, in coordination with the Federal Trade Commission, shall develop consumer education materials that provide information about— (A) ways for consumers to identify scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information; and (B) existing technologies, if any, that a consumer can use to protect against such scams and other fraudulent activity. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In developing the consumer education materials under paragraph (1), the Commission shall— (A) identify existing technologies, if any, that can help consumers guard themselves against scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inac-curate caller identification information, in-cluding— (i) descriptions of how a consumer can use the technologies to protect against such scams and other fraudulent activity; and (ii) details on how consumers can access and use the technologies; and (B) provide other information that may help consumers identify and avoid scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identi-fication information. (3) U
PDATES .—The Commission shall en-sure that the consumer education materials required under paragraph (1) are updated on a regular basis. (4) W
EBSITE .—The Commission shall in-clude the consumer education materials de-veloped under paragraph (1) on its website. (c) GAO R
EPORT ON COMBATING THE FRAUD -
ULENT PROVISION OF MISLEADING OR INAC-
CURATE CALLER IDENTIFICATION INFORMA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the actions the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission have taken to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or inac-curate caller identification information, and the additional measures that could be taken to combat such activity. (2) R
EQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS .—In con- ducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall examine— (A) trends in the types of scams that rely on misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information; (B) previous and current enforcement ac-tions by the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission to combat the practices prohibited by section 227(e)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)); (C) current efforts by industry groups and other entities to develop technical standards to deter or prevent the fraudulent provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information, and how such standards may help combat the current and future pro-vision of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information; and (D) whether there are additional actions the Commission, the Federal Trade Commis-sion, and Congress should take to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or in-accurate caller identification information. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings of the study under paragraph (1), including any rec-ommendations regarding combating the fraudulent provision of misleading or inac-curate caller identification information. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed to modify, limit, or otherwise affect any rule or order adopted by the Commission in connection with— (1) the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–243; 105 Stat. 2394) or the amendments made by that Act; or (2) the CAN–SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.). 
SEC. 504. REPORT ON PROMOTING BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE FOR VETERANS. 
(a) V ETERAN DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Con-gress a report on promoting broadband Inter-net access service for veterans, in particular low-income veterans and veterans residing in rural areas. In such report, the Commission shall— (1) examine such access and how to pro-mote such access; and (2) provide findings and recommendations for Congress with respect to such access and how to promote such access. (c) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY TO C
OMMENT .—In preparing the report required by subsection (b), the Commission shall pro-vide the public with notice and an oppor-tunity to comment on broadband Internet access service for veterans, in particular low-income veterans and veterans residing in rural areas, and how to promote such access. 
SEC. 505. METHODOLOGY FOR COLLECTION OF MOBILE SERVICE COVERAGE DATA. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘commercial mobile data serv-ice’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 6001 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1401); (2) the term ‘‘commercial mobile service’’ has the meaning given the term in section 332(d) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(d)); (3) the term ‘‘coverage data’’ means, if commercial mobile service or commercial mobile data service is available, general in-formation about the service, which may in-clude available speed tiers, radio frequency signal levels, and network and performance characteristics; and (4) the term ‘‘Universal Service program’’ means the universal service support mecha-nisms established under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254) and the regulations issued under that sec-tion. (b) M
ETHODOLOGY ESTABLISHED .—Not later than 180 days after the conclusion of the Mo-bility Fund Phase II Auction, the Commis-sion shall promulgate regulations to estab-lish a methodology that shall apply to the collection of coverage data by the Commis-sion for the purposes of— (1) the Universal Service program; or (2) any other similar program. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The methodology es-tablished under subsection (b) shall— (1) contain standard definitions for dif-ferent available technologies such as 2G, 3G, 4G, and 4G LTE; (2) enhance the consistency and robustness of how the data are collected by different parties; (3) improve the validity and reliability of coverage data; and (4) increase the efficiency of coverage data collection. SEC. 506. ACCURACY OF DISPATCHABLE LOCA-TION FOR 9–1–1 CALLS. 
(a) P ROCEEDING REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall conclude a proceeding to consider adopting rules to en-sure that the dispatchable location is con-veyed with a 9–1–1 call, regardless of the technological platform used and including with calls from multi-line telephone systems (as defined in section 6502 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1471)). (b) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PROCEEDINGS .— In conducting the proceeding required by subsection (a), the Commission may consider information and conclusions from other Commission proceedings regarding the accu-racy of the dispatchable location for a 9–1–1 call, but nothing in this section shall be con-strued to require the Commission to recon-sider any information or conclusion from a proceeding regarding the accuracy of the dispatchable location for a 9–1–1 call in which the Commission has adopted rules or issued an order before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) 9–1–1 
CALL .—The term ‘‘9–1–1 call’’ means a voice call that is placed, or a mes-sage that is sent by other means of commu-nication, to a public safety answering point (as defined in section 222 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 222)) for the pur-pose of requesting emergency services. (2) D
ISPATCHABLE LOCATION .—The term ‘‘dispatchable location’’ means the street ad-dress of the calling party, and additional in-formation such as room number, floor num-ber, or similar information necessary to ade-quately identify the location of the calling party. 
SEC. 507. NTIA STUDY ON INTERAGENCY PROC-ESS FOLLOWING CYBERSECURITY INCIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Infor-mation shall complete a study on how the National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration can best coordinate the interagency process following cybersecurity incidents. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detail-ing the findings and recommendations of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 508. TRIBAL DIGITAL ACCESS. 
(a) T RIBAL BROADBAND DATAREPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report evaluating broadband cov-erage in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) and on land held by a Native Corporation pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act. (2) R
EQUIRED ASSESSMENTS .—The report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of areas of Indian coun-try (as so defined) and land held by a Native Corporation pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act that have adequate broadband coverage. (B) An assessment of unserved areas of In-dian country (as so defined) and land held by a Native Corporation pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act. (b) T
RIBAL BROADBAND PROCEEDING .—Not later than 30 months after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1982 March 22, 2018 
complete a proceeding to address the unserved areas identified in the report under subsection (a). 
SEC. 509. TERMS OF OFFICE AND VACANCIES. 
Section 4(c) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 154(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) A commissioner— ‘‘(A) shall be appointed for a term of 5 years; ‘‘(B) except as provided in subparagraph (C), may continue to serve after the expira-tion of the fixed term of office of the com-missioner until a successor is appointed and has been confirmed and taken the oath of of-fice; and ‘‘(C) may not continue to serve after the expiration of the session of Congress that be-gins after the expiration of the fixed term of office of the commissioner. ‘‘(2) Any person chosen to fill a vacancy in the Commission— ‘‘(A) shall be appointed for the unexpired term of the commissioner that the person succeeds; ‘‘(B) except as provided in subparagraph (C), may continue to serve after the expira-tion of the fixed term of office of the com-missioner that the person succeeds until a successor is appointed and has been con-firmed and taken the oath of office; and ‘‘(C) may not continue to serve after the expiration of the session of Congress that be-gins after the expiration of the fixed term of office of the commissioner that the person succeeds. ‘‘(3) No vacancy in the Commission shall impair the right of the remaining commis-sioners to exercise all the powers of the Com-mission.’’. 
SEC. 510. JOINT BOARD RECOMMENDATION. 
The Commission may not modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for uni-versal service support payments to imple-ment the February 27, 2004, recommenda-tions of the Federal-State Joint Board on Universal Service regarding single connec-tion or primary line restrictions on universal service support payments. 
SEC. 511. DISCLAIMER FOR PRESS RELEASES RE-GARDING NOTICES OF APPARENT LI-ABILITY. 
The Commission shall include in any press release regarding the issuance of a notice of apparent liability under section 503(b)(4) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 503(b)(4)) a disclaimer informing consumers that— (1) the issuance of a notice of apparent li-ability should be treated only as allegations; and (2) the amount of any forfeiture penalty proposed in a notice of apparent liability represents the maximum penalty that the Commission may impose for the violations alleged in the notice of apparent liability. 
SEC. 512. REPORTS RELATED TO SPECTRUM AUC-TIONS. 
(a) E STIMATE OF UPCOMING AUCTIONS .—Sec- tion 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(18) E
STIMATE OF UPCOMING AUCTIONS .— ‘‘(A) Not later than September 30, 2018, and annually thereafter, the Commission shall make publicly available an estimate of what systems of competitive bidding authorized under this subsection may be initiated dur-ing the upcoming 12-month period. ‘‘(B) The estimate under subparagraph (A) shall, to the extent possible, identify the bands of frequencies the Commission expects to be included in each such system of com-petitive bidding.’’. (b) A
UCTION EXPENDITURE JUSTIFICATION  R
EPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Commission shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing a detailed jus-tification for the use of proceeds retained by the Commission under section 309(j)(8)(B) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B)) for the costs of developing and implementing the program required by sec-tion 309(j) of that Act. (c) DEFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. TITLE VI—MOBILE NOW 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Making Op-portunities for Broadband Investment and Limiting Excessive and Needless Obstacles to Wireless Act’’ or the ‘‘MOBILE NOW Act’’. 
SEC. 602. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (C) each committee of the Senate or of the House of Representatives with jurisdiction over a Federal entity affected by the applica-ble section in which the term appears. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Com-mission. (3) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal entity’’ has the meaning given the term in section 113(l) of the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration Or-ganization Act (47 U.S.C. 923(l)). (4) NTIA.—The term ‘‘NTIA’’ means the National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration of the Department of Commerce. (5) OMB.—The term ‘‘OMB’’ means the Of-fice of Management and Budget. (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. 
SEC. 603. IDENTIFYING 255 MEGAHERTZ. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2022, the Secretary, working through the NTIA, and the Commission shall identify a total of at least 255 megahertz of Federal and non-Federal spectrum for mobile and fixed wireless broadband use. (2) U
NLICENSED AND LICENSED USE .—Of the spectrum identified under paragraph (1), not less than— (A) 100 megahertz below the frequency of 8000 megahertz shall be identified for use on an unlicensed basis; (B) 100 megahertz below the frequency of 6000 megahertz shall be identified for use on an exclusive, licensed basis for commercial mobile use, pursuant to the Commission’s authority to implement such licensing in a flexible manner, and subject to potential continued use of such spectrum by incum-bent Federal entities in designated geo-graphic areas indefinitely or for such length of time stipulated in transition plans ap-proved by the Technical Panel under section 113(h) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organiza-tion Act (47 U.S.C. 923(h)) for those incum-bent entities to be relocated to alternate spectrum; and (C) 55 megahertz below the frequency of 8000 megahertz shall be identified for use on either a licensed or unlicensed basis, or a combination of licensed and unlicensed. (3) NON-ELIGIBLE SPECTRUM .—For purposes of satisfying the requirement under para-graph (1), the following spectrum shall not be counted: (A) The frequencies between 1695 and 1710 megahertz. (B) The frequencies between 1755 and 1780 megahertz. (C) The frequencies between 2155 and 2180 megahertz. (D) The frequencies between 3550 and 3700 megahertz. (E) Spectrum that the Commission deter-mines had more than de minimis mobile or fixed wireless broadband operations within the band on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act. (4) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN OTHER SPEC -
TRUM .—Spectrum identified pursuant to this section may include eligible spectrum, if any, identified after the date of enactment of this Act pursuant to title X of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74). (5) S
PECTRUM MADE AVAILABLE ON AND  
AFTER FEBRUARY 11, 2016.—Any spectrum that has been made available for licensed or unlicensed use on and after February 11, 2016, and that otherwise satisfies the require-ments of this section may be counted to-wards the requirements of this subsection. (6) R
ELOCATION PRIORITIZED OVER SHAR -
ING.—This section shall be carried out in ac-cordance with section 113(j) of the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 923(j)). (7) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In identifying spec-trum for use under this section, the Sec-retary, working through the NTIA, and Com-mission shall consider— (A) the need to preserve critical existing and planned Federal Government capabili-ties; (B) the impact on existing State, local, and tribal government capabilities; (C) the international implications; (D) the need for appropriate enforcement mechanisms and authorities; and (E) the importance of the deployment of wireless broadband services in rural areas of the United States. (b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed— (1) to impair or otherwise affect the func-tions of the Director of OMB relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals; (2) to require the disclosure of classified in-formation, law enforcement sensitive infor-mation, or other information that must be protected in the interest of national secu-rity; or (3) to affect any requirement under section 156 of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 921 note), as added by section 1062(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000, or any other rel-evant statutory requirement applicable to the reallocation of Federal spectrum. 
SEC. 604. MILLIMETER WAVE SPECTRUM. 
(a) FCC P ROCEEDING .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall publish a notice of proposed rulemaking to consider service rules to authorize mobile or fixed terrestrial wireless operations, including for advanced mobile service operations, in the radio fre-quency band between 42000 and 42500 mega-hertz. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a rule-making under subsection (a), the Commis-sion shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1983 March 22, 2018 
(1) consider how the band described in sub-section (a) may be used to provide commer-cial wireless broadband service, including whether— (A) such spectrum may be best used for li-censed or unlicensed services, or some com-bination thereof; and (B) to permit additional licensed oper-ations in such band on a shared basis; and (2) include technical characteristics under which the band described in subsection (a) may be employed for mobile or fixed terres-trial wireless operations, including any ap-propriate coexistence requirements. (c) S
PECTRUM MADE AVAILABLE ON AND  A
FTER FEBRUARY 11, 2016.—Any spectrum that has been made available for licensed or unlicensed use on or after February 11, 2016, and that otherwise satisfies the require-ments of section 603 of this title may be counted towards the requirements of section 603(a) of this title. 
SEC. 605. 3 GIGAHERTZ SPECTRUM. 
(a) B ETWEEN 3100 M EGAHERTZ AND 3550 M
EGAHERTZ .—Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and in consultation with the Commission and the head of each affected Federal agency (or a designee thereof), the Secretary, working through the NTIA, shall submit to the Com-mission and the appropriate committees of Congress a report evaluating the feasibility of allowing commercial wireless services, li-censed or unlicensed, to share use of the fre-quencies between 3100 megahertz and 3550 megahertz. (b) B
ETWEEN 3700 M EGAHERTZ AND 4200 M
EGAHERTZ .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, after no-tice and an opportunity for public comment, and in consultation with the Secretary, working through the NTIA, and the head of each affected Federal agency (or a designee thereof), the Commission shall submit to the Secretary and the appropriate committees of Congress a report evaluating the feasibility of allowing commercial wireless services, li-censed or unlicensed, to use or share use of the frequencies between 3700 megahertz and 4200 megahertz. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A report under sub-section (a) or (b) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the operations of Fed-eral entities that operate Federal Govern-ment stations authorized to use the fre-quencies described in that subsection. (2) An assessment of the possible impacts of such sharing on Federal and non-Federal users already operating on the frequencies described in that subsection. (3) The criteria that may be necessary to ensure shared licensed or unlicensed services would not cause harmful interference to Fed-eral or non-Federal users already operating in the frequencies described in that sub-section. (4) If such sharing is feasible, an identifica-tion of which of the frequencies described in that subsection are most suitable for sharing with commercial wireless services through the assignment of new licenses by competi-tive bidding, for sharing with unlicensed op-erations, or through a combination of licens-ing and unlicensed operations. (d) C
OMMISSION ACTION .—The Commission, in consultation with the NTIA, shall seek public comment on the reports required under subsections (a) and (b), including re-garding the bands identified in such report as feasible pursuant to subsection (c)(4). 
SEC. 606. COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES DEPLOY-MENT ON FEDERAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6409 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455) is amended by striking sub-sections (b), (c), and (d) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) FEDERAL EASEMENTS , RIGHTS -OF-WAY, 
ANDLEASES .— ‘‘(1) G
RANT .—If an executive agency, a State, a political subdivision or agency of a State, or a person, firm, or organization ap-plies for the grant of an easement, right-of- way, or lease to, in, over, or on a building or other property owned by the Federal Govern-ment for the right to install, construct, mod-ify, or maintain a communications facility installation, the executive agency having control of the building or other property may grant to the applicant, on behalf of the Federal Government, subject to paragraph (3), an easement, right-of-way, or lease to perform such installation, construction, modification, or maintenance. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall develop a common form for applications for easements, rights- of-way, and leases under paragraph (1) for all executive agencies that, except as provided in subparagraph (B), shall be used by all ex-ecutive agencies and applicants with respect to the buildings or other property of each such agency. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement under subparagraph (A) for an executive agency to use the common form developed by the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall not apply to an executive agency if the head of an executive agency notifies the Adminis-trator that the executive agency uses a sub-stantially similar application. ‘‘(3) T
IMELY CONSIDERATION OF APPLICA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date on which an executive agency receives a duly filed application for an ease-ment, right-of-way, or lease under this sub-section, the executive agency shall— ‘‘(i) grant or deny, on behalf of the Federal Government, the application; and ‘‘(ii) notify the applicant of the grant or denial. ‘‘(B) E
XPLANATION OF DENIAL .—If an execu-tive agency denies an application under sub-paragraph (A), the executive agency shall no-tify the applicant in writing, including a clear statement of the reasons for the denial. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
LAWS .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to relieve an executive agency of the requirements of division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, or the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(D) P
OINT OF CONTACT .—Upon receiving an application under subparagraph (A), an exec-utive agency shall designate one or more ap-propriate individuals within the executive agency to act as a point of contact with the applicant. ‘‘(c) M
ASTER CONTRACTS FOR COMMUNICA -
TIONS FACILITY INSTALLATION SITINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 704 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–104; 110 Stat. 151) or any other provision of law, the Administrator of General Services shall— ‘‘(A) develop one or more master contracts that shall govern the placement of commu-nications facility installations on buildings and other property owned by the Federal Government; and ‘‘(B) in developing the master contract or contracts, standardize the treatment of the placement of communications facility instal-lations on building rooftops or facades, the placement of communications facility instal-lations on rooftops or inside buildings, the technology used in connection with commu-nications facility installations placed on Federal buildings and other property, and any other key issues the Administrator of General Services considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .—The master contract or contracts developed by the Administrator of General Services under paragraph (1) shall apply to all publicly accessible buildings and other property owned by the Federal Govern-ment, unless the Administrator of General Services decides that issues with respect to the siting of a communications facility in-stallation on a specific building or other property warrant nonstandard treatment of such building or other property. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall develop a common form or set of forms for communications fa-cility installation siting applications that, except as provided in subparagraph (B), shall be used by all executive agencies and appli-cants with respect to the buildings and other property of each such agency. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement under subparagraph (A) for an executive agency to use the common form or set of forms devel-oped by the Administrator of General Serv-ices shall not apply to an executive agency if the head of the executive agency notifies the Administrator that the executive agency uses a substantially similar application. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OMMUNICATIONS FACILITY INSTALLA -
TION.—The term ‘communications facility in-stallation’ includes— ‘‘(A) any infrastructure, including any transmitting device, tower, or support struc-ture, and any equipment, switches, wiring, cabling, power sources, shelters, or cabinets, associated with the licensed or permitted un-licensed wireless or wireline transmission of writings, signs, signals, data, images, pic-tures, and sounds of all kinds; and ‘‘(B) any antenna or apparatus that— ‘‘(i) is designed for the purpose of emitting radio frequency; ‘‘(ii) is designed to be operated, or is oper-ating, from a fixed location pursuant to au-thorization by the Federal Communications Commission or is using duly authorized de-vices that do not require individual licenses; and ‘‘(iii) is added to a tower, building, or other structure. ‘‘(2) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘execu-tive agency’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code.’’. (b) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—An application for an easement, right-of-way, or lease that was made or granted under section 6409 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455) before the date of enactment of this Act shall continue, subject to that section as in effect on the day before such date of enactment. (c) S
TREAMLINING BROADBAND FACILITY AP-
PLICATIONS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY  
INSTALLATION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘communications facility installation’’ has the meaning given the term in section 6409(d) of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Cre-ation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455(d)), as amended by subsection (a). (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the NTIA, in coordination with the Department of the Interior, the Department of Agri-culture, the Department of Defense, the De-partment of Transportation, OMB, and the General Services Administration, shall de-velop recommendations to streamline the process for considering applications by those agencies under section 6409(b) of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455(b)), as amended by subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1984 March 22, 2018 
(B) R EQUIREMENTS FOR RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—The recommendations developed under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) procedures for the tracking of applica-tions described in subparagraph (A); (ii) methods by which to reduce the amount of time between the receipt of an ap-plication and the issuance of a final decision on an application; (iii) policies to expedite renewals of an easement, license, or other authorization to locate communications facility installations on land managed by the agencies described in subparagraph (A); and (iv) policies that would prioritize or streamline a permit for construction in a previously-disturbed right-of-way. (C) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the rec-ommendations required under subparagraph (A) are developed, the NTIA shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes— (i) the status of the implementation of the recommendations developed under subpara-graph (A); and (ii) any improvements to the process for considering applications described in sub-paragraph (A) that have resulted from those recommendations, including in particular the speed at which such applications are re-viewed and a final determination is issued. (d) A
DDITIONAL SAVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) R
EAL PROPERTY AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed as providing any executive agency with any new leasing or other real property authorities not exist-ing prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, and no actions taken pursuant to this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall impact a decision or deter-mination by any executive agency to sell, dispose of, declare excess or surplus, lease, reuse, or redevelop any Federal real property pursuant to title 40, United States Code, the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), or any other law gov-erning real property activities of the Federal Government. No agreement entered into pur-suant to this section, or the amendments made by this section, may obligate the Fed-eral Government to hold, control, or other-wise retain or use real property that may otherwise be deemed as excess, surplus, or that could be otherwise sold, leased, or rede-veloped. 
SEC. 607. BROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE DE-PLOYMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE STATE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘appropriate State agency’’ means a State governmental agency that is recognized by the executive branch of the State as having the experience necessary to evaluate and carry out projects relating to the proper and effective installation and operation of broadband infrastructure. (2) B
ROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘‘broadband infrastructure’’ means any bur-ied, underground, or aerial facility, and any wireless or wireline connection, that enables users to send and receive voice, video, data, graphics, or any combination thereof. (3) BROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE ENTITY .— The term ‘‘broadband infrastructure entity’’ means any entity that— (A) installs, owns, or operates broadband infrastructure; and (B) provides broadband services in a man-ner consistent with the public interest, con-venience, and necessity, as determined by the State. (4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— (A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; and (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. (b) B
ROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE DEPLOY -
MENT .—To facilitate the installation of broadband infrastructure, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate regulations to ensure that each State that receives funds under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, meets the following requirements: (1) B
ROADBAND CONSULTATION .—The State department of transportation, in consulta-tion with appropriate State agencies, shall— (A) identify a broadband utility coordi-nator, that may have additional responsibil-ities, whether in the State department of transportation or in another State agency, that is responsible for facilitating the broadband infrastructure right-of-way ef-forts within the State; (B) establish a process for the registration of broadband infrastructure entities that seek to be included in those broadband infra-structure right-of-way facilitation efforts within the State; (C) establish a process to electronically no-tify broadband infrastructure entities identi-fied under subparagraph (B) of the State transportation improvement program on an annual basis and provide additional notifica-tions as necessary to achieve the goals of this section; and (D) coordinate initiatives carried out under this section with other statewide tele-communication and broadband plans and State and local transportation and land use plans, including strategies to minimize re-peated excavations that involve the installa-tion of broadband infrastructure in a right- of-way. (2) P
RIORITY .—If a State chooses to provide for the installation of broadband infrastruc-ture in the right-of-way of an applicable Fed-eral-aid highway project under this sub-section, the State department of transpor-tation shall carry out any appropriate meas-ures to ensure that any existing broadband infrastructure entities are not disadvan-taged, as compared to other broadband infra-structure entities, with respect to the pro-gram under this subsection. (c) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—This section ap-plies only to activities for which Federal ob-ligations or expenditures are initially ap-proved on or after the date regulations under subsection (b) become effective. Nothing in this section establishes a mandate or re-quirement that a State install or allow the installation of broadband infrastructure in a highway right-of-way. Nothing in this sec-tion authorizes the Secretary of Transpor-tation to withhold or reserve funds or ap-proval of a project under title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 608. COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES INSTAL-LATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 21 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) The ability of the Federal real prop-erty to support a communications facility installation.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF COMMUNICATIONS FACIL-
ITYINSTALLATION .—In this section, the term ‘communications facility installation’ means— ‘‘(1) any infrastructure, including any transmitting device, tower, or support struc-ture, and any equipment, switches, wiring, cabling, power sources, shelters, or cabinets associated with the licensed or permitted un-licensed wireless or wireline transmission of writings, signs, signals, data, images, pic-tures, and sounds of any kind; and ‘‘(2) any antenna or apparatus that— ‘‘(A) is designed for the purpose of emitting radio frequency; ‘‘(B) is designed to be operated, or is oper-ating, from a fixed location pursuant to au-thorization by the Federal Communications Commission or is using duly authorized de-vices that do not require individual licenses; and ‘‘(C) is added to a tower, building, or other structure.’’. (b) PUBLIC COMMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall issue a notice for public comment regarding the inclusion of a communications facility installation under section 21 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note), as amended by subsection (a) of this section. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In seeking public comment under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall include a request for recommendations on— (A) the criteria that make Federal real property capable of supporting communica-tions facility installations; (B) the types of information related to the Federal real property that should be in-cluded in the database; and (C) other matters that the Administrator determines necessary. (c) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the period for public comment under subsection (b)(1) ends, the Administrator of General Services shall notify the head of each Executive agency of the manner and format for submitting such information as the Administrator determines appropriate to the database established under section 21 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note), as amended by sub-section (a) of this section. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the notification under para-graph (1), the head of an Executive agency shall submit the information required under paragraph (1). (d) S
TATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services, in consultation with the Chairman of the Commission, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information, the Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology, and the Director of OMB, shall study— (A) how to incentivize State and local gov-ernments to provide the Administrator with information, similar to the information re-quired under subsection (c)(1), for inclusion in the database described in that subsection; and (B) the feasibility of establishing or oper-ating a database to which State and local governments can voluntarily submit such in-formation. (2) R
EPORT ON INCENTIVIZING PARTICIPATION  
BY STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services, in con-sultation with the Chairman of the Commis-sion, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information, the Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology, and the Director of OMB, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1985 March 22, 2018 
shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the findings of the study under paragraph (1), including rec-ommendations, if any, consistent with this section. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Administrator of General Services, in preparing the report under subparagraph (A), shall— (i) consult with State and local govern-ments, or their representatives, to identify for inclusion in the report the most cost-ef-fective options for State and local govern-ments to collect and provide the information described in paragraph (1), including uti-lizing and leveraging State broadband initia-tives and programs; and (ii) make recommendations on ways the Federal Government can assist State and local governments in collecting and pro-viding the information described in para-graph (1). (e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) R
EAL PROPERTY AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section, or an amendment made by this section, shall be construed as providing any Executive agency with any new leasing or other real property authority that did not exist prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this section, or an amendment made by this section, and no information submitted pur-suant to this section, or pursuant to an amendment made by this section, shall be used to prevent or otherwise restrict a deci-sion or determination by any Executive agency to sell, dispose of, declare excess or surplus, lease, reuse or redevelop any Fed-eral real property pursuant to— (A) title 40 of the United States Code; (B) the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note); or (C) any other law governing real property activities of the Federal Government. 
SEC. 609. REALLOCATION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Com-munications and Information, in consulta-tion with the Commission, the Director of OMB, and the head of each affected Federal agency (or a designee thereof), after notice and an opportunity for public comment, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes legislative or regulatory recommendations to incentivize a Federal entity to relinquish, or share with Federal or non-Federal users, Federal spectrum for the purpose of allowing commercial wireless broadband services to operate on that Federal spectrum. (b) P
OST-AUCTION PAYMENTS .— (1) R
EPORT .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Informa-tion shall— (A) consider whether permitting eligible Federal entities that are implementing a transition plan submitted under section 113(h) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organiza-tion Act (47 U.S.C. 923(h)) to accept pay-ments could result in access to the eligible frequencies that are being reallocated for ex-clusive non-Federal use or shared use sooner than would otherwise occur without such payments; and (B) include the findings under subpara-graph (A), including the analysis under para-graph (2) and any recommendations for legis-lation, in the report. (2) ANALYSIS .—In considering payments under paragraph (1)(A), the Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Communications and Information shall conduct an analysis of whether and how such payments would af-fect— (A) bidding in auctions conducted under section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)) of such eligible fre-quencies; and (B) receipts collected from the auctions de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) P
AYMENT .—The term ‘‘payment’’ means a payment in cash or in-kind by any auction winner, or any person affiliated with an auction winner, of eligible frequencies during the period after eligible frequencies have been reallocated by competitive bidding under section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)) but prior to the completion of relocation or sharing transi-tion of such eligible frequencies per transi-tion plans approved by the Technical Panel. (B) E
LIGIBLE FREQUENCIES .—The term ‘‘eli-gible frequencies’’ has the meaning given the term in section 113(g)(2) of the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 923(g)(2)). 
SEC. 610. BIDIRECTIONAL SHARING STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, in-cluding an opportunity for public comment, the Commission, in collaboration with the NTIA, shall— (1) conduct a bidirectional sharing study to determine the best means of providing Fed-eral entities flexible access to non-Federal spectrum on a shared basis across a range of short-, mid-, and long-range timeframes, in-cluding for intermittent purposes like emer-gency use; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the study under paragraph (1), including any rec-ommendations for legislation or proposed regulations. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Commission shall— (1) consider the regulatory certainty that commercial spectrum users and Federal enti-ties need to make longer-term investment decisions for shared access to be viable; and (2) evaluate any barriers to voluntary com-mercial arrangements in which non-Federal users could provide access to Federal enti-ties. 
SEC. 611. UNLICENSED SERVICES IN GUARD BANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After public notice and comment, and in consultation with the As-sistant Secretary of Commerce for Commu-nications and Information and the head of each affected Federal agency (or a designee thereof), with respect to frequencies allo-cated for Federal use, the Commission shall adopt rules that permit unlicensed services where feasible to use any frequencies that are designated as guard bands to protect fre-quencies allocated after the date of enact-ment of this Act by competitive bidding under section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)), including spec-trum that acts as a duplex gap between transmit and receive frequencies. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Commission may not permit any use of a guard band under this section that would cause harmful inter-ference to a licensed service or a Federal service. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the Commission or the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Infor-mation from otherwise making spectrum available for licensed or unlicensed use in any frequency band in addition to guard bands, including under section 603 of this title, consistent with their statutory juris-dictions. SEC. 612. PRE-AUCTION FUNDING. 
Section 118(d)(3)(B)(i)(II) of the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 928(d)(3)(B)(i)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
SEC. 613. IMMEDIATE TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 118(e)(1) of the National Tele-communications and Information Adminis-tration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 928(e)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) At the request of an eligible Federal entity, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget (in this subsection referred to as ‘OMB’) may transfer the amount under subparagraph (A) immediately— ‘‘(i) after the frequencies are reallocated by competitive bidding under section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)); or ‘‘(ii) in the case of an incumbent Federal entity that is incurring relocation or sharing costs to accommodate sharing spectrum fre-quencies with another Federal entity, after the frequencies from which the other eligible Federal entity is relocating are reallocated by competitive bidding under section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)), without regard to the availability of such sums in the Fund. ‘‘(E) Prior to the deposit of proceeds into the Fund from an auction, the Director of OMB may borrow from the Treasury the amount under subparagraph (A) for a trans-fer under subparagraph (D). The Treasury shall immediately be reimbursed, without interest, from funds deposited into the Fund.’’. 
SEC. 614. AMENDMENTS TO THE SPECTRUM PIPE-LINE ACT OF 2015. 
Section 1008 of the Spectrum Pipeline Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 129 Stat. 584) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, after notice and an oppor-tunity for public comment,’’ after ‘‘the Com-mission’’. 
SEC. 615. GAO ASSESSMENT OF UNLICENSED SPECTRUM AND WI-FI USE IN LOW- INCOME NEIGHBORHOODS. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to evaluate the availability of broadband Inter-net access using unlicensed spectrum and wireless networks in low-income neighbor-hoods. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall consider and evaluate— (A) the availability of wireless Internet hot spots and access to unlicensed spectrum in low-income neighborhoods, particularly for elementary and secondary school-aged chil-dren in such neighborhoods; (B) any barriers preventing or limiting the deployment and use of wireless networks in low-income neighborhoods; (C) how to overcome any barriers described in subparagraph (B), including through in-centives, policies, or requirements that would increase the availability of unlicensed spectrum and related technologies in low-in-come neighborhoods; and (D) how to encourage home broadband adoption by households with elementary and secondary school-age children that are in low-income neighborhoods. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1986 March 22, 2018 
Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that— (1) summarizes the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a); and (2) makes recommendations with respect to potential incentives, policies, and require-ments that could help achieve the goals de-scribed in subparagraphs (C) and (D) of sub-section (a)(2). 
SEC. 616. RULEMAKING RELATED TO PARTI-TIONING OR DISAGGREGATING LI-CENSES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED SMALL CARRIER .—The term ‘‘covered small carrier’’ means a carrier (as defined in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 153)) that— (A) has not more than 1,500 employees (as determined under section 121.106 of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor thereto); and (B) offers services using the facilities of the carrier. (2) R
URAL AREA .—The term ‘‘rural area’’ means any area other than— (A) a city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of more than 20,000 inhab-itants; or (B) an urbanized area contiguous and adja-cent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants. (b) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall initiate a rulemaking pro-ceeding to assess whether to establish a pro-gram, or modify existing programs, under which a licensee that receives a license for the exclusive use of spectrum in a specific geographic area under section 301 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 301) may partition or disaggregate the license by sale or long-term lease— (A) in order to— (i) provide services consistent with the li-cense; and (ii) make unused spectrum available to— (I) an unaffiliated covered small carrier; or (II) an unaffiliated carrier to serve a rural area; and (B) if the Commission finds that such a program would promote— (i) the availability of advanced tele-communications services in rural areas; or (ii) spectrum availability for covered small carriers. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the rulemaking proceeding under paragraph (1), the Commission shall consider, with respect to the program proposed to be established under that paragraph— (A) whether reduced performance require-ments with respect to spectrum obtained through the program would facilitate deploy-ment of advanced telecommunications serv-ices in the areas covered by the program; (B) what conditions may be needed on transfers of spectrum under the program to allow covered small carriers that obtain spectrum under the program to build out the spectrum in a reasonable period of time; (C) what incentives may be appropriate to encourage licensees to lease or sell spec-trum, including— (i) extending the term of a license granted under section 301 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 301); or (ii) modifying performance requirements of the license relating to the leased or sold spectrum; and (D) the administrative feasibility of— (i) the incentives described in subpara-graph (C); and (ii) other incentives considered by the Commission that further the goals of this section. (3) F
ORFEITURE OF SPECTRUM .—If a party fails to meet any build out requirements set by the Commission for any spectrum sold or leased under this section, the right to the spectrum shall be forfeited to the Commis-sion unless the Commission finds that there is good cause for the failure of the party. (4) REQUIREMENT .—The Commission may offer a licensee incentives or reduced per-formance requirements under this section only if the Commission finds that doing so would likely result in increased availability of advanced telecommunications services in a rural area. 
SEC. 617. UNLICENSED SPECTRUM POLICY. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to maximize the benefit to the people of the United States of the spectrum resources of the United States; (2) to advance innovation and investment in wireless broadband services; and (3) to promote spectrum policy that makes available on an unlicensed basis radio fre-quency bands to address consumer demand for unlicensed wireless broadband oper-ations. (b) C
OMMISSION RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Commission shall ensure that the efforts of the Commission related to spectrum alloca-tion and assignment made available on an unlicensed basis radio frequency bands to ad-dress demand for unlicensed wireless broadband operations if doing so is, after taking into account the future needs of homeland security, national security, and other spectrum users— (1) reasonable; and (2) in the public interest. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section confers any additional rights on unlicensed users or users licensed by rule under part 96 of title 47, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, to protection from harmful inter-ference. 
SEC. 618. NATIONAL PLAN FOR UNLICENSED SPECTRUM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
PECTRUM RELOCATION FUND .—The term ‘‘Spectrum Relocation Fund’’ means the Fund established under section 118 of the Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 928). (2) U
NLICENSED OR LICENSED BY RULE OPER -
ATIONS .—The term ‘‘unlicensed or licensed by rule operations’’ means the use of spectrum on a non-exclusive basis under— (A) part 15 of title 47, Code of Federal Reg-ulations; or (B) licensing by rule under part 96 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) N
ATIONAL PLAN.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission, in consultation with the NTIA, shall develop a national plan for making additional radio frequency bands available for unlicensed or licensed by rule operations. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The plan developed under this section shall— (1) identify an approach that ensures that consumers have access to additional spec-trum to conduct unlicensed or licensed by rule operations in a range of radio fre-quencies to meet consumer demand; (2) recommend specific actions by the Com-mission and the NTIA to permit unlicensed or licensed by rule operations in additional radio frequency ranges that the Commission finds— (A) are consistent with the statement of policy under section 617(a) of this title; (B) will— (i) expand opportunities for unlicensed or licensed by rule operations in a spectrum band; or (ii) otherwise improve spectrum utilization and intensity of use of bands where unli-censed or licensed by rule operations are al-ready permitted; (C) will not cause harmful interference to Federal or non-Federal users of such bands; and (D) will not significantly impact homeland security or national security communica-tions systems; and (3) examine additional ways, with respect to existing and planned databases or spec-trum access systems designed to promote spectrum sharing and access to spectrum for unlicensed or licensed by rule operations— (A) to improve accuracy and efficacy; (B) to reduce burdens on consumers, manu-facturers, and service providers; and (C) to protect sensitive Government infor-mation. (d) SPECTRUM RELOCATION FUND.—To be in- cluded as an appendix as part of the plan de-veloped under this section, the NTIA, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall share with the Commission recommendations about how to reform the Spectrum Relocation Fund— (1) to address costs incurred by Federal en-tities related to sharing radio frequency bands with radio technologies conducting unlicensed or licensed by rule operations; and (2) to ensure the Spectrum Relocation Fund has sufficient funds to cover— (A) the costs described in paragraph (1); and (B) other expenditures allowed of the Spec-trum Relocation Fund under section 118 of the National Telecommunications and Infor-mation Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 928). (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that de-scribes the plan developed under this section, including any recommendations for legisla-tive change. (2) P
UBLICATION ON COMMISSION WEBSITE .— Not later than the date on which the Com-mission submits the report under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make the report publicly available on the website of the Com-mission. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section confers any additional rights on unli-censed users or users licensed by rule under part 96 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to protection from harmful inter-ference. 
SEC. 619. SPECTRUM CHALLENGE PRIZE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Spectrum Challenge Prize Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF PRIZE COMPETITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘prize competition’’ means a prize competition conducted by the Secretary under subsection (c)(1). (c) S
PECTRUM CHALLENGE PRIZE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Informa-tion and the Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology, shall, subject to the availability of funds for prize competi-tions under this section— (A) conduct prize competitions to dramati-cally accelerate the development and com-mercialization of technology that improves spectrum efficiency and is capable of cost-ef-fective deployment; and (B) define a measurable set of performance goals for participants in the prize competi-tions to demonstrate their solutions on a level playing field while making a signifi-cant advancement over the current state of the art. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1987 March 22, 2018 
(2) A UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary may— (A) enter into a grant, contract, coopera-tive agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize competitions; (B) invite the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Commission, the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the National Science Foundation, or any other Federal agency to provide advice and assistance in the design or administra-tion of the prize competitions; and (C) award not more than $5,000,000, in the aggregate, to the winner or winners of the prize competitions. (d) C
RITERIA .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which funds for prize competi-tions are made available pursuant to this section, the Commission shall publish a tech-nical paper on spectrum efficiency providing criteria that may be used for the design of the prize competitions. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SEC. 620. WIRELESS TELECOMMUNICATIONS TAX AND FEE COLLECTION FAIRNESS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Wireless Telecommunications Tax and Fee Collection Fairness Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
INANCIAL TRANSACTION .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial transaction’’ means a transaction in which the purchaser or user of a wireless telecommunications service upon whom a tax, fee, or surcharge is imposed gives cash, credit, or any other exchange of monetary value or consideration to the person who is required to collect or remit the tax, fee, or surcharge. (2) L
OCAL JURISDICTION .—The term ‘‘local jurisdiction’’ means a political subdivision of a State. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, and any territory or possession of the United States. (4) S
TATE OR LOCAL JURISDICTION .—The term ‘‘State or local jurisdiction’’ includes any governmental entity or person acting on behalf of a State or local jurisdiction that has the authority to assess, impose, levy, or collect taxes or fees. (5) W
IRELESS TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERV -
ICE.—The term ‘‘wireless telecommuni-cations service’’ means a commercial mobile radio service, as defined in section 20.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. (c) F
INANCIAL TRANSACTION REQUIRE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State, or a local juris-diction of a State, may not require a person who is neither a resident of such State or local jurisdiction nor an entity having its principal place of business in such State or local jurisdiction to collect from, or remit on behalf of, any other person a State or local tax, fee, or surcharge imposed on a pur-chaser or user with respect to the purchase or use of any wireless telecommunications service within the State unless the collec-tion or remittance is in connection with a fi-nancial transaction. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to affect the right of a State or local jurisdiction to re-quire the collection of any tax, fee, or sur-charge in connection with a financial trans-action. (d) E
NFORCEMENT .— (1) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Any person aggrieved by a violation of subsection (c) may bring a civil action in an appropriate district court of the United States for equi-table relief in accordance with paragraph (2) of this subsection. (2) JURISDICTION OF DISTRICT COURTS .—Not- withstanding section 1341 of title 28, United States Code, or the constitution or laws of any State, the district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction, without re-gard to the amount in controversy or citi-zenship of the parties, to grant such manda-tory or prohibitive injunctive relief, interim equitable relief, and declaratory judgments as may be necessary to prevent, restrain, or terminate any acts in violation of subsection (c). 
SEC. 621. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) R ANGES OF FREQUENCIES .—Each range of frequencies described in this title shall be construed to be inclusive of the upper and lower frequencies in the range. (b) A
SSESSMENT OF ELECTROMAGNETIC SPEC-
TRUM REALLOCATION .—Nothing in this title shall be construed to affect any requirement under section 156 of the National Tele-communications and Information Adminis-tration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 921 note), as added by section 1062(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000. 
SEC. 622. RELATIONSHIP TO MIDDLE CLASS TAX RELIEF AND JOB CREATION ACT OF 2012. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to limit, restrict, or circumvent in any way the implementation of the nationwide public safety broadband network defined in section 6001 of title VI of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1401) or any rules implementing that network under title VI of that Act (47 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.). 
SEC. 623. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title, or the amendments made by this title. This title, and the amendments made by this title, shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. DIVISION Q—KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2018’’. TITLE I—MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Americans Alert Program Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 102. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621) is amended— (1) in the section header, by striking ‘‘
ALZ-
HEIMER ’S DISEASE PATIENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
AMERICANS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
RANT PROGRAM TOREDUCE INJURY  
ANDDEATH OF MISSING AMERICANS WITHDE-
MENTIA AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES .— Subject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Attorney Gen-eral, through the Bureau of Justice Assist-ance and in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(1) shall award competitive grants to health care agencies, State and local law en-forcement agencies, or public safety agencies and nonprofit organizations to assist such entities in planning, designing, establishing, or operating locally based, proactive pro-grams to prevent wandering and locate miss-ing individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism, who, due to their condition, wander from safe environ-ments, including programs that— ‘‘(A) provide prevention and response infor-mation, including online training resources, and referrals to families or guardians of such individuals who, due to their condition, wan-der from a safe environment; ‘‘(B) provide education and training, in-cluding online training resources, to first re-sponders, school personnel, clinicians, and the public in order to— ‘‘(i) increase the safety and reduce the inci-dence of wandering of persons, who, due to their dementia or developmental disabilities, may wander from safe environments; ‘‘(ii) facilitate the rescue and recovery of individuals who, due to their dementia or de-velopmental disabilities, wander from safe environments; and ‘‘(iii) recognize and respond to and appro-priately interact with endangered missing individuals with dementia or developmental disabilities who, due to their condition, wan-der from safe environments; ‘‘(C) provide prevention and response train-ing and emergency protocols for school ad-ministrators, staff, and families or guardians of individuals with dementia, such as Alz-heimer’s Disease, or developmental disabil-ities, such as autism, to help reduce the risk of wandering by such individuals; and ‘‘(D) develop, operate, or enhance a notifi-cation or communications systems for alerts, advisories, or dissemination of other information for the recovery of missing indi-viduals with forms of dementia, such as Alz-heimer’s Disease, or with developmental dis-abilities, such as autism; and ‘‘(2) shall award grants to health care agencies, State and local law enforcement agencies, or public safety agencies to assist such agencies in designing, establishing, and operating locative tracking technology pro-grams for individuals with forms of demen-tia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or children with developmental disabilities, such as au-tism, who have wandered from safe environ-ments.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competitive’’ after ‘‘to receive a’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘agency or’’ before ‘‘orga-nization’’ each place it appears; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Attorney General shall periodically so-licit applications for grants under this sec-tion by publishing a request for applications in the Federal Register and by posting such a request on the website of the Department of Justice.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) PREFERENCE .—In awarding grants under subsection (a)(1), the Attorney General shall give preference to law enforcement or public safety agencies that partner with non-profit organizations that appropriately use person-centered plans minimizing restrictive interventions and that have a direct link to individuals, and families of individuals, with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Dis-ease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(e) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following ac-countability provisions: ‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1988 March 22, 2018 
unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. ‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TION.—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs under this section, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an orga-nization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General may not award a grant under this section to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. ‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. ‘‘(f) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded by the Attorney Gen-eral to determine if grant awards are or have been awarded for a similar purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards grants to the same applicant for a similar purpose the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all such grants awarded, in-cluding the total dollar amount of any such grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded multiple grants to the same appli-cant for a similar purpose.’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act and every year thereafter, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives a report on the Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram, as amended by subsection (a), which shall address— (1) the number of individuals who bene-fitted from the Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram, including information such as the number of individuals with reduced unsafe wandering, the number of people who were trained through the program, and the esti-mated number of people who were impacted by the program; (2) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that applied for funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program; (3) the number of State, local, and tribal local law enforcement or public safety agen-cies that received funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program, including— (A) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for training; and (B) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for designing, estab-lishing, or operating locative tracking tech-nology; (4) the companies, including the location (city and State) of the headquarters and local offices of each company, for which their locative tracking technology was used by State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies; (5) the nonprofit organizations, including the location (city and State) of the head-quarters and local offices of each organiza-tion, that State, local, and tribal law en-forcement or public safety agencies partnered with and the result of each part-nership; (6) the number of missing children with au-tism or another developmental disability with wandering tendencies or adults with Alzheimer’s being served by the program who went missing and the result of the search for each such individual; and (7) any recommendations for improving the Missing Americans Alert Program. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 2 of the Violent Crime Con-trol and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is amended by striking the item relating to section 240001 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 240001. Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram.’’. TITLE II—EDUCATION AND OUTREACH 
SEC. 201. ACTIVITIES BY THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EXPLOITED CHIL-DREN. 
Section 404(b)(1)(H) of the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11293(b)(1)(H)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding cases involving children with devel-opmental disabilities such as autism’’ before the semicolon. TITLE III—PRIVACY PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
HILD.—The term ‘‘child’’ means an in-dividual who is less than 18 years of age. (2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e)). (3) L
AW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY .—The term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of a State, unit of local government, or In-dian tribe that is authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. (4) N
ON-INVASIVE AND NON -PERMANENT .— The term ‘‘non-invasive and non-permanent’’ means, with regard to any technology or de-vice, that the procedure to install the tech-nology or device does not create an external or internal marker or implant a device, such as a microchip, or other trackable items. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (6) U
NIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘unit of local government’’ means a county, municipality, town, township, village, par-ish, borough, or other unit of general govern-ment below the State level. 
SEC. 302. STANDARDS AND BEST PRACTICES FOR USE OF NON-INVASIVE AND NON- PERMANENT TRACKING DEVICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and leading research, advocacy, self-advocacy, and service organizations, shall establish standards and best practices relating to the use of non-invasive and non-permanent tracking technology, where a guardian or parent has determined that a non-invasive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1989 March 22, 2018 
and non-permanent tracking device is the least restrictive alternative, to locate indi-viduals as described in subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this Act. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the standards and best practices required under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— (A) determine— (i) the criteria used to determine which in-dividuals would benefit from the use of a tracking device; (ii) the criteria used to determine who should have direct access to the tracking system; and (iii) which non-invasive and non-perma-nent types of tracking devices can be used in compliance with the standards and best prac-tices; and (B) establish standards and best practices the Attorney General determines are nec-essary to the administration of a tracking system, including procedures to— (i) safeguard the privacy of the data used by the tracking device such that— (I) access to the data is restricted to law enforcement and health agencies determined necessary by the Attorney General; and (II) collection, use, and retention of the data is solely for the purpose of preventing injury to or death of the individual wearing the tracking device; (ii) establish criteria to determine whether use of the tracking device is the least re-strictive alternative in order to prevent risk of injury or death before issuing the tracking device, including the previous consideration of less restrictive alternatives; (iii) provide training for law enforcement agencies to recognize signs of abuse during interactions with applicants for tracking de-vices; (iv) protect the civil rights and liberties of the individuals who use tracking devices, in-cluding their rights under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.); (v) establish a complaint and investigation process to address— (I) incidents of noncompliance by recipi-ents of grants under subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this Act, with the best practices established by the Attorney Gen-eral or other applicable law; and (II) use of a tracking device over the objec-tion of an individual; and (vi) determine the role that State agencies should have in the administration of a track-ing system. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The standards and best practices established pursuant to para-graph (1) shall take effect 90 days after publi-cation of such standards and practices by the Attorney General. (b) R
EQUIRED COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each entity that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this Act, shall comply with any standards and best practices relating to the use of tracking devices established by the Attorney General in accordance with sub-section (a). (2) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether an entity that re-ceives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this Act, acts in compli-ance with the standards and best practices described in paragraph (1). (c) APPLICABILITY OF STANDARDS AND BEST P
RACTICES .—The standards and best prac-tices established by the Attorney General under subsection (a) shall apply only to the grant programs authorized under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this Act. (d) L
IMITATIONS ON PROGRAM .— (1) D
ATA STORAGE .—Any tracking data pro-vided by tracking devices issued under this program may not be used by a Federal entity to create a database. (2) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Nothing in this Act may be construed to require that a parent or guardian use a tracking device to monitor the location of a child or adult under that parent or guardian’s supervision if the parent or guardian does not believe that the use of such device is necessary or in the interest of the child or adult under su-pervision. DIVISION R—TARGET ACT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLES. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Tar-geted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking’’ or the ‘‘TARGET Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Trafficking in persons is a major transnational crime, as recognized by the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.; division A of Public Law 106–386). (2) Trafficking in persons is increasingly perpetrated by organized, sophisticated criminal enterprises. (3) Combating trafficking in persons re-quires a global approach to identifying and apprehending the world’s worst human traf-ficking rings. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s re-wards program is a powerful tool in com-bating sophisticated international crime and that the Department of State and Federal law enforcement should work in concert to offer rewards that target human traffickers who prey on the most vulnerable people around the world. 
SEC. 3. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE. 
Section 36(k)(5) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(5)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses, as redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (3) by inserting before clause (i), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(A) means—’’; (4) in clause (ii), as redesignated, by strik-ing the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end following: ‘‘(B) includes severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving at least 1 jurisdiction outside of the United States.’’. DIVISION S—OTHER MATTER TITLE I—CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT 
SEC. 101. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HIS-TORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Child Pro-tection Act of 1993 (34 U.S.C. 40101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (34 U.S.C. 40102)— (A) by striking ‘‘provider’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (B) by striking ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (C) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall estab-lish a program, in accordance with this sec-tion, to provide qualified entities located in States that do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified enti-ties located in States that do not prohibit the use of the program established under this paragraph, with access to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, covered individuals. In any case where the use of a Federal national criminal history background check program is required pursuant to Federal law as of the effective date of this subparagraph, the pro-gram under this subparagraph may not be used. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in sub-paragraph (A) may submit to the appropriate designated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered indi-vidual. Qualified entities making a request under this paragraph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional applicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is located.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsu-pervised’’; (ii) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) that the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in subsection (a)(1), the designated entity, en-sures that— ‘‘(A) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under sub-section (a) is entitled to obtain a copy of any background check report; ‘‘(B) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under sub-section (a) is provided a process by which the covered individual may appeal the results of the background check to challenge the accu-racy or completeness of the information con-tained in the background report of the cov-ered individual and obtain a prompt deter-mination as to the validity of such challenge before a final determination is made by the authorized agency; ‘‘(C)(i) each covered individual described in subparagraph (B) is given notice of the op-portunity to appeal; ‘‘(ii) each covered individual described in subparagraph (B) will receive instructions on how to complete the appeals process if the covered individual wishes to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the background report of the covered individual; and ‘‘(iii) the appeals process is completed in a timely manner for each covered individual described in subparagraph (B); ‘‘(iv) the appeals process is consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.); and ‘‘(D) an authorized agency, upon receipt of a background check report lacking disposi-tion data, shall conduct research in whatever State and local recordkeeping systems are available in order to obtain complete data;’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or des-ignated entity, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘author-ized agency’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or des-ignated entity, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘author-ized agency’’; (E) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘, nor shall any designated entity nor any officer or employee thereof,’’ after ‘‘officer or em-ployee thereof,’’; (F) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F
EES.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1990 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(1) S TATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a background check conducted pursuant to a State requirement adopted after December 20, 1993, conducted with fingerprints on a covered individual, the fees collected by au-thorized State agencies and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation may not exceed the ac-tual cost of the background check conducted with fingerprints. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a national criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pur-suant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be col-lected for the provision of a criminal history background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) E
NSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE  
VOLUNTEERS .—A fee system under this sub-section shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volun-teers from participating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. A fee charged to a qualified enti-ty that is not organized under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not be less than the total sum of the costs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the designated entity.’’; and (G) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-
GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY RE-
VIEW PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity re-ceiving notice of a request submitted by a qualified entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, complete a fingerprint-based check of the national criminal history background check system, and provide the information received in re-sponse to such national criminal history background check to the appropriate des-ignated entity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, com-plete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make determinations described in subpara-graph (B). The Attorney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—A designated enti-ty shall, upon the receipt of the information described in paragraph (1), make a deter-mination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .— The Attorney General shall, by rule, estab-lish the criteria for use by designated enti-ties in making a determination of fitness de-scribed in subsection (b)(4). Such criteria shall be based on the criteria established pursuant to section 108(a)(3)(G)(i) of the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (34 U.S.C. 40102 note) and section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’; and (2) in section 5 (34 U.S.C. 40104)— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified enti-ty; and ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or operate, a qualified entity;’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall ensure that this section and the amendments made by this section are fully implemented not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section. TITLE II—SAVE AMERICA’S PASTIME ACT 
SEC. 201. APPLICATION OF THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT OF 1938 TO MINOR LEAGUE BASEBALL PLAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 213(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(19) any employee employed to play base-ball who is compensated pursuant to a con-tract that provides for a weekly salary for services performed during the league’s cham-pionship season (but not spring training or the off season) at a rate that is not less than a weekly salary equal to the minimum wage under section 6(a) for a workweek of 40 hours, irrespective of the number of hours the employee devotes to baseball related ac-tivities.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE III—KEEP YOUNG ATHLETES SAFE ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Keep Young Athletes Safe Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 302. GRANT TO PROTECT YOUNG ATHLETES FROM ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2205 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GRANT TO KEEP YOUNG ATHLETES SAFE ‘‘§ 220531. Grant to protect young athletes from abuse ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Attorney General may award a grant to an eligible nonprofit nongovernmental entity in order to support oversight of the United States Olympic Com-mittee, each national governing body, and each paralympic sports organization with re-gard to safeguarding amateur athletes against abuse, including emotional, physical, and sexual abuse in sports. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section, a nonprofit nongovernmental entity shall submit an ap-plication to the Attorney General at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Attorney General may re-quire, including information that dem-onstrates that the entity has— ‘‘(1) nationally recognized expertise in pre-venting and investigating emotional, phys-ical, and sexual abuse in the athletic pro-grams of the United States Olympic Com-mittee, each national governing body, and each paralympic sports organization; and ‘‘(2) the capacity to oversee regular and random audits to ensure that the policies and procedures used by the United States Olympic Committee, each national gov-erning body, and each paralympic sports or-ganization to prevent and identify the abuse of an amateur athlete are followed correctly. ‘‘(c) USE OF GRANT AMOUNT .—An entity that receives a grant under this section may use such funds— ‘‘(1) to develop and test new training mate-rials for emotional, physical, and sexual abuse prevention and identification edu-cation in youth athletic programs; ‘‘(2) for staff salaries, travel expenses, equipment, printing, and other reasonable expenses necessary to develop, maintain, and disseminate to the United States Olympic Committee, each national governing body, each paralympic sports organization, and other amateur sports organizations informa-tion about safeguarding amateur athletes against abuse, including emotional, physical, and sexual abuse in sports; and ‘‘(3) to oversee the administration of the procedures described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF GRANT FUNDS .—Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 2205 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item related to section 220529 the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —GRANT TO KEEP YOUNG  
ATHLETES SAFE  ‘‘220531. Grant to protect young athletes from abuse.’’. TITLE IV—CONSENT OF CONGRESS TO AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF ARIZONA 
SEC. 401. CONSENT OF CONGRESS TO AMEND-MENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF ARIZONA. 
Congress consents to the amendments to the Constitution of the State of Arizona pro-posed by House Concurrent Resolution 2001 of the 52nd Legislature of the State of Ari-zona, First Special Session, 2015, entitled ‘‘A Concurrent Resolution Proposing an Amend-ment to the Constitution of Arizona; Amend-ing Article X, Section 7, Constitution of Ari-zona; Amending Article XI, Constitution of Arizona, by Adding Section 11; Relating to Education Finance’’, approved by the voters of the State of Arizona at the special elec-tion held on May 17, 2016. TITLE V—STOP SCHOOL VIOLENCE ACT 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Student, Teachers, and Officers Preventing School Vi-olence Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘STOP School Vio-lence Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 502. GRANT PROGRAM FOR SCHOOL SECU-RITY. 
Part AA of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10551 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2701 (34 U.S.C. 10551)— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) COPS 
GRANTS .—The Director of the Of-fice of Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices (referred to in this part as the ‘COPS Di-rector’) is authorized to make grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribes for the purposes described in para-graphs (5) through (9) of subsection (b). ‘‘(2) BJA 
GRANTS .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Justice Assistance (referred to in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1991 March 22, 2018 
part as the ‘BJA Director’) is authorized to make grants to States, units of local govern-ment, and Indian tribes for the purposes de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (b).’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘evidence-based school safety programs that may include’’ after ‘‘through’’; and (ii) by striking paragraphs (1) through (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Training school personnel and stu-dents to prevent student violence against others and self. ‘‘(2) The development and operation of anonymous reporting systems for threats of school violence, including mobile telephone applications, hotlines, and Internet websites. ‘‘(3) The development and operation of— ‘‘(A) school threat assessment and inter-vention teams that may include coordina-tion with law enforcement agencies and school personnel; and ‘‘(B) specialized training for school offi-cials in responding to mental health crises. ‘‘(4) Any other measure that, in the deter-mination of the BJA Director, may provide a significant improvement in training, threat assessments and reporting, and violence pre-vention. ‘‘(5) Coordination with local law enforce-ment. ‘‘(6) Training for local law enforcement of-ficers to prevent student violence against others and self. ‘‘(7) Placement and use of metal detectors, locks, lighting, and other deterrent meas-ures. ‘‘(8) Acquisition and installation of tech-nology for expedited notification of local law enforcement during an emergency. ‘‘(9) Any other measure that, in the deter-mination of the COPS Director, may provide a significant improvement in security.’’; (C) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (e) through (h), re-spectively; (D) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTS AND SUBAWARDS .—A State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe may, in using a grant under this part for pur-poses authorized under subsection (b), use the grant to contract with or make 1 or more subawards to 1 or more— ‘‘(1) local educational agencies; ‘‘(2) nonprofit organizations, excluding schools; or ‘‘(3) units of local government or tribal or-ganizations. ‘‘(d) S
ERVICES AND BENEFITS FOR  S
CHOOLS .—An entity that receives a subaward or contract under subsection (c) may use such funds to provide services or benefits described under subsection (b) to 1 or more schools.’’; (E) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘COPS Director and the BJA Director’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘and has’’ and inserting ‘‘has’’; and (iii) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and will use evidence- based strategies and programs, such as those identified by the Comprehensive School Safety Initiative of the Department of Jus-tice’’; (F) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘50 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘75 percent’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Director may’’ and inserting ‘‘COPS Director and the BJA Director may each’’; (G) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Director shall’’ and inserting ‘‘COPS Director and the BJA shall each’’; and (H) in subsection (h), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Director may’’ and inserting ‘‘COPS Director and the BJA Director may each’’; (2) in section 2702 (34 U.S.C. 10552)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘the Director’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘the COPS Di-rector or the BJA Director, as the case may be,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the Director may’’ and in-serting ‘‘the COPS Director or the BJA Di-rector may’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘child psychologists’’ and in-serting ‘‘licensed mental health profes-sionals’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) include an assurance that the appli-cant shall maintain and report such data, records, and information (programmatic and financial) as the COPS Director or the BJA Director may reasonably require; ‘‘(4) include a certification, made in a form acceptable to the COPS Director or the BJA Director, as the case may be, that— ‘‘(A) the programs to be funded by the grant meet all the requirements of this part; ‘‘(B) all the information contained in the application is correct; and ‘‘(C) the applicant will comply with all provisions of this part and all other applica-ble Federal laws.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘this part’’ and inserting ‘‘the STOP School Violence Act of 2018’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Director shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘COPS Director and the BJA Director shall each’’; (3) in section 2703 (34 U.S.C. 10553)— (A) in the section heading, by inserting after ‘‘CONGRESS ’’ the following: ‘‘; GRANT AC -
COUNTABILITY ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Not later’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later’’; (C) by striking ‘‘Director shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘COPS Director and the BJA Director shall each’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY .—Section 3026 (relating to grant accountability) shall apply to grants awarded by the COPS Director and the BJA Director under this part. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, any ref-erences in section 3026 to the Attorney Gen-eral shall be considered references to the COPS Director or the BJA Director, as ap-propriate, and any references in that section to part LL shall be considered references to part AA.’’; (4) in section 2704 (34 U.S.C. 10554)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a public’’ and inserting ‘‘an’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including a Bureau- funded school (as defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021))’’ after ‘‘secondary school’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘evidence-based’ means a pro-gram, practice, technology, or equipment that— ‘‘(A) demonstrates a statistically signifi-cant effect on relevant outcomes based on— ‘‘(i) strong evidence from not less than 1 well-designed and well-implemented experi-mental study; ‘‘(ii) moderate evidence from not less than 1 well-designed and well-implemented quasi- experimental study; or ‘‘(iii) promising evidence from not less than 1 well-designed and well-implemented correlational study with statistical controls for selection bias; ‘‘(B) demonstrates a rationale based on high-quality research findings or positive evaluation that such program, practice, technology, or equipment is likely to im-prove relevant outcomes, and includes ongo-ing efforts to examine the effects of the pro-gram, practice, technology, or equipment; or ‘‘(C) in the case of technology or equip-ment, demonstrates that use of the tech-nology or equipment is— ‘‘(i) consistent with best practices for school security, including— ‘‘(I) applicable standards for school secu-rity established by a Federal or State gov-ernment agency; and ‘‘(II) findings and recommendations of pub-lic commissions and task forces established to make recommendations or set standards for school security; and ‘‘(ii) compliant with all applicable codes, including building and life safety codes; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘tribal organization’ has the same meaning given the term in section 4(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(l)).’’; (5) by striking section 2705 and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 2705. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated— ‘‘(1) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which— ‘‘(A) $50,000,000 shall be made available to the BJA Director to carry out this part; and ‘‘(B) $25,000,000 shall be made available to the COPS Director to carry out this part; and ‘‘(2) $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, of which, for each fiscal year— ‘‘(A) $67,000,000 shall be made available to the BJA Director to carry out this part; and ‘‘(B) $33,000,000 shall be made available to the COPS Director to carry out this part. ‘‘(b) O
FFSET .—Any funds appropriated for the Comprehensive School Safety Initiative of the National Institute of Justice in fiscal year 2018 shall instead be used for the pur-poses in subsection (a).’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2706. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) N OFUNDS TOPROVIDE FIREARMS OR  T
RAINING .—No amounts provided as a grant under this part may be used for the provision to any person of a firearm or training in the use of a firearm. ‘‘(b) N
OEFFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this part may be construed to preclude or contradict any other provision of law au-thorizing the provision of firearms or train-ing in the use of firearms.’’. TITLE VI—FIX NICS ACT 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Fix NICS Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 602. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR FEDERAL DE-PARTMENTS AND AGENCIES. 
Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
EMIANNUAL CERTIFICATION AND RE -
PORTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal department or agency shall submit a semi-annual written certification to the Attorney General indicating whether the department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1992 March 22, 2018 
or agency is in compliance with the record submission requirements under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(ii) S
UBMISSION DATES .—The head of a Federal department or agency shall submit a certification to the Attorney General under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) not later than July 31 of each year, which shall address all relevant records, in-cluding those that have not been trans-mitted to the Attorney General, in posses-sion of the department or agency during the period beginning on January 1 of the year and ending on June 30 of the year; and ‘‘(II) not later than January 31 of each year, which shall address all relevant records, including those that have not been transmitted to the Attorney General, in pos-session of the department or agency during the period beginning on July 1 of the pre-vious year and ending on December 31 of the previous year. ‘‘(iii) C
ONTENTS .—A certification required under clause (i) shall state, for the applica-ble period— ‘‘(I) the total number of records of the Fed-eral department or agency demonstrating that a person falls within one of the cat-egories described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) for each category of records described in subclause (I), the total number of records of the Federal department or agency that have been provided to the Attorney General; and ‘‘(III) the efforts of the Federal department or agency to ensure complete and accurate reporting of relevant records, including ef-forts to monitor compliance and correct any reporting failures or inaccuracies. ‘‘(G) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subpara-graph, the head of each Federal department or agency, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall establish a plan to ensure maximum coordination and automated re-porting or making available of records to the Attorney General as required under subpara-graph (C), and the verification of the accu-racy of those records, including the pre-vali-dation of those records, where appropriate, during a 4-year period specified in the plan. The records shall be limited to those of an individual described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each plan established under clause (i) shall in-clude annual benchmarks to enable the At-torney General to assess implementation of the plan, including— ‘‘(I) qualitative goals and quantitative measures; ‘‘(II) measures to monitor internal compli-ance, including any reporting failures and in-accuracies; ‘‘(III) a needs assessment, including esti-mated compliance costs; and ‘‘(IV) an estimated date by which the Fed-eral department or agency will fully comply with record submission requirements under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(iii) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year begin-ning after the date of the establishment of a plan under clause (i), the Attorney General shall determine whether the applicable Fed-eral department or agency has achieved sub-stantial compliance with the benchmarks in-cluded in the plan. ‘‘(H) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice, and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a semiannual report that discloses— ‘‘(i) the name of each Federal department or agency that has failed to submit a re-quired certification under subparagraph (F); ‘‘(ii) the name of each Federal department or agency that has submitted a required cer-tification under subparagraph (F), but failed to certify compliance with the record sub-mission requirements under subparagraph (C); ‘‘(iii) the name of each Federal department or agency that has failed to submit an imple-mentation plan under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(iv) the name of each Federal department or agency that is not in substantial compli-ance with an implementation plan under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(v) a detailed summary of the data, bro-ken down by department or agency, con-tained in the certifications submitted under subparagraph (F); ‘‘(vi) a detailed summary of the contents and status, broken down by department or agency, of the implementation plans estab-lished under subparagraph (G); and ‘‘(vii) the reasons for which the Attorney General has determined that a Federal de-partment or agency is not in substantial compliance with an implementation plan es-tablished under subparagraph (G). ‘‘(I) NONCOMPLIANCE PENALTIES .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, each polit-ical appointee of a Federal department or agency that has failed to certify compliance with the record submission requirements under subparagraph (C), and is not in sub-stantial compliance with an implementation plan established under subparagraph (G), shall not be eligible for the receipt of bonus pay, excluding overtime pay, until the de-partment or agency— ‘‘(i) certifies compliance with the record submission requirements under subpara-graph (C); or ‘‘(ii) achieves substantial compliance with an implementation plan established under subparagraph (G). ‘‘(J) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Attorney General may use funds made available for the national instant criminal background check system established under subsection (b) to provide technical assistance to a Fed-eral department or agency, at the request of the department or agency, in order to help the department or agency comply with the record submission requirements under sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(K) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Administrative Of-fice of the United States Courts shall per-form, for a Federal court, the functions as-signed to the head of a department or agen-cy.’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sentence, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives such information, the Attorney General shall determine whether or not the prospec-tive transferee is the subject of an erroneous record and remove any records that are de-termined to be erroneous. In addition to any funds made available under subsection (k), the Attorney General may use such sums as are necessary and otherwise available for the salaries and expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to comply with this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 603. REAUTHORIZATION OF NICS ACT RECORD IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS TOOBTAIN WAIVER .— Section 102 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40912) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 14601)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Crime Identi-fication Technology Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40301)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘is in compliance with an implementation plan established under sub-section (b) or’’ before ‘‘provides at least 90 percent of the information described in sub-section (c)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘or has established an implementation plan under section 107’’ after ‘‘the Attorney Gen-eral’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION ASSISTANCE TO  S
TATES .—Section 103 of the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40913) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding through increased efforts to pre-vali-date the contents of those records to expe-dite eligibility determinations’’; (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’; and (ii) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following— ‘‘(2) D
OMESTIC ABUSE AND VIOLENCE PREVEN -
TION INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney Gen-eral shall create a priority area under the NICS Act Record Improvement Program (commonly known as ‘NARIP’) for a Domes-tic Abuse and Violence Prevention Initiative that emphasizes the need for grantees to identify and upload all felony conviction records and domestic violence records. ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—The Attorney General— ‘‘(i) may use not more than 50 percent of the amounts made available under this sub-section for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out the initiative described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) shall give a funding preference under NARIP to States that— ‘‘(I) have established an implementation plan under section 107; and ‘‘(II) will use amounts made available under this subparagraph to improve efforts to identify and upload all felony conviction records and domestic violence records de-scribed in clauses (i), (v), and (vi) of section 102(b)(1)(C) by not later than September 30, 2022.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Attorney General shall direct the Office of Justice Programs, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to— ‘‘(1) assist States that are not currently el-igible for grants under this section to achieve compliance with all eligibility re-quirements; and ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance and train-ing services to grantees under this section.’’. 
SEC. 604. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) S TATE GRANT PROGRAM FOR CRIMINAL  J
USTICE IDENTIFICATION , INFORMATION , AND C
OMMUNICATION .—Section 102 of the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40301) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1993 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(C) identification of all individuals who have been convicted of a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year’’; (2) in subsection (b)(6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(18 U.S.C. 922 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 40901(b))’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including through increased efforts to pre-validate the contents of felony conviction records and domestic vi-olence records to expedite eligibility deter-minations, and measures and resources nec-essary to establish and achieve compliance with an implementation plan under section 107 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007’’; (3) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘unless’’ the following: ‘‘the State has achieved compliance with an implementa-tion plan under section 107 of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 or’’; and (4) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘2002 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (b) G
RANTS FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF CRIMI-
NALRECORDS .—Section 106(b)(1) of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40302(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enact-ment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘, as of the date of enactment of the Fix NICS Act of 2018,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘files,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘files and that will utilize funding under this subsection to prioritize the identi-fication and transmittal of felony conviction records and domestic violence records,’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘upon establishment of the national system,’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following— ‘‘(D) to establish and achieve compliance with an implementation plan under section 107 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’. 
SEC. 605. IMPROVING INFORMATION SHARING WITH THE STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S. 40911 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 107. IMPLEMENTATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Fix NICS Act of 2018, the Attorney General, in coordi-nation with the States and Indian tribal gov-ernments, shall establish, for each State or Indian tribal government, a plan to ensure maximum coordination and automation of the reporting or making available of appro-priate records to the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901) and the verification of the accuracy of those records during a 4-year period specified in the plan. The records shall be limited to those of an individual described in sub-section (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code ‘‘(b) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each plan established under this section shall in-clude annual benchmarks to enable the At-torney General to assess the implementation of the plan, including— ‘‘(1) qualitative goals and quantitative measures; and ‘‘(2) a needs assessment, including esti-mated compliance costs. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year begin-ning after the date of the establishment of an implementation plan under this section, the Attorney General shall determine wheth-er each State or Indian tribal government has achieved substantial compliance with the benchmarks included in the plan. ‘‘(d) ACCOUNTABILITY .—The Attorney Gen-eral— ‘‘(1) shall disclose and publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice— ‘‘(A) the name of each State or Indian trib-al government that received a determination of failure to achieve substantial compliance with an implementation plan under sub-section (c) for the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) a description of the reasons for which the Attorney General has determined that the State or Indian tribal government is not in substantial compliance with the imple-mentation plan, including, to the greatest extent possible, a description of the types and amounts of records that have not been submitted; and ‘‘(2) if a State or Indian tribal government described in paragraph (1) subsequently re-ceives a determination of substantial com-pliance, shall— ‘‘(A) immediately correct the applicable record; and ‘‘(B) not later than 3 days after the deter-mination, remove the record from the website of the Department of Justice and any other location where the record was pub-lished. ‘‘(e) I
NCENTIVES .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General shall give affirmative preference to all Bureau of Justice Assistance discretionary grant appli-cations of a State or Indian tribal govern-ment that received a determination of sub-stantial compliance under subsection (c) for the fiscal year in which the grant was solic-ited.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180; 121 Stat. 2559) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 106 the following: ‘‘Sec. 107. Implementation plan.’’. TITLE VII—STATE SEXUAL RISK AVOIDANCE EDUCATION PROGRAM 
SEC. 701. FULL PAYMENT BY SECRETARY FOR STATE SEXUAL RISK AVOIDANCE EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 510(d) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710(d)) is amended by inserting before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘, except that section 503(a) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘the total of the sums’ for ‘four- sevenths of the total of the sums’’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 510(a)(1)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (f)(1)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (f)(2)’’. TITLE VIII—SMALL BUSINESS CREDIT AVAILABILITY ACT 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Credit Availability Act’’. 
SEC. 802. EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPA-NIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 61(a) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 60(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; and (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the asset coverage requirements of subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of section 18(a)(1) (and any related rule promulgated under this Act) ap-plicable to business development companies shall be 200 percent. ‘‘(2) The asset coverage requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 18(a)(1) and of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 18(a)(2) (and any related rule promulgated under this Act) applicable to a business de-velopment company shall be 150 percent if— ‘‘(A) not later than 5 business days after the date on which those asset coverage re-quirements are approved under subparagraph (D) of this paragraph, the business develop-ment company discloses that the require-ments were approved, and the effective date of the approval, in— ‘‘(i) any filing submitted to the Commis-sion under section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a); 78o(d)); and ‘‘(ii) a notice on the website of the business development company; ‘‘(B) the business development company discloses, in each periodic filing required under section 13(a) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a))— ‘‘(i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount or liquidation preference, as applica-ble, of the senior securities issued by the business development company and the asset coverage percentage as of the date of the business development company’s most recent financial statements included in that filing; ‘‘(ii) that the business development com-pany, under subparagraph (D), has approved the asset coverage requirements under this paragraph; and ‘‘(iii) the effective date of the approval de-scribed in clause (ii); ‘‘(C) with respect to a business develop-ment company that is an issuer of common equity securities, each periodic filing of the company required under section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)) includes disclosures that are reason-ably designed to ensure that shareholders are informed of— ‘‘(i) the amount of senior securities (and the associated asset coverage ratios) of the company, determined as of the date of the most recent financial statements of the com-pany included in that filing; and ‘‘(ii) the principal risk factors associated with the senior securities described in clause (i), to the extent that risk is incurred by the company; and ‘‘(D) the company— ‘‘(i)(I) through a vote of the required ma-jority (as defined in section 57(o)), approves the application of this paragraph to the com-pany, to become effective on the date that is 1 year after the date of the approval; or ‘‘(II) obtains, at a special or annual meet-ing of shareholders or partners at which a quorum is present, the approval of more than 50 percent of the votes cast for the applica-tion of this paragraph to the company, to be-come effective on the first day after the date of the approval; and ‘‘(ii) if the company is not an issuer of common equity securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, extends, to each person that is a shareholder as of the date of an approval described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i), as applicable, the oppor-tunity (which may include a tender offer) to sell the securities held by that shareholder as of that applicable approval date, with 25 percent of those securities to be repurchased in each of the 4 calendar quarters following the calendar quarter in which that applica-ble approval date takes place.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940 .—Sec- tion 205(b)(3) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–5(b)(3)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1994 March 22, 2018 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)(B)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)(B)(iii)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)(B)’’. (2) I
NVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 .—The Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 57 (15 U.S.C. 80a–56)— (i) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)(B)’’; and (ii) in subsection (n)(2), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 61(a)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)(B)’’; and (B) in section 63(3) (15 U.S.C. 80a–62(3)), by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)’’. 
SEC. 803. PARITY FOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANIES REGARDING OFFERING AND PROXY RULES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘business development com-pany’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2(a)); (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Se-curities and Exchange Commission; (3) the term ‘‘Form N–2’’ means the form described in section 239.14 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; (4) the term ‘‘Form S–3’’ means the form described in section 239.13 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; and (5) the term ‘‘Schedule 14A’’ means the in-formation required under section 240.14a–101 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EVISION TO RULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall make the revisions described in paragraph (2) to allow a business develop-ment company that has filed an election under section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53) to use the secu-rities offering and proxy rules that are avail-able to other issuers that are required to file reports under section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a); 78o(d)). (2) R
EQUIRED REVISIONS .—The revisions de-scribed in this paragraph are revisions to— (A) section 230.405 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations— (i) to remove the exclusion of a business development company from the definition of the term ‘‘well-known seasoned issuer’’ under that section; and (ii) to add a registration statement filed on Form N–2 to the definition of the term ‘‘automatic shelf registration statement’’ under that section; (B) sections 230.168 and 230.169 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to remove the exclusion of a business development com-pany from an issuer that is eligible for the exemptions under those sections; (C) section 230.163 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to remove a business devel-opment company from the list of issuers that are ineligible for the exemption under that section; (D) section 230.163A of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to remove the communica-tions made by a business development com-pany from the list of communications that are ineligible for the exemption under that section; (E) section 230.134 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to remove the exclusion of a communication relating to a business de-velopment company from the application of that section; (F) sections 230.138 and 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to specifically include a business development company as an issuer to which those sections apply; (G) section 230.156 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to provide that nothing in that section may be construed to prevent a business development company from quali-fying for an exemption under section 230.168 or 230.169 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as amended by the Commission in ac-cordance with the requirements of this sec-tion; (H) section 230.164 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to remove a business devel-opment company from the list of issuers that are excluded under that section; (I) section 230.433 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to specifically include a business development company that is a well-known seasoned issuer as an issuer to which that section applies; (J) section 230.415 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations to state that the registra-tion for securities under section 230.415(a)(1)(x) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, includes securities registered on Form N–2 by a business development com-pany that would otherwise meet the eligi-bility requirements of Form S–3; (K) section 230.497 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to include a process for a business development company to file a form of prospectus in the same manner as the process for filing a form of prospectus under section 230.424(b) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; (L) sections 230.172 and 230.173 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to remove the exclusion of an offering of a business devel-opment company from the application of those sections; (M) section 230.418 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to provide that a business development company that would otherwise meet the eligibility requirements of Form S– 3 shall be exempt from paragraph (a)(3) of that section; (N) Schedule 14A to revise item 13(b)(1) of that Schedule to include a business develop-ment company that would otherwise meet the requirements of note E of that Schedule as an issuer to which that item applies; (O) section 243.103 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to provide that paragraph (a) of that section applies for the purposes of Form N–2; and (P) item 34 on Form N–2 to require a busi-ness development company to provide under-takings that are no more restrictive than the undertakings that are required of a reg-istrant under section 229.512 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations. (c) R
EVISION TO FORM N–2.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall revise Form N–2— (1) to include an item or instruction that is similar to item 12 on Form S–3 to provide that a business development company that would otherwise meet the requirements of Form S–3 shall incorporate by reference the reports and documents filed by the business development company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) into the registration statement of the busi-ness development company filed on Form N– 2; and (2) to include an item or instruction that is similar to the instruction regarding auto-matic shelf offerings by well-known seasoned issuers on Form S–3 to provide that a busi-ness development company that is a well- known seasoned issuer may file automatic shelf offerings on Form N–2. (d) T
REATMENT IF REVISIONS NOTCOM-
PLETED IN TIMELY MANNER .—If the Commis-sion fails to complete the revisions required under subsections (b) and (c) by the dates de-scribed in those subsections, a business de-velopment company, during the period be-ginning on the date that is 1 day after 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date that the Commission completes those revisions, may deem those revisions to have been completed in accord-ance with the actions required to be taken by the Commission under those subsections. (e) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF SUCCESSOR REGULATIONS  
AND FORMS .—Any reference in this section to a regulation or form shall be construed as a reference to— (A) that regulation or form, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; or (B) any successor to that regulation or form. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF SALES MATERIAL .— Nothing in this section, or in the amend-ments made pursuant to the requirements of this section, may be construed to prevent a business development company from distrib-uting sales material under section 230.482 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations. TITLE IX—SMALL BUSINESS ACCESS TO CAPITAL AFTER A NATURAL DISASTER ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Access to Capital After a Natural Dis-aster Act’’. 
SEC. 902. EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR SMALL BUSINESSES IMPACTED BY A NATURAL DISASTER. 
Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d) is amended— (1) in subsection (j)(4)(C), by striking ‘‘mi-nority-owned and women-owned small busi-nesses’’ and inserting ‘‘minority-owned small businesses, women-owned small businesses, and small businesses affected by hurricanes or other natural disasters’’; and (2) in subsection (j)(6)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘minority-owned and women-owned small businesses’’ and inserting ‘‘minority-owned small businesses, women-owned small busi-nesses, and small businesses affected by hur-ricanes or other natural disasters’’. TITLE X—TAYLOR FORCE ACT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Taylor Force Act’’. 
SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Palestinian Authority’s practice of paying salaries to terrorists serving in Israeli prisons, as well as to the families of deceased terrorists, is an incentive to com-mit acts of terror. (2) The United States does not provide di-rect budgetary support to the Palestinian Authority. The United States does pay cer-tain debts held by the Palestinian Authority and funds programs for which the Pales-tinian Authority would otherwise be respon-sible. (3) The United States Government supports community-based programs in the West Bank and Gaza that provide for basic human needs, such as food, water, health, shelter, protection, education, and livelihoods, and that promote peace and development. (4) Since fiscal year 2015, annual appropria-tions legislation has mandated the reduction of Economic Support Fund aid for the Pales-tinian Authority as a result of their pay-ments for acts of terrorism including, in fis-cal year 2017, a reduction ‘‘by an amount the Secretary determines is equivalent to the amount expended by the Palestinian Author-ity, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations with such entities as payments for acts of terrorism by individuals who are imprisoned after being fairly tried and convicted for acts of terrorism and by individuals who died committing acts of terrorism during the pre-vious calendar year’’. 
SEC. 1003. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1995 March 22, 2018 
(1) calls on the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations to stop payments for acts of terrorism by individ-uals who are imprisoned after being fairly tried and convicted for acts of terrorism and by individuals who died committing acts of terrorism and to repeal the laws authorizing such payments; (2) calls on all donor countries providing budgetary assistance to the Palestinian Au-thority to cease direct budgetary support until the Palestinian Authority stops all payments incentivizing terror; (3) urges the Palestinian Authority to de-velop programs to provide essential public services and support to any individual in need within its jurisdictional control, rather than to provide payments contingent on per-petrating acts of violence; (4) urges the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to highlight the issue of Palestinian Authority payments for acts of terrorism and to urge other Mem-ber States to apply pressure upon the Pales-tinian Authority to immediately cease such payments; and (5) urges the Department of State to use its bilateral and multilateral engagements with all governments and organizations com-mitted to the cause of peace between Israel and the Palestinians to highlight the issue of Palestinian Authority payments for acts of terrorism and to urge such governments and organizations to join the United States in calling on the Palestinian Authority to im-mediately cease such payments. 
SEC. 1004. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE WEST BANK AND GAZA. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for assistance under chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq.; relating to Economic Support Fund) and available for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza that directly benefits the Palestinian Authority may only be made available for such purpose if, except as pro-vided in subsection (d), not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of State certifies in writing to the ap-propriate congressional committees that the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Libera-tion Organization, and any successor or af-filiated organizations— (A) are taking credible steps to end acts of violence against Israeli citizens and United States citizens that are perpetrated or mate-rially assisted by individuals under their ju-risdictional control, such as the March 2016 attack that killed former United States Army officer Taylor Force, a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan; (B) have terminated payments for acts of terrorism against Israeli citizens and United States citizens to any individual, after being fairly tried, who has been imprisoned for such acts of terrorism and to any individual who died committing such acts of terrorism, including to a family member of such indi-viduals; (C) have revoked any law, decree, regula-tion, or document authorizing or imple-menting a system of compensation for im-prisoned individuals that uses the sentence or period of incarceration of an individual imprisoned for an act of terrorism to deter-mine the level of compensation paid, or have taken comparable action that has the effect of invalidating any such law, decree, regula-tion, or document; and (D) are publicly condemning such acts of violence and are taking steps to investigate or are cooperating in investigations of such acts to bring the perpetrators to justice. (2) ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .—The Secretary of State shall include in the certification required under paragraph (1) the definition of ‘‘acts of terrorism’’ that the Secretary used for purposes of making the determination in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. (b) E
XCEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the limitation on assistance under sub-section (a) shall not apply to— (A) payments made to the East Jerusalem Hospital Network; (B) assistance for wastewater projects not exceeding $5,000,000 in any one fiscal year; and (C) assistance for any other program, project, or activity that provides vaccina-tions to children not exceeding $500,000 in any one fiscal year. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State shall notify in writing the appropriate con-gressional committees not later than 15 days prior to making funds available for assist-ance under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1). (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Funds with-held pursuant to this section— (1) shall be deemed to satisfy any similar withholding or reduction required under any other provision of law relating to the Pales-tinian Authority’s payments for acts of ter-rorism; and (2) shall be in an amount that is not less than the total amount required by such other provision of law. (d) I
NITIAL USE AND DISPOSITION OF WITH-
HELD FUNDS .— (1) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds with-held pursuant to this section are authorized to remain available for an additional 2 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired. (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds withheld pursu-ant to this section may be made available for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza that directly benefits the Palestinian Authority upon a certification by the Secretary of State that the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations have met the conditions set forth in subsection (a). Except as provided in paragraph (3), such funds may not be made available for any pur-pose other than for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza that directly benefits the Palestinian Authority. (3) D
ISPOSITION OF UNUSED FUNDS .—Begin- ning on the date that is 180 days after the last day on which the initial availability of funds withheld pursuant to this section would otherwise have expired, such funds are authorized to be made available to the De-partment of State for assistance under chap-ter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq.; relating to Eco-nomic Support Fund) in the following man-ner— (A) 50 percent for purposes of assistance other than that deemed benefiting the Pales-tinian Authority; and (B) 50 percent for purposes other than as-sistance for the West Bank and Gaza. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of State is unable to certify in writing to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Libera-tion Organization, and any successor or af-filiated organizations have met the condi-tions described in subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall, not later than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary is unable to make such certification, submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that contains the following: (A) The reasons why the Secretary was un-able to certify in writing that such organiza-tions have met such requirements. (B) The definition of ‘‘acts of terrorism’’ that the Secretary used for purposes of mak-ing the determination in subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(1). (C) The total amount of funds to be with-held. (2) FORM.—The report required by this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (f) L
IST OF CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a list of the criteria that the Secretary uses to de-termine whether assistance for the West Bank and Gaza is assistance that directly benefits the Palestinian Authority for pur-poses of carrying out this section. (2) U
PDATE .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated list under paragraph (1) not later than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary makes any modification to the list. 
SEC. 1005. INITIAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port describing those programs, projects, and activities funded by the United States Gov-ernment that have been or will be suspended by reason of withholding of funds under sec-tion 1004. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1006. ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 6 years, the Sec-retary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report in-cluding at a minimum the following ele-ments: (1) An estimate of the amount expended by the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations during the pre-vious calendar year as payments for acts of terrorism by individuals who are imprisoned for such acts. (2) An estimate of the amount expended by the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations during the pre-vious calendar year as payments to the fami-lies of deceased individuals who committed an act of terrorism. (3) An overview of Palestinian laws, de-crees, regulations, or documents in effect the previous calendar year that authorize or im-plement any payments reported under para-graphs (1) and (2). (4) A description of United States Govern-ment policy, efforts, and engagement with the Palestinian Authority in order to con-firm the revocation of any law, decree, regu-lation, or document in effect the previous calendar year that authorizes or implements any payments reported under paragraphs (1) and (2). (5) A description of United States Govern-ment policy, efforts, and engagement with other governments, and at the United Na-tions, to highlight the issue of Palestinian payments for acts of terrorism and to urge other nations to join the United States in calling on the Palestinian Authority to im-mediately cease such payments. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1996 March 22, 2018 
SEC. 1007. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-MITTEES DEFINED. 
In this title, the term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. TITLE XI—FARM ACT 
SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Agri-cultural Reporting Method Act’’ or the ‘‘FARM Act’’. 
SEC. 1102. EXEMPTIONS FROM CERTAIN NOTICE REQUIREMENTS AND PENALTIES. 
Section 103 of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9603) is amended by striking subsection (e) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY TO REGISTERED PES-
TICIDE PRODUCTS AND AIREMISSIONS FROM A
NIMAL WASTE AT FARMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) the application of a pesticide product registered under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) or the handling and storage of such a pesticide product by an agricultural pro-ducer; or ‘‘(B) air emissions from animal waste (in-cluding decomposing animal waste) at a farm. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
NIMAL WASTE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘animal waste’ means feces, urine, or other excrement, di-gestive emission, urea, or similar substances emitted by animals (including any form of livestock, poultry, or fish). ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘animal waste’ includes animal waste that is mixed or com-mingled with bedding, compost, feed, soil, or any other material typically found with such waste. ‘‘(B) F
ARM.—The term ‘farm’ means a site or area (including associated structures) that— ‘‘(i) is used for— ‘‘(I) the production of a crop; or ‘‘(II) the raising or selling of animals (in-cluding any form of livestock, poultry, or fish); and ‘‘(ii) under normal conditions, produces during a farm year any agricultural products with a total value equal to not less than $1,000.’’. 
SEC. 1103. APPLICATION. 
Nothing in this title or an amendment made by this title affects, or supersedes or modifies the responsibility or authority of any Federal official or employee to comply with or enforce, any requirement under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), other than the hazardous substance notification requirements under section 103 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 9603) with respect to air emissions from animal waste at farms. TITLE XII—TIPPED EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 1201. TIPPED EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON KEEPING TIPS.—Section 3(m) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(m)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(m)’’; (3) by striking ‘‘any employee. In deter-mining’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘any employee. ‘‘(2)(A) In determining’’; (4) in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) An employer may not keep tips re-ceived by its employees for any purposes, in-cluding allowing managers or supervisors to keep any portion of employees’ tips, regard-less of whether or not the employer takes a tip credit.’’. (b) PENALTIES .—Section 16 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 216) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting after the second sentence the following: ‘‘Any employer who violates section 3(m)(2)(B) shall be liable to the em-ployee or employees affected in the amount of the sum of any tip credit taken by the em-ployer and all such tips unlawfully kept by the employer, and in an additional equal amount as liquidated damages.’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘either of’’; (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The authority and require-ments described in this subsection shall apply with respect to a violation of section 3(m)(2)(B), as appropriate, and the employer shall be liable for the amount of the sum of any tip credit taken by the employer and all such tips unlawfully kept by the employer, and an additional equal amount as liquidated damages.’’; and (3) in subsection (e)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any person who violates section 3(m)(2)(B) shall be subject to a civil penalty not to exceed $1,100 for each such violation, as the Secretary determines ap-propriate, in addition to being liable to the employee or employees affected for all tips unlawfully kept, and an additional equal amount as liquidated damages, as described in subsection (b).’’. (c) E
FFECT ON REGULATIONS .—The portions of the final rule promulgated by the Depart-ment of Labor entitled ‘‘Updating Regula-tions Issued Under the Fair Labor Standards Act’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 18832 (April 5, 2011)) that revised sections 531.52, 531.54, and 531.59 of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (76 Fed. Reg. 18854–18856) and that are not addressed by section 3(m) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(m)) (as such section was in effect on April 5, 2011), shall have no further force or effect until any future ac-tion taken by the Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor. TITLE XIII—REVISIONS TO PASS- THROUGH PERIOD AND PAYMENT RULES 
SEC. 1301. REVISIONS TO PASS-THROUGH PERIOD AND PAYMENT RULES UNDER OPPS FOR CERTAIN NEW DRUGS AND BIOLOGICALS. 
(a) R EVISIONS TO PASS-THROUGH PERIOD AND  P
AYMENT RULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1833(t)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)(6)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C)(i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘The payment’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subpara-graph (G), the payment’’; (B) in subparagraph (D)(i), by inserting ‘‘subject to subparagraph (H),’’ before ‘‘in the case’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(G) P
ASS-THROUGH EXTENSION FOR CERTAIN  
DRUGS AND BIOLOGICALS .—In the case of a drug or biological whose period of pass- through status under this paragraph ended on December 31, 2017, and for which payment under this subsection was packaged into a payment for a covered OPD service (or group of services) furnished beginning January 1, 2018, such pass-through status shall be ex-tended for a 2-year period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2018. ‘‘(H) T
EMPORARY PAYMENT RULE FOR CER -
TAIN DRUGS AND BIOLOGICALS .—In the case of a drug or biological whose period of pass- through status under this paragraph ended on December 31, 2017, and for which payment under this subsection was packaged into a payment for a covered OPD service (or group of services) furnished beginning January 1, 2018, the payment amount for such drug or biological under this subsection that is fur-nished during the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2018, and ending on March 31, 2019, shall be the greater of— ‘‘(i) the payment amount that would other-wise apply under subparagraph (D)(i) for such drug or biological during such period; or ‘‘(ii) the payment amount that applied under such subparagraph (D)(i) for such drug or biological on December 31, 2017. ‘‘(I) SPECIAL PAYMENT ADJUSTMENT RULES  
FOR LAST QUARTER OF 2018 .—In the case of a drug or biological whose period of pass- through status under this paragraph ended on December 31, 2017, and for which payment under this subsection was packaged into a payment amount for a covered OPD service (or group of services) beginning January 1, 2018, the following rules shall apply with re-spect to payment amounts under this sub-section for covered a OPD service (or group of services) furnished during the period be-ginning on October 1, 2018, and ending on De-cember 31, 2018: ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall remove the pack-aged costs of such drug or biological (as de-termined by the Secretary) from the pay-ment amount under this subsection for the covered OPD service (or group of services) with which it is packaged. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary shall not make any ad-justments to payment amounts under this subsection for a covered OPD service (or group of services) for which no costs were re-moved under clause (i).’’. (2) N
ONAPPLICATION OF LIMIT ON AGGREGATE  
ANNUAL ADJUSTMENT FOR 2018 .—Section 1833(t)(6)(E)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)(6)(E)(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This clause shall not apply for 2018.’’. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may implement the amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) by program instruction or otherwise. (b) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on the policy for packaging high cost drugs and biologicals after their pass-through status under subsection (t)(6) of section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) has expired under the payment systems for hospital outpatient department services under section subsection (t) of such section and for surgical services furnished in an ambulatory surgical center under sub-section (i) of such section. Such study shall include an analysis of— (A) the impact of such policy on— (i) the utilization of such drugs and biologicals; (ii) the availability of treatment options, including consultations with physicians and hospitals; and (iii) to the extent practicable, the health outcomes of Medicare beneficiaries; and (B) the impact of the amendments made by subsection (a), including the impact on price competition and cost-sharing. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), to-gether with recommendations for such legis-lation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1997 March 22, 2018 
DIVISION T—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 101. MODIFICATION OF DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME OF A COOPERATIVE AND ITS PATRONS. 
(a) D EDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED PRODUCTION  A
CTIVITIES INCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (g) of section 199A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) D
EDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE  
TODOMESTIC PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES OF  S
PECIFIED AGRICULTURAL OR HORTICULTURAL  C
OOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(1) A
LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer which is a specified agricultural or horti-cultural cooperative, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to 9 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the qualified production activities in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year, or ‘‘(ii) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The deduction allowable under subparagraph (A) for any taxable year shall not exceed 50 percent of the W-2 wages of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(ii) W-
2 WAGES .—For purposes of this sub-paragraph, the W-2 wages of the taxpayer shall be determined in the same manner as under subsection (b)(4) (without regard to subparagraph (B) thereof and after applica-tion of subsection (b)(5)), except that such wages shall not include any amount which is not properly allocable to domestic produc-tion gross receipts for purposes of paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(C) T
AXABLE INCOME OF COOPERATIVES DE -
TERMINED WITHOUT REGARD TO CERTAIN DE -
DUCTIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, the taxable income of a specified agricul-tural or horticultural cooperative shall be computed without regard to any deduction allowable under subsection (b) or (c) of sec-tion 1382 (relating to patronage dividends, per-unit retain allocations, and nonpatron-age distributions). ‘‘(2) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED TO PATRONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any eligi-ble taxpayer who receives a qualified pay-ment from a specified agricultural or horti-cultural cooperative, there shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year in which such payment is received an amount equal to the portion of the deduction allowed under paragraph (1) to such cooperative which is— ‘‘(i) allowed with respect to the portion of the qualified production activities income to which such payment is attributable, and ‘‘(ii) identified by such cooperative in a written notice mailed to such taxpayer dur-ing the payment period described in section 1382(d). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION BASED ON TAXABLE IN -
COME .—The deduction allowed to any tax-payer under this paragraph shall not exceed the taxable income of the taxpayer deter-mined without regard to the deduction al-lowed under this paragraph and after taking into account any deduction allowed to the taxpayer under subsection (a) for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) C
OOPERATIVE DENIED DEDUCTION FOR  
PORTION OF QUALIFIED PAYMENTS .—The tax- able income of a specified agricultural or horticultural cooperative shall not be re-duced under section 1382 by reason of that portion of any qualified payment as does not exceed the deduction allowable under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to such payment. ‘‘(D) E
LIGIBLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘eligible taxpayer’ means— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer other than a corporation, or ‘‘(ii) a specified agricultural or horti-cultural cooperative. ‘‘(E) QUALIFIED PAYMENT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified payment’ means, with respect to any eligible taxpayer, any amount which— ‘‘(i) is described in paragraph (1) or (3) of section 1385(a), ‘‘(ii) is received by such taxpayer from a specified agricultural or horticultural coop-erative, and ‘‘(iii) is attributable to qualified produc-tion activities income with respect to which a deduction is allowed to such cooperative under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES IN -
COME .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified pro-duction activities income’ for any taxable year means an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer’s domestic production gross receipts for such taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the cost of goods sold that are allo-cable to such receipts, and ‘‘(II) other expenses, losses, or deductions (other than the deduction allowed under this subsection), which are properly allocable to such receipts. ‘‘(B) A
LLOCATION METHOD .—The Secretary shall prescribe rules for the proper alloca-tion of items described in subparagraph (A) for purposes of determining qualified produc-tion activities income. Such rules shall pro-vide for the proper allocation of items whether or not such items are directly allo-cable to domestic production gross receipts. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING  
COSTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-mining costs under subclause (I) of subpara-graph (A)(ii), any item or service brought into the United States shall be treated as ac-quired by purchase, and its cost shall be treated as not less than its value imme-diately after it entered the United States. A similar rule shall apply in determining the adjusted basis of leased or rented property where the lease or rental gives rise to domes-tic production gross receipts. ‘‘(ii) E
XPORTS FOR FURTHER MANUFAC -
TURE .—In the case of any property described in clause (i) that had been exported by the taxpayer for further manufacture, the in-crease in cost or adjusted basis under clause (i) shall not exceed the difference between the value of the property when exported and the value of the property when brought back into the United States after the further man-ufacture. ‘‘(D) D
OMESTIC PRODUCTION GROSS RE -
CEIPTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘domestic pro-duction gross receipts’ means the gross re-ceipts of the taxpayer which are derived from any lease, rental, license, sale, ex-change, or other disposition of any agricul-tural or horticultural product which was manufactured, produced, grown, or extracted by the taxpayer (determined after the appli-cation of paragraph (4)(B)) in whole or sig-nificant part within the United States. Such term shall not include gross receipts of the taxpayer which are derived from the lease, rental, license, sale, exchange, or other dis-position of land. ‘‘(ii) R
ELATED PERSONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘domestic pro-duction gross receipts’ shall not include any gross receipts of the taxpayer derived from property leased, licensed, or rented by the taxpayer for use by any related person. ‘‘(II) R
ELATED PERSON .—For purposes of subclause (I), a person shall be treated as re-lated to another person if such persons are treated as a single employer under sub-section (a) or (b) of section 52 or subsection (m) or (o) of section 414, except that deter-minations under subsections (a) and (b) of section 52 shall be made without regard to section 1563(b). ‘‘(4) SPECIFIED AGRICULTURAL OR HORTI -
CULTURAL COOPERATIVE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified agri-cultural or horticultural cooperative’ means an organization to which part I of sub-chapter T applies which is engaged— ‘‘(i) in the manufacturing, production, growth, or extraction in whole or significant part of any agricultural or horticultural product, or ‘‘(ii) in the marketing of agricultural or horticultural products. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION TO MARKETING COOPERA -
TIVES .—A specified agricultural or horti-cultural cooperative described in subpara-graph (A)(ii) shall be treated as having man-ufactured, produced, grown, or extracted in whole or significant part any agricultural or horticultural product marketed by the speci-fied agricultural or horticultural cooperative which its patrons have so manufactured, pro-duced, grown, or extracted. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) S
PECIAL RULE FOR AFFILIATED  
GROUPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—All members of an ex-panded affiliated group shall be treated as a single corporation for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(ii) P
ARTNERSHIPS OWNED BY EXPANDED AF -
FILIATED GROUPS .—For purposes of paragraph (3)(D), if all of the interests in the capital and profits of a partnership are owned by members of a single expanded affiliated group at all times during the taxable year of such partnership, the partnership and all members of such group shall be treated as a single taxpayer during such period. ‘‘(iii) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘ex-panded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), deter-mined— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (4) of section 1504(b). ‘‘(iv) A
LLOCATION OF DEDUCTION .—Except as provided in regulations, the deduction under paragraph (1) shall be allocated among the members of the expanded affiliated group in proportion to each member’s respective amount (if any) of qualified production ac-tivities income. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR COOPERATIVE PART -
NERS .—In the case of a specified agricultural or horticultural cooperative which is a part-ner in a partnership, rules similar to the rules of subsection (f)(1) shall apply for pur-poses of this subsection. ‘‘(C) T
RADE OR BUSINESS REQUIREMENT .— This subsection shall be applied by only tak-ing into account items which are attrib-utable to the actual conduct of a trade or business. ‘‘(D) U
NRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE IN -
COME .—For purposes of determining the tax imposed by section 511, this section shall be applied by substituting ‘unrelated business taxable income’ for ‘taxable income’ each place it appears in this section (other than this subparagraph). ‘‘(E) S
PECIAL RULE FOR COOPERATIVE WITH  
OIL RELATED QUALIFIED PRODUCTION ACTIVI -
TIES INCOME .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a specified agricultural or horticultural cooperative has oil related qualified production activities income for any taxable year, the amount otherwise al-lowable as a deduction under paragraph (1) shall be reduced by 3 percent of the least of— ‘‘(I) the oil related qualified production ac-tivities income of the cooperative for the taxable year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1998 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(II) the qualified production activities in-come of the cooperative for the taxable year, or ‘‘(III) taxable income. ‘‘(ii) O
IL RELATED QUALIFIED PRODUCTION  
ACTIVITIES INCOME .—For purposes of this sub-paragraph, the term ‘oil related qualified production activities income’ means for any taxable year the qualified production activi-ties income which is attributable to the pro-duction, refining, processing, transportation, or distribution of oil, gas, or any primary product thereof (within the meaning of sec-tion 927(a)(2)(C), as in effect before its repeal) during such taxable year. ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including regulations which prevent more than 1 taxpayer from being allowed a deduc-tion under this subsection with respect to any activity described in paragraph (3)(D)(i). Such regulations shall be based on the regu-lations applicable to cooperatives and their patrons under section 199 (as in effect before its repeal).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Sections 63(b)(3), 63(d)(3), 199A(e)(1), and 6662(d)(1)(C) of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘the deduction’’ and in-serting ‘‘any deduction’’. (B) The last sentence of section 62(a) of such Code and section 172(d)(8) of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘The deduc-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Any deduction’’. (C) Section 199A(e)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Taxable income’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in subsection (g)(2)(B), taxable income’’. (D) Section 613(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘the deduction under section 199A’’ and inserting ‘‘any deduction under section 199A’’. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS RELATED TO PAYMENTS  F
ROMCOOPERATIVES .— (1) R
EPEAL OF SPECIAL DEDUCTION FOR  
QUALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVIDENDS .—Sub- section (a) of section 199A of such Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction for any taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the combined qualified business in-come amount of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 20 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the net capital gain (as defined in sec-tion 1(h)) of the taxpayer for such taxable year.’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF RULE EXCLUDING QUALIFIED  
COOPERATIVE DIVIDENDS FROM QUALIFIED BUSI -
NESS INCOME .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199A(c)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘, qualified co-operative dividends,’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 199A(c)(3)(B) of such Code is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘investment’’ in the matter preceding clause (i), and (II) by adding at the end of clause (ii) the following: ‘‘Any amount described in section 1385(a)(1) shall not be treated as described in this clause.’’. (ii) Section 199A(e) of such Code is amend-ed by striking paragraph (4) and by redesig-nating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4). (3) R
EDUCTION OF QUALIFIED BUSINESS IN -
COME WITH RESPECT TO INCOME RECEIVED FROM  
COOPERATIVES .—Section 199A(b) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULE WITH RESPECT TO INCOME  
RECEIVED FROM COOPERATIVES .—In the case of any qualified trade or business of a patron of a specified agricultural or horticultural co-operative, the amount determined under paragraph (2) with respect to such trade or business shall be reduced by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 9 percent of so much of the qualified business income with respect to such trade or business as is properly allocable to quali-fied payments received from such coopera-tive, or ‘‘(B) 50 percent of so much of the W-2 wages with respect to such trade or business as are so allocable.’’. (c) APPLICATION OF SECTION 199 TOCERTAIN  Q
UALIFIED PAYMENTS PAIDAFTER 2017.—Sub- section (c) of section 13305 of Public Law 115– 97 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. ‘‘(2) T
RANSITION RULE FOR QUALIFIED PAY -
MENTS OF PATRONS OF COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to a qualified payment received by a taxpayer from a spec-ified agricultural or horticultural coopera-tive in a taxable year of the taxpayer begin-ning after December 31, 2017, which is attrib-utable to qualified production activities in-come with respect to which a deduction is al-lowable to the cooperative under section 199 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in ef-fect before the amendments made by this section) for a taxable year of the cooperative beginning before January 1, 2018. Any term used in this subparagraph which is also used in section 199 of such Code (as so in effect) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 199A .—No deduction shall be allowed under section 199A of such Code for any qualified payment to which subparagraph (A) applies.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 11011 of Public Law 115– 97. (2) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 199 TO CERTAIN  
QUALIFIED PAYMENTS PAID AFTER 2017 .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall take effect as if included in section 13305 of Public Law 115–97. 
SEC. 102. INCREASE IN STATE HOUSING CREDIT CEILING FOR , 2019, 2020, 2021. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 42(h)(3)(I) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I) I
NCREASE IN STATE HOUSING CREDIT  
CEILING FOR 2018, 2019, 2020, AND2021.—In the case of calendar years 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021, each of the dollar amounts in effect under clauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (C)(ii) for any calendar year (after any in-crease under subparagraph (H)) shall be in-creased by multiplying such dollar amount by 1.125.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 103. AVERAGE INCOME TEST FOR LOW-IN-COME HOUSING CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 42(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), or (C)’’, and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) A
VERAGE INCOME TEST .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The project meets the minimum requirements of this subparagraph if 40 percent or more (25 percent or more in the case of a project described in section 142(d)(6)) of the residential units in such project are both rent-restricted and occupied by individuals whose income does not exceed the imputed income limitation designated by the taxpayer with respect to the respective unit. ‘‘(ii) SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO INCOME  
LIMITATION .—For purposes of clause (i)— ‘‘(I) D
ESIGNATION .—The taxpayer shall des-ignate the imputed income limitation of each unit taken into account under such clause. ‘‘(II) A
VERAGE TEST .—The average of the imputed income limitations designated under subclause (I) shall not exceed 60 per-cent of area median gross income. ‘‘(III) 10-
PERCENT INCREMENTS .—The des- ignated imputed income limitation of any unit under subclause (I) shall be 20 percent, 30 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent, 70 percent, or 80 percent of area median gross income.’’. (b) R
ULES RELATING TO NEXT AVAILABLE  U
NIT.—Subparagraph (D) of section 42(g)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv)’’, (2) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a project with respect to which the taxpayer elects the requirements of subpara-graph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1), if’’, (B) by striking the second sentence, and (C) by striking ‘‘N
EXT AVAILABLE UNIT  
MUST BE RENTED TO LOW -INCOME TENANT IF IN -
COME RISES ABOVE 140 PERCENT OF INCOME  
LIMIT ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘R ENTAL  
OF NEXT AVAILABLE UNIT IN CASE OF 20 –50 OR  
40–60 TEST ’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(iii) R
ENTAL OF NEXT AVAILABLE UNIT IN  
CASE OF AVERAGE INCOME TEST .—In the case of a project with respect to which the tax-payer elects the requirements of subpara-graph (C) of paragraph (1), if the income of the occupants of the unit increases above 140 percent of the greater of— ‘‘(I) 60 percent of area median gross in-come, or ‘‘(II) the imputed income limitation des-ignated with respect to the unit under para-graph (1)(C)(ii)(I), clause (i) shall cease to apply to any such unit if any residential rental unit in the building (of a size comparable to, or smaller than, such unit) is occupied by a new resi-dent whose income exceeds the limitation described in clause (v). ‘‘(iv) D
EEP RENT SKEWED PROJECTS .—In the case of a project described in section 142(d)(4)(B), clause (ii) or (iii), whichever is applicable, shall be applied by substituting ‘170 percent’ for ‘140 percent’, and— ‘‘(I) in the case of clause (ii), by sub-stituting ‘any low-income unit in the build-ing is occupied by a new resident whose in-come exceeds 40 percent of area median gross income’ for ‘any residential rental unit’ and all that follows in such clause, and ‘‘(II) in the case of clause (iii), by sub-stituting ‘any low-income unit in the build-ing is occupied by a new resident whose in-come exceeds the lesser of 40 percent of area median gross income or the imputed income limitation designated with respect to such unit under paragraph (1)(C)(ii)(I)’ for ‘any residential rental unit’ and all that follows in such clause. ‘‘(v) L
IMITATION DESCRIBED .—For purposes of clause (iii), the limitation described in this clause with respect to any unit is— ‘‘(I) the imputed income limitation des-ignated with respect to such unit under para-graph (1)(C)(ii)(I), in the case of a unit which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1999 March 22, 2018 
was taken into account as a low-income unit prior to becoming vacant, and ‘‘(II) the imputed income limitation which would have to be designated with respect to such unit under such paragraph in order for the project to continue to meet the require-ments of paragraph (1)(C)(ii)(II), in the case of any other unit.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to elections made under section 42(g)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 after the date of the en-actment of this Act. DIVISION U—TAX TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS; ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Technical Corrections Act of 2018’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF1986.—Except as otherwise expressly pro-vided, whenever in this division an amend-ment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; etc. TITLE I—TAX TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Sec. 101. Amendments relating to Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015. Sec. 102. Amendment relating to Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016. Sec. 103. Amendments relating to Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act. Sec. 104. Amendments relating to Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improve-ment Act of 2015. Sec. 105. Amendments relating to Stephen Beck, Jr., ABLE Act of 2014. Sec. 106. Amendment relating to American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012. Sec. 107. Amendment relating to United States-Korea Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act. Sec. 108. Amendment relating to SAFETEA– LU. Sec. 109. Amendments relating to the Amer-ican Jobs Creation Act of 2004. TITLE II—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RE-LATED TO PARTNERSHIP AUDIT RULES Sec. 201. Scope of adjustments subject to partnership audit rules. Sec. 202. Determination of imputed under-payments. Sec. 203. Alternative procedure to filing amended returns for purposes of modifying imputed under-payment. Sec. 204. Treatment of passthrough partners in tiered structures. Sec. 205. Treatment of failure of partnership to pay imputed underpayment. Sec. 206. Other technical corrections related to partnership audit rules. Sec. 207. Effective date. TITLE III—OTHER CORRECTIONS Sec. 301. Amendments relating to the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015. Sec. 302. Amendments relating to the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005. TITLE IV—CLERICAL CORRECTIONS AND DEADWOOD Sec. 401. Clerical corrections and deadwood- related provisions. TITLE I—TAX TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 101. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO PRO-TECTING AMERICANS FROM TAX HIKES ACT OF 2015. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 103.— (1) Section 32(b)(2) is amended— (A) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-paragraph (B), and (B) by striking so much of subparagraph (B) as precedes ‘‘In the case of a joint re-turn’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) JOINT RETURNS .—’’. (2) Section 32(j)(1) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘after 1996’’ and inserting ‘‘after 2015’’, (B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘by substituting in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’ after ‘‘, determined’’ , (C) in subparagraph (B)(i) by striking ‘‘by substituting’’ and ‘‘in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’, (D) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘by substituting’’ and ‘‘in subparagraph (A)(ii) of such section 1’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’, (iii) by striking ‘‘(b)(2)(B)(iii)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(b)(2)(B)’’, and (iv) by striking ‘‘2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2008’’. (b) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 105.— Section 132(f)(6)(A) is amended by striking the second sentence. (c) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  121.—Section 41(c) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4), (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively, and (3) by striking the last sentence of para-graph (4)(C) (as so redesignated). (d) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  143.— (1) Section 168(k)(2)(B)(i)(III) is amended by inserting ‘‘binding’’ before ‘‘contract’’. (2) Section 168(k)(5)(B)(ii) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘crop or’’ after ‘‘more than one’’, and (B) by inserting ‘‘a marketable crop or yield of’’ after ‘‘begins bearing’’. (3) For purposes of applying section 168(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of Public Law 115-97, with respect to property acquired before September 28, 2017, paragraph (6) thereof shall be treated as reading as follows (and as having been in-cluded in section 143 of the Protecting Amer-icans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015): ‘‘(6) P
HASE -DOWN .—In the case of qualified property placed in service by the taxpayer after December 31, 2017 (December 31, 2018, in the case of property described in subpara-graph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied by substituting for ‘50 percent’— ‘‘(A) ‘40 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service in 2018 (other than property described in subpara-graph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in service in 2019, and ‘‘(B) ‘30 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service in 2019 (other than property described in subpara-graph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in service in 2020.’’. (4) Section 168(k)(7) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, as in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of Public Law 115-97, shall be applied— (A) by substituting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2)(F), and (4)’’ for ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)(F)’’, and (B) as if the application of such substi-tution had been included in section 143 of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015. (e) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  167.— (1) Section 168(j)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘property to which paragraph (1) applies’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified Indian reservation property’’. (2) Section 168(j)(8) is amended by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (f) AMENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  202.— (1) Section 6722(c)(3)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘any information return’’ in clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘the payee state-ment’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘filed’’ in the flush matter at the end and inserting ‘‘furnished’’. (2) Section 6721(c)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘any information return’’ and in-serting ‘‘the information return’’. (3) Section 202(e) of the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘provided’’ and inserting ‘‘fur-nished’’. (g) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  203.— (1) Section 6109(i)(1)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘community-based certified accept-ance agent’’ and inserting ‘‘community- based certifying acceptance agent’’. (2) Section 6109(i)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service’’ and in-serting ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, a com-munity-based certifying acceptance agent approved by the Secretary,’’. (3) Section 6109(i)(3) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘ending after the issuance of such number’’ before the period at the end of the first sentence, and (ii) by striking ‘‘on the last day of such third consecutive taxable year’’ and insert-ing ‘‘on the day after the due date for the re-turn of tax for such third consecutive tax-able year’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (B)(ii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(ii) if the individual does not file a return of tax (or is not included as a dependent on the return of tax of another taxpayer) for 3 consecutive taxable years at least one of which ends after December 18, 2015, the due date for the return of tax for such third con-secutive taxable year.’’. (4) Section 203(c) of the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 6109(i)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6109(i)(1)’’, (B) by striking ‘‘community-based cer-tified acceptance agents’’ and inserting ‘‘community-based certifying acceptance agents’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘C
ERTIFIED ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘C
ERTIFYING ’’. (5) Section 203(f) of the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘The amendments’’ and inserting ‘‘Except to the extent provided in section 6109(i)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the amendments’’. (h) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  204.—Section 204(b) of the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2), and (2) by striking so much as precedes ‘‘amendment made by this section’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) E
FFECTIVE  D
ATE.—The’’. (i) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  205.— (1) Section 24(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘identifying number’’ and inserting ‘‘tax-payer identification number’’. (2) Section 205(c) of the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2), and (B) by striking so much as precedes ‘‘shall apply to any return of tax’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2000 March 22, 2018 
(j) A MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  206.—Section 206(b) of the Protecting Ameri-cans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendment’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘The amendment’’, and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (k) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 209.— Section 209(d)(2) of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘amendment made by subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘amendments made by subsections (b) and (c)’’. (l) A
MENDMENTS RELATED TO SECTIONS 102, 206, 207, 208, 
AND211.— (1) Section 25A(b)(1) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000’’, and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000’’, and (iii) by striking ‘‘the applicable limit’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,000’’. (2) Subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 25A(b)(2) are amended by striking ‘‘2’’ in the heading and text of each subparagraph and inserting ‘‘4’’. (3) Section 25A(b)(4) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) R
ESTRICTIONS ON TAXPAYERS WHO IM -
PROPERLY CLAIMED AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY  
TAX CREDIT IN PRIOR YEARS .— ‘‘(A) T
AXPAYERS MAKING PRIOR FRAUDULENT  
OR RECKLESS CLAIMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No American Oppor-tunity Tax Credit shall be allowed under this section for any taxable year in the disallow-ance period. ‘‘(ii) D
ISALLOWANCE PERIOD .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the disallowance period is— ‘‘(I) the period of 10 taxable years after the most recent taxable year for which there was a final determination that the taxpayer’s claim of the American Opportunity Tax Credit under this section was due to fraud, and ‘‘(II) the period of 2 taxable years after the most recent taxable year for which there was a final determination that the taxpayer’s claim of the American Opportunity Tax Credit under this section was due to reckless or intentional disregard of rules and regula-tions (but not due to fraud). ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYERS MAKING IMPROPER PRIOR  
CLAIMS .—In the case of a taxpayer who is de-nied the American Opportunity Tax Credit under this section for any taxable year as a result of the deficiency procedures under subchapter B of chapter 63, no American Op-portunity Tax Credit shall be allowed under this section for any subsequent taxable year unless the taxpayer provides such informa-tion as the Secretary may require to dem-onstrate eligibility for such credit.’’. (4) Section 25A(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS BASED ON MODIFIED AD-
JUSTED GROSS INCOME .— ‘‘(1) A
MERICAN OPPORTUNITY TAX CREDIT .— The American Opportunity Tax Credit (de-termined without regard to this paragraph) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount which bears the same ratio to such credit (as so determined) as— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer’s modified adjusted gross income for such taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) $80,000 ($160,000 in the case of a joint return), bears to ‘‘(B) $10,000 ($20,000 in the case of a joint re-turn). ‘‘(2) L
IFETIME LEARNING CREDIT .—The Life- time Learning Credit (determined without regard to this paragraph) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount which bears the same ratio to such credit (as so de-termined) as— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer’s modified adjusted gross income for such taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) $40,000 ($80,000 in the case of a joint re-turn), bears to ‘‘(B) $10,000 ($20,000 in the case of a joint re-turn). ‘‘(3) MODIFIED ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘modified adjusted gross income’ means the adjusted gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year increased by any amount ex-cluded from gross income under section 911, 931, or 933.’’. (5) Section 25A(f)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) R
EQUIRED COURSE MATERIALS TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT FOR AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY  
TAX CREDIT .—For purposes of determining the American Opportunity Tax Credit, sub-paragraph (A) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘tuition, fees, and course materials’ for ‘tuition and fees’.’’. (6) Section 25A(g)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘No credit’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No credit’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL IDENTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS WITH RESPECT TO AMERICAN OPPOR -
TUNITY TAX CREDIT .— ‘‘(i) S
TUDENT .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not be treated as met with respect to the American Opportunity Tax Credit unless the individual’s taxpayer identification number was issued on or be-fore the due date for filing the return of tax for the taxable year. ‘‘(ii) T
AXPAYER .—No American Oppor-tunity Tax Credit shall be allowed under this section if the taxpayer identification number of the taxpayer was issued after the due date for filing the return for the taxable year. ‘‘(iii) I
NSTITUTION .—No American Oppor-tunity Tax Credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer includes the em-ployer identification number of any institu-tion to which qualified tuition and related expenses were paid with respect to the indi-vidual.’’. (7) Section 25A(h) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2001, the $40,000 and $80,000 amounts in subsection (d)(2) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2000’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000.’’. (8) Section 25A(i) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) P
ORTION OF AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY  T
AXCREDIT MADE REFUNDABLE .—Forty per-cent of so much of the credit allowed under subsection (a) as is attributable to the Amer-ican Opportunity Tax Credit (determined after application of subsection (d) and with-out regard to this paragraph and section 26(a)) shall be treated as a credit allowable under subpart C (and not allowed under sub-section (a)). The preceding sentence shall not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer is a child to whom subsection (g) of section 1 applies for such taxable year.’’. (9) The heading of section 25A is amended by striking ‘‘HOPE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AMERICAN  
OPPORTUNITY ’’. (10) The item relating to section 25A in the table of contents for subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 25A. American Opportunity and Life-time Learning credits.’’. (11) The heading of section 25A(b) is amended by striking ‘‘H
OPE SCHOLARSHIP  C
REDIT ’’ and inserting ‘‘A MERICAN OPPOR -
TUNITY TAXCREDIT ’’. (12) The heading of section 25A(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘
HOPE SCHOLARSHIP  
CREDIT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AMERICAN OPPOR -
TUNITY TAX CREDIT ’’. (13) The heading of section 25A(c)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘
HOPE SCHOLARSHIP ’’ and inserting ‘‘
AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY TAX  
CREDIT ’’. (14) Section 25A, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘Hope Scholarship Credit’’ each place it appears in the text and inserting ‘‘American Opportunity Tax Credit’’. (15) The heading of section 529(c)(3)(B)(v) is amended by striking ‘‘
HOPE ’’ and inserting ‘‘
AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ’’. (16) The heading of section 530(d)(2)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘
HOPE ’’ and inserting ‘‘
AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ’’. (17) Section 6211(b)(4)(A), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (i)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (i)’’. (18) Section 6213(g)(2)(Q) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(Q) an omission of information required by section 25A(b)(4)(B) or an entry on the re-turn claiming the American Opportunity Tax Credit for a taxable year for which such credit is disallowed under section 25A(b)(4)(A).’’. (19) Section 207(b)(1) of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘the American oppor-tunity tax credit under section 25A(i) of such Code’’ and inserting ‘‘the American Oppor-tunity Tax Credit under section 25A of such Code’’. (m) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION  311.— (1) The last sentence of section 355(h)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘at least 80 percent’’. (2) Section 355(h)(2) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘
SPINOFFS ’’ in the heading of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘
DISTRIBU -
TIONS ’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘S
PINOFFS ’’ in the headings of subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting ‘‘D
ISTRIBUTIONS ’’. (n) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 318.— (1) Section 856(c)(9)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Personal property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Personal property’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF GAIN ON DISPOSITION .— If— ‘‘(I) personal property is leased under, or in connection with, a lease of real property, for a period of not less than 1 year, and rents at-tributable to such personal property are treated as rents from real property under subsection (d)(1)(C), ‘‘(II) any portion of such personal property and any portion of such real property are sold, or otherwise disposed of, in a single dis-position (or contemporaneously in separate dispositions), and ‘‘(III) the fair market value of the personal property so sold or contemporaneously dis-posed of (determined at the time of disposi-tion) does not exceed 15 percent of the total 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2001 March 22, 2018 
fair market value of all of the personal and real property so sold or contemporaneously disposed of (determined at the time of dis-position), any gain from such dispositions shall be treated for purposes of paragraphs (2)(H) and (3)(H) as gain from the disposition of a real estate asset.’’. (2) Section 856(c)(9)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN PERSONAL PROPERTY MORT -
GAGED IN CONNECTION WITH REAL PROPERTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an obliga-tion secured by a mortgage on both real property and personal property, if the fair market value of such personal property does not exceed 15 percent of the total fair mar-ket value of all such property, such obliga-tion shall be treated— ‘‘(I) for purposes of paragraph (3)(B), as an obligation described therein, ‘‘(II) for purposes of paragraph (4)(A), as a real estate asset, and ‘‘(III) for purposes of paragraphs (2)(D) and (3)(C), as a mortgage on real property. ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the fair market value of all such property shall be determined for pur-poses of clause (i) in the same manner as the fair market value of real property is deter-mined for purposes of apportioning interest income between real property and personal property under paragraph (3)(B). ‘‘(II) G
AIN ON DISPOSITION .—For purposes of applying clause (i)(III), fair market value shall be determined at the time of sale or other disposition.’’. (o) A
MENDMENT RELATED TO SECTION  302(b).—Section 529A(c)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (D). (p) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  322.— (1) Section 897(k)(2) is amended— (A) by striking so much of subparagraph (B) as precedes ‘‘amounts realized by the qualified shareholder’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a qualified shareholder with one or more applicable in-vestors— ‘‘(i) subparagraph (A)(i) shall not apply to the applicable percentage of the stock of the real estate investment trust held by the qualified shareholder, and ‘‘(ii) the applicable percentage of the’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (B), the term ‘applica-ble percentage’ means the percentage of the value of the interests (other than interests held solely as a creditor) in the qualified shareholder held by applicable investors.’’. (2) Section 897(k)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’. (3) Section 897(k)(2)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘and (C) and paragraph (4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘and (D)’’. (4) Section 897(k)(3)(B)(i) is amended by striking so much as precedes ‘‘for a reduced rate of withholding’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) which— ‘‘(I) is eligible for benefits under the com-prehensive income tax treaty described in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), but only if the divi-dends article of such treaty imposes condi-tions on the benefits allowable in the case of dividends paid by a real estate investment trust, and ‘‘(II) is eligible under such treaty’’. (5) Section 897(k)(3)(B)(ii) is amended— (A) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-clause (II), and (B) by striking ‘‘United States corpora-tion’’ in subclause (III) and inserting ‘‘do-mestic corporation’’. (6) Section 322 of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 is amended by striking subsections (b)(2) and (c)(3), and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be ap-plied as if such subsections, and amendments made thereby, had never been enacted. (7) Section 322(c)(2) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘take effect on’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘apply with respect to testing periods (as defined in section 897(h)(4)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) ending on or after’’. (q) AMENDMENTS RELATED TO SECTION 323.— (1) So much of subsection (l) of section 897 as precedes paragraph (2) thereof is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED FOREIGN  P
ENSION FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a qualified foreign pension fund shall not be treated as a nonresident alien indi-vidual or a foreign corporation. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an entity all the interests of which are held by a qualified for-eign pension fund shall be treated as such a fund.’’. (2) Subparagraph (B) of section 897(l)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) which is established— ‘‘(i) by such country (or one or more polit-ical subdivisions thereof) to provide retire-ment or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are current or former em-ployees (including self-employed individuals) or persons designated by such employees, as a result of services rendered by such employ-ees to their employers, or ‘‘(ii) by one or more employers to provide retirement or pension benefits to partici-pants or beneficiaries that are current or former employees (including self-employed individuals) or persons designated by such employees in consideration for services ren-dered by such employees to such employ-ers,’’. (3) Section 897(l)(2)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘provides annual information reporting about its beneficiaries to the relevant tax authorities’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to which annual information about its bene-ficiaries is provided, or is otherwise avail-able, to the relevant tax authorities’’. (4) Section 897(l)(2)(E) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘such entity’’ in clause (i) and inserting ‘‘such entity or arrangement’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘or such income is taxed at a reduced rate’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘, or such income is excluded from the gross in-come of such entity or arrangement or is taxed at a reduced rate’’. (r) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  333.— (1) Section 831(b)(2)(B)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘specified assets’’ and inserting ‘‘relevant specified assets’’ (2) Section 831(b)(2)(B) is amended by re-designating clause (ii) as clause (iv) and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clauses: ‘‘(ii) A
GGREGATION OF CERTAIN SPOUSAL IN -
TERESTS .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), any interest in the insurance company referred to in such clause which is held (directly or indirectly) by an individual who is a spouse of the specified holder, and who is a citizen of the United States, shall be treated as held by the specified holder. ‘‘(iii) S
PECIFIED HOLDER .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘specified hold-er’ means, with respect to any insurance company, any individual who holds (directly or indirectly) an interest in such insurance company and who— ‘‘(I) is a lineal descendent (including by adoption) of an individual who holds an in-terest (directly or indirectly) in the specified assets with respect to such insurance com-pany or of such individual’s spouse, ‘‘(II) is a spouse of any lineal descendent described in subclause (I), or ‘‘(III) is not a citizen of the United States and is a spouse of an individual who holds an interest (directly or indirectly) in the speci-fied assets with respect to such insurance company.’’. (3) Section 831(b)(2)(B)(iv), as redesignated by paragraph (2), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘clause (i)(II)’’ in the mat-ter preceding subclause (I) and inserting ‘‘this subparagraph’’, and (B) by amending subclause (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) RELEVANT SPECIFIED ASSETS .—The term ‘relevant specified assets’ means, with respect to any specified holder with respect to any insurance company, the aggregate amount of the specified assets, with respect to such insurance company, any interest in which is held (directly or indirectly) by any spouse or specified relation of such specified holder. Such term shall not include any spec-ified asset solely by reason of an interest in such asset which was acquired by such spouse or specified relation by bequest, de-vise, or inheritance from a decedent during the taxable year of the insurance company or the preceding taxable year. For purposes of this subclause, the term ‘specified rela-tion’ means any individual with respect to whom the specified holder bears a relation-ship described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii).’’. (4) Section 831(b)(2) is amended by redesig-nating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) L
OOK-THROUGH OF REINSURANCE AND  
FRONTING ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of re-insurance or any fronting, intermediary, or similar arrangement, the term ‘policyholder’ means each policyholder of the underlying direct written insurance with respect to such reinsurance or arrangement.’’. (s) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the provision of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 to which they relate. 
SEC. 102. AMENDMENT RELATING TO CONSOLI-DATED APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 305 OF D
IVISION P.—For purposes of applying sec-tion 199(c)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect before its repeal by Public Law 115-97) to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015, and before January 1, 2018, such section shall be applied— (1) by inserting ‘‘who elects the application of this clause for any taxable year,’’ after ‘‘In the case of any taxpayer’’, (2) by substituting ‘‘, and who’’ for ‘‘and who’’, (3) by substituting ‘‘such taxable year’’ for ‘‘the taxable year’’, and (4) by substituting ‘‘(as defined in sub-section (d)(9)(B))’’ for ‘‘under subsection (d)(9)(B)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 305 of division P of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. 
SEC. 103. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE TRANSPOR-TATION ACT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  32101.— (1) Section 7345(e)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or the Tax Court’’ and in-serting ‘‘, or against the Commissioner in the Tax Court,’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2002 March 22, 2018 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sentence, the court first acquiring jurisdiction over such an action shall have sole jurisdiction.’’. (2) Section 7345(f) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(1)(B)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 32101 of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act. 
SEC. 104. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVE-MENT ACT OF 2015. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION  2004.—Section 6662(k) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(k) I
NCONSISTENT ESTATE BASIS REPORT -
ING.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘inconsistent estate basis’ means any portion of an underpayment attributable to the fail-ure to comply with section 1014(f).’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  2008.—Section 9503(e)(2) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘per gallon’’ in subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘per energy equiva-lent of a gallon of diesel (as defined in sec-tion 4041(a)(2)(D))’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘per gallon’’ in subpara-graph (D) and inserting ‘‘per energy equiva-lent of a gallon of gasoline (as defined in sec-tion 4041(a)(2)(C))’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the provision of the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 to which they relate. 
SEC. 105. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO STEPHEN BECK, JR., ABLE ACT OF 2014. 
(a) A MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  208.—Section 208(h) of the Stephen Beck, Jr., ABLE Act of 2014 is amended— (1) by striking so much as precedes ‘‘made by this section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments’’, (2) by inserting ‘‘, and statements required to be furnished,’’ after ‘‘returns required to be filed’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
UBSECTION (c).—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to returns or claims for refund filed after December 31, 2014.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 208 of the Stephen Beck, Jr., ABLE Act of 2014. 
SEC. 106. AMENDMENT RELATING TO AMERICAN TAXPAYER RELIEF ACT OF 2012. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 104.— Section 6211(b)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (i)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (i)(5)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 104 of the American Tax-payer Relief Act of 2012. 
SEC. 107. AMENDMENT RELATING TO UNITED STATES-KOREA FREE TRADE AGREE-MENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 501.— Section 501(b) of the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act is amended by striking ‘‘returns required to be filed’’ and inserting ‘‘documents pre-pared’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 501 of the United States- Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act. 
SEC. 108. AMENDMENT RELATING TO SAFETEA– LU. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION  11125.—Section 5681(b) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘who has paid the special tax (or who is exempt from payment of such special tax by reason of the provisions of section 5113(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘who meets the requirements of section 5121(a) and section 5124 (or who is exempt from such requirements by reason of section 5121(b))’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 11125 of the Safe, Ac-countable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users. 
SEC. 109. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO THE AMERICAN JOBS CREATION ACT OF 2004. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 233.— Section 1361(c)(2)(B)(vi) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘a shareholder’’ and inserting ‘‘the shareholder’’. (b) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 319.— Section 501(c)(12)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘means the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission’’ and all that follows and inserting: ‘‘means— ‘‘(i) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, or ‘‘(ii) in the case of any utility with respect to which all of the electricity generated, transmitted, or distributed by such utility is generated, transmitted, distributed, and con-sumed in the same State, the State agency of such State with the authority to regulate electric utilities.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 319 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. TITLE II—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATED TO PARTNERSHIP AUDIT RULES 
SEC. 201. SCOPE OF ADJUSTMENTS SUBJECT TO PARTNERSHIP AUDIT RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6241(2) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘partnership adjustment’ means any adjustment to a partnership-related item. ‘‘(B) P
ARTNERSHIP -RELATED ITEM .—The term ‘partnership-related item’ means— ‘‘(i) any item or amount with respect to the partnership (without regard to whether or not such item or amount appears on the partnership’s return and including an im-puted underpayment and any item or amount relating to any transaction with, basis in, or liability of, the partnership) which is relevant (determined without re-gard to this subchapter) in determining the tax liability of any person under chapter 1, and ‘‘(ii) any partner’s distributive share of any item or amount described in clause (i).’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER CHAPTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6241 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(9) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER CHAPTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This subchapter shall not apply with respect to any tax imposed (including any amount required to be de-ducted or withheld) under chapter 2, 2A, 3, or 4, except that any partnership adjustment determined under this subchapter for pur-poses of chapter 1 shall be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining any such tax to the extent that such adjustment is relevant to such determination. ‘‘(B) T
IMING OF WITHHOLDING .—In the case of any tax imposed (including any amount required to be deducted or withheld) under chapter 3 or 4, which is determined with re-spect to an adjustment described in subpara-graph (A), such tax— ‘‘(i) shall be so determined with respect to the reviewed year, and ‘‘(ii) shall be so imposed (or so required to be deducted or withheld) with respect to the adjustment year. ‘‘(C) STATUTE OF LIMITATION ON ASSESS -
MENT .—For special rule with respect to limi-tation on assessment of taxes under chapter 2 or 2A which are attributable to any part-nership adjustment, see section 6501(c)(12).’’. (2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Section 6501(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) C
ERTAIN TAXES ATTRIBUTABLE TO  
PARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENTS .—In the case of any partnership adjustment determined under subchapter C of chapter 63, the period for assessment of any tax imposed under chapter 2 or 2A which is attributable to such adjustment shall not expire before the date that is 1 year after— ‘‘(A) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the decision of a court in a proceeding brought under section 6234, such decision be-comes final, or ‘‘(B) in any other case, 90 days after the date on which the notice of the final partner-ship adjustment is mailed under section 6231.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 6211(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION WITHSUBCHAPTER C.—In determining the amount of any deficiency for purposes of this subchapter, adjustments to partnership-related items shall be made only as provided in subchapter C.’’. (2) Section 6221(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any adjustment to a partnership-related item shall be deter-mined, and any tax attributable thereto shall be assessed and collected, and the ap-plicability of any penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount which relates to an ad-justment to any such item shall be deter-mined, at the partnership level, except to the extent otherwise provided in this sub-chapter.’’. (3) Section 6222(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A partner shall, on the partner’s return, treat any partnership-re-lated item in a manner which is consistent with the treatment of such item on the part-nership return.’’. (4) Section 6226(a)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘any adjustment to income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit’’ and inserting ‘‘any ad-justment to a partnership-related item’’. (5) Section 6227(a) is amended by striking ‘‘items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of the partnership’’ and inserting ‘‘partnership-related items’’. (6) Section 6231(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘any item of income, gain, loss, deduc-tion, or credit of a partnership for a partner-ship taxable year’’ and inserting ‘‘any part-nership-related item for any partnership tax-able year’’. (7) Section 6234(c) is amended by striking ‘‘all items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of the partnership’’ and inserting ‘‘all partnership-related items’’. (8) Section 7485(b) is amended by striking ‘‘partnership items’’ and inserting ‘‘partner-ship-related items (as defined in section 6241)’’. 
SEC. 202. DETERMINATION OF IMPUTED UNDER-PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6225(b) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF IMPUTED UNDER -
PAYMENTS .—For purposes of this sub-chapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, any imputed under-payment with respect to any reviewed year shall be determined by the Secretary by— ‘‘(A) appropriately netting all partnership adjustments with respect to such reviewed year, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2003 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(B) applying the highest rate of tax in ef-fect for the reviewed year under section 1 or 11. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS TO DISTRIBUTIVE SHARES  
OF PARTNERS NOT NETTED .—In the case of any adjustment which reallocates the distribu-tive share of any item from one partner to another, such adjustment shall be taken into account by disregarding so much of such ad-justment as results in a decrease in the amount of the imputed underpayment. ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS SEPARATELY NETTED BY  
CATEGORY .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), partnership adjustments for any reviewed year shall first be separately determined (and netted as appropriate) within each cat-egory of items that are required to be taken into account separately under section 702(a) or other provision of this title. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ADJUSTMENTS THAT MAY  
BE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—If any adjustment would (but for this paragraph)— ‘‘(A) result in a decrease in the amount of the imputed underpayment, and ‘‘(B) could be subject to any additional limitation under the provisions of this title (or not allowed, in whole or in part, against ordinary income) if such adjustment were taken into account by any person, such adjustment shall not be taken into ac-count under paragraph (1)(A) except to the extent otherwise provided by the Sec-retary.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS OF IMPUTED UNDERPAY -
MENTS .— (1) Section 6225(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘without regard to the portion thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘without regard to the portion of the adjustment’’. (2) Section 6225(c)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘with respect to any portion of the imputed underpayment’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to any portion of the adjustment’’. (3) Section 6225(c)(5)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘without regard to the portion thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘without regard to the portion of the adjustment’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 6225(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of any ad-justments by the Secretary to any partner-ship-related items with respect to any re-viewed year of a partnership— ‘‘(1) if such adjustments result in an im-puted underpayment, the partnership shall pay an amount equal to such imputed under-payment in the adjustment year as provided in section 6232, and ‘‘(2) if such adjustments do not result in an imputed underpayment, such adjustments shall be taken into account by the partner-ship in the adjustment year.’’. (2) Section 6225(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) M
ODIFICATION OF ADJUSTMENTS NOT RE -
SULTING IN AN IMPUTED UNDERPAYMENT .—The Secretary shall establish procedures under which the adjustments described in sub-section (a)(2) may be modified in such man-ner as the Secretary determines appro-priate.’’. 
SEC. 203. ALTERNATIVE PROCEDURE TO FILING AMENDED RETURNS FOR PURPOSES OF MODIFYING IMPUTED UNDER-PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6225(c)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR PARTNERS TO TAKE  
ADJUSTMENTS INTO ACCOUNT .— ‘‘(A) A
MENDED RETURNS OF PARTNERS .— Such procedures shall provide that if— ‘‘(i) one or more partners file returns for the taxable year of the partners which in-cludes the end of the reviewed year of the partnership (and for any taxable year with respect to which any tax attribute is affected by reason of any adjustment referred to in clause (ii)), ‘‘(ii) such returns take into account all ad-justments under subsection (a) properly allo-cable to such partners (and the effect of such adjustments on any tax attributes), and ‘‘(iii) payment of any tax due is included with such returns, then the imputed underpayment amount shall be determined without regard to the portion of the adjustments so taken into ac-count. ‘‘(B) ALTERNATIVE PROCEDURE TO FILING  
AMENDED RETURNS .—Such procedures shall provide that, with respect to any partner re-ferred to in subparagraph (A), the require-ments of subparagraph (A) shall be treated as satisfied with respect to adjustments properly allocable to such partner if, in lieu of filing the returns described in such sub-paragraph— ‘‘(i) the amounts described in subparagraph (A)(iii) are paid by the partner, ‘‘(ii) the partner agrees to take into ac-count, in the form and manner prescribed by the Secretary, the adjustments to the tax at-tributes of such partner referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(ii), and ‘‘(iii) such partner provides, in the form and manner specified by the Secretary (in-cluding, if the Secretary so specifies, in the same form as on an amended return), such information as the Secretary may require to carry out this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) R
EALLOCATION OF DISTRIBUTIVE  
SHARE .—In the case of any adjustment which reallocates the distributive share of any item from one partner to another, this para-graph shall apply with respect to any such partner only if the requirements of subpara-graph (A) or (B) are satisfied with respect to all partners affected by such adjustment. ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION OF STATUTE OF LIMITA -
TIONS .—In the case of adjustments referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii), sections 6501 and 6511 shall not apply with respect to any re-turn filed for purposes of subparagraph (A)(i) or any amount paid under subparagraph (A)(iii) or (B)(i). ‘‘(E) A
DJUSTMENTS TO TAX ATTRIBUTES  
BINDING FOR AFFECTED TAXABLE YEARS OF  
PARTNER .—The adjustments to the tax at-tributes of any partner provided for in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) or (B)(ii) shall be binding with respect to the taxable year of the part-ner which includes the end of the reviewed year of the partnership and any taxable years for which any tax attribute is affected by such adjustment. Any failure to so treat any such tax attribute shall be treated for purposes of this title in the same manner as a failure to treat a partnership-related item in a manner which is consistent with the treatment of such item on the partnership return within the meaning of section 6222. ‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS IN TIERED STRUCTURES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any part-nership any partner of which is a partner-ship, subparagraph (A) or (B) may apply with respect to any partner (hereafter in this sub-paragraph referred to as the ‘relevant part-ner’) in the chain of ownership of such part-nerships if— ‘‘(I) such information as the Secretary may require is furnished to the Secretary for pur-poses of carrying out this paragraph with re-spect to such partnerships (including any in-formation the Secretary may require with respect to any chain of ownership of the rel-evant partner), and ‘‘(II) to such extent as the Secretary may require, each partnership in the chain of ownership between the relevant partner and the audited partnership satisfies the require-ments of subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF S CORPORATIONS .—For purposes of clause (i), an S corporation and its shareholders shall be treated in the same manner as a partnership and its partners.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6201(a)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or pay-ments under section 6225(c)(2)(B)(i))’’ after ‘‘returns or lists’’. 
SEC. 204. TREATMENT OF PASSTHROUGH PART-NERS IN TIERED STRUCTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6226(b) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS IN TIERED STRUCTURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a partner which re-ceives a statement under subsection (a)(2) is a partnership or an S corporation, such part-ner shall, with respect to the partner’s share of the adjustment— ‘‘(i) file with the Secretary a partnership adjustment tracking report which includes such information as the Secretary may re-quire, and ‘‘(ii)(I) furnish statements under rules similar to the rules of subsection (a)(2), or ‘‘(II) if no such statements are furnished, compute and pay an imputed underpayment under rules similar to the rules of section 6225 (other than paragraphs (2), (7), and (9) of subsection (c) thereof). ‘‘(B) D
UE DATE .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), with respect to a partner’s share of the adjustment, the partnership adjust-ment tracking report shall be filed, and the imputed underpayment shall be paid or statements shall be furnished, not later than the due date for the return for the adjust-ment year of the audited partnership. ‘‘(C) P
ARTNERSHIP PAYMENT OF TAX IF  
ELECTED OUT OF SUBCHAPTER .—In the case of a partnership which has elected the applica-tion of section 6221(b) with respect to the taxable year of the partnership which in-cludes the end of the reviewed year of the au-dited partnership, this paragraph shall apply notwithstanding such election. ‘‘(D) A
UDITED PARTNERSHIP .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘audited partner-ship’ means, with respect to any partner de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the partnership in the chain of ownership originally electing the application of this section. ‘‘(E) T
REATMENT OF TRUSTS .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe such rules as may be necessary with respect to trusts which re-ceive a statement under subsection (a)(2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 6226(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Each partner’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (4), each partner’s’’. (2) Section 6226(c)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘or which is described in subsection (b)(4)(A)(ii)(I),’’ after ‘‘is elected,’’. 
SEC. 205. TREATMENT OF FAILURE OF PARTNER-SHIP TO PAY IMPUTED UNDER-PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6232 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) F
AILURE TO PAYIMPUTED UNDER -
PAYMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any amount of any im-puted underpayment to which section 6225 applies or any specified similar amount (or any interest or penalties with respect to any such amount) has not been paid by the date which is 10 days after the date on which the Secretary provides notice and demand for such payment— ‘‘(A) section 6621(a)(2)(B) shall be applied by substituting ‘5 percentage points’ for ‘3 percentage points’ with respect to such amount, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary may assess upon each partner of the partnership (determined as of the close of the adjustment year or, if the partnership has ceased to exist as of such time, the former partners of the partnership as determined for purposes of section 6241(7)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2004 March 22, 2018 
a tax equal to such partner’s proportionate share of such amount (including any such in-terest or penalties, determined after applica-tion of subparagraph (A)). ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SIMILAR AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘specified similar amount’ means— ‘‘(A) the amount described in subclause (II) of section 6226(b)(4)(A)(ii) (including any fail-ure to satisfy the requirement of subclause (I) of such section which is treated as a fail-ure to pay such amount under section 6651(i)), and ‘‘(B) any amount assessed under paragraph (1)(B) upon a partner which is a partnership. ‘‘(3) P
ROPORTIONATE SHARE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a partner’s proportionate share is such percentage as the Secretary may determine on the basis of such partner’s distributive share. The Secretary shall make determinations under the preceding sentence such that the aggregate proportionate shares so determined total 100 percent. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH PARTNERSHIP LI -
ABILITY .—The liability of the partnership for any amount with respect to which a partner is made liable under paragraph (1) shall be reduced upon payment by the partner of such amount. Paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply with respect to any amount after the date on which such amount is paid by the partner-ship. ‘‘(5) S 
CORPORATIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, an S corporation and its share-holders shall be treated in the same manner as a partnership and its partners. ‘‘(6) R
ULES RELATED TO ASSESSMENT AND  
COLLECTION .— ‘‘(A) D
EFICIENCY PROCEDURES NOT APPLICA -
BLE.—Subchapter B shall not apply to any assessment or collection under this para-graph. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT .—Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, no as-sessment may be made (or proceeding in court begun without assessment) with re-spect to any partner with respect to an amount under paragraph (1) after the date which is 2 years after the date on which the Secretary provides the notice and demand referred to in paragraph (1) with respect to such amount.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6501(c)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘in this section’’. 
SEC. 206. OTHER TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RE-LATED TO PARTNERSHIP AUDIT RULES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON AMENDMENT OF STATE -
MENTS FURNISHED TO PARTNERS NOTAPPLICA -
BLE TO PARTNERSHIPS ELECTING OUT OF PART-
NERSHIP AUDIT RULES .—Section 6031(b) is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Information re-quired to be furnished by the partnership under this subsection may not be amended after the due date of the return under sub-section (a) to which such information re-lates, except— ‘‘(1) in the case of a partnership which has elected the application of section 6221(b) for the taxable year, ‘‘(2) as provided in the procedures under section 6225(c), ‘‘(3) with respect to statements under sec-tion 6226, or ‘‘(4) as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary.’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE ADJUSTMENT REQUEST  
ANDPARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENT TRACKING RE-
PORT NOTTREATED AS AMENDED RETURN FOR  P
URPOSES OF MODIFICATION OF IMPUTED UN-
DERPAYMENTS .—Section 6225(c)(2), as amend-ed by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) A
DJUSTMENTS NOT TREATED AS AMEND -
ED RETURN .—An administrative adjustment request under section 6227 and a partnership adjustment tracking report under section 6226(b)(4)(A) shall not be treated as a return for purposes of this paragraph.’’. (c) AUTHORITY TO REQUIRE E -FILING OF MA-
TERIALS IN CONNECTION WITHMODIFICATION  
OFIMPUTED UNDERPAYMENTS , ETC.—Section 6241, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) A
UTHORITY TO REQUIRE ELECTRONIC  
FILING .—Notwithstanding section 6011(e), the Secretary may require that anything re-quired to be filed or submitted under section 6225(c), or to be furnished to or filed with the Secretary under section 6226, be so filed, sub-mitted, or furnished by magnetic media or in other machine-readable form.’’. (d) C
LARIFICATION OF ASSESSMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 6226(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(and no assessment of tax, levy, or pro-ceeding in any court for the collection of such underpayment shall be made against such partnership)’’ after ‘‘section 6225 shall not apply with respect to such under-payment’’. (e) T
REATMENT OF PARTNERSHIP ADJUST -
MENTS THATRESULT IN DECREASE IN TAX IN  C
ASE OF ELECTION TO PUSH OUTADJUST -
MENTS .—Section 6226(b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘increased’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘adjusted’’, (2) by striking ‘‘adjustment amounts’’ each place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘correction amounts’’, (3) by striking ‘‘increase’’ each place it ap-pears in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (2) and inserting ‘‘increase or de-crease’’, (4) by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of para-graph (2)(A) and inserting ‘‘and’’, and (5) by striking ‘‘A
DJUSTMENT AMOUNTS ’’ in the heading of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘C
ORRECTION AMOUNTS ’’. (f) C
OORDINATION OF STATUTE OF LIMITA -
TION ON FILING ADMINISTRATION ADJUSTMENT  R
EQUEST WITH ADJUSTMENTS RELATED TO  F
OREIGN TAX CREDITS .—Section 6227 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHADJUSTMENTS RE-
LATED TO FOREIGN TAXCREDITS .—The Sec- retary shall issue regulations or other guid-ance which provide for the proper coordina-tion of this section and section 905(c).’’. (g) C
LARIFICATION OF ASSESSMENT OF IM-
PUTED UNDERPAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6232(a) is amended by striking ‘‘except that in the case of’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘except that— ‘‘(1) subchapter B of chapter 63 shall not apply, and ‘‘(2) in the case of an administrative ad-justment request to which section 6227(b)(1) applies, the underpayment shall be paid and may be assessed when the request is filed.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6232(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘assessment of a defi-ciency’’ and inserting ‘‘assessment of an im-puted underpayment’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new flush matter: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply in the case of a specified similar amount (as de-fined in subsection (f)(2)).’’. (h) T
IMELIMITATION FOR NOTICE OF PRO-
POSED ADJUSTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6231 is amended by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) T
IMING OF NOTICES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED PARTNERSHIP AD -
JUSTMENT .—Any notice of a proposed part-nership adjustment shall not be mailed later than the date determined under section 6235 (determined without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (a) thereof). ‘‘(2) NOTICE OF FINAL PARTNERSHIP ADJUST -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent that the partnership elects to waive the ap-plication of this subparagraph, any notice of a final partnership adjustment shall not be mailed earlier than 270 days after the date on which the notice of the proposed partnership adjustment is mailed. ‘‘(B) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON ADJUST -
MENT .—For the period of limitations on mak-ing adjustments, see section 6235.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6231(a) is amended by striking ‘‘Any notice of a final partnership adjustment’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Such notices’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Any notice of a final partnership ad-justment’’. (i) D
EPOSIT TO SUSPEND INTEREST ON IM-
PUTED UNDERPAYMENT .—Section 6233 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) D
EPOSIT TO SUSPEND INTEREST .—For rules allowing deposits to suspend running of interest on potential underpayments, see section 6603.’’. (j) D
EPOSIT TO MEET JURISDICTIONAL RE-
QUIREMENT .—The first sentence of section 6234(b) is amended by striking ‘‘the amount of the imputed underpayment (as of the date of the filing of the petition)’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount of (as of the date of the filing of the petition) the imputed underpayment, penalties, additions to tax, and additional amounts with respect to such imputed un-derpayment’’. (k) C
ORRECTIONS RELATED TO PERIOD OF  L
IMITATION ON MAKING ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) Section 6235(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘or section 905(c)’’ after ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in this sec-tion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘subchapter’’. (2) Section 6235(a)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6225(c)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 6225(c)(7))’’. (3) Section 6235(c)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6501(e)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 6501(e)(1)’’. (4) Section 6235(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE RE -
PORTED .—In the case of a partnership that is required to report any information described in section 6501(c)(8), the time for making any adjustment under this subchapter with re-spect to any tax return, event, or period to which such information relates shall not ex-pire before the date that is determined under section 6501(c)(8). ‘‘(6) L
ISTED TRANSACTIONS .—If a partner-ship fails to include on any return or state-ment any information with respect to a list-ed transaction as described in section 6501(c)(10), the time for making any adjust-ment under this subchapter with respect to such transaction shall not expire before the date that is determined under section 6501(c)(10).’’. (5) Section 6235 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (l) T
REATMENT OF SPECIAL ENFORCEMENT  M
ATTERS .—Section 6241, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(11) T
REATMENT OF SPECIAL ENFORCEMENT  
MATTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of partner-ship-related items which involve special en-forcement matters, the Secretary may pre-scribe regulations pursuant to which— ‘‘(i) this subchapter (or any portion there-of) does not apply to such items, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2005 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(ii) such items are subject to such special rules (including rules related to assessment and collection) as the Secretary determines to be necessary for the effective and efficient enforcement of this title. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL ENFORCEMENT MATTERS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘spe-cial enforcement matters’ means— ‘‘(i) failure to comply with the require-ments of section 6226(b)(4)(A)(ii), ‘‘(ii) assessments under section 6851 (relat-ing to termination assessments of income tax) or section 6861 (relating to jeopardy as-sessments of income, estate, gift, and certain excise taxes), ‘‘(iii) criminal investigations, ‘‘(iv) indirect methods of proof of income, ‘‘(v) foreign partners or partnerships, and ‘‘(vi) other matters that the Secretary de-termines by regulation present special en-forcement considerations.’’. (m) U
NITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS AND  C
ERTAIN OTHER PERSONS TREATED AS PART-
NERS .—Section 6241, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(12) U
NITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS AND  
CERTAIN OTHER PERSONS TREATED AS PART -
NERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided by the Secretary, in the case of any controlled foreign corporation (as defined in section 957 or 953(c)(1)) which is a partner of a partnership, each United States share-holder (as defined in section 951(b) or 953(c)(1)) with respect to such controlled for-eign corporation shall be treated for pur-poses of this subchapter as a partner of such partnership. For purposes of the preceding sentence, any distributive share of any such United States shareholder with respect to such partnership shall, except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, be equal to such United States shareholder’s pro rata share with respect to such controlled foreign cor-poration (determined under rules similar to the rules of section 951(a)(2)). ‘‘(B) P
ASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPA -
NIES.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), in the case of a passive foreign investment company (as defined in section 1297), each taxpayer that makes an election under sec-tion 1295 with respect to such company shall be treated in the same manner as United States shareholders under subparagraph (A), except that such taxpayer’s pro rata share with respect to the passive foreign invest-ment company shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 1293(b). ‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS OR OTHER GUIDANCE .— The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this paragraph, including regulations which apply the rules of subparagraph (A) in similar circumstances or with respect to similarly situated per-sons.’’. (n) P
ENALTIES RELATED TO ADMINISTRATIVE  A
DJUSTMENT REQUESTS AND PARTNERSHIP AD-
JUSTMENT TRACKING REPORTS .— (1) F
AILURE TO PAY .—Section 6651 is amend-ed by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j) and by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION TO IMPUTED UNDER -
PAYMENT .—For purposes of this section, any failure to comply with section 6226(b)(4)(A)(ii) shall be treated as a failure to pay the amount described in subclause (II) thereof and such amount shall be treated for purposes of this section as an amount shown as tax on a return specified in subsection (a)(1).’’. (2) F
AILURE TO FILE PARTNERSHIP ADJUST -
MENT TRACKING REPORT .—Section 6698(a) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, or a partnership adjustment tracking report under section 6226(b)(4)(A),’’ after ‘‘under section 6031’’, (B) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, or such report,’’ after ‘‘such return’’, and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or a report’’ after ‘‘a re-turn’’, and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or 6226(b)(4)(A), respec-tively’’ before the comma at the end. (3) TAX RETURN PREPARER RELATED PEN -
ALTIES .—Section 6696(e)(1) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, any administrative adjustment re-quest under section 6227, and any partnership adjustment tracking report under section 6226(b)(4)(A)’’ before the period at the end. (4) F
RIVOLOUS TAX SUBMISSIONS .—Section 6702 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) P
ARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENTS .—An ad- ministrative adjustment request under sec-tion 6227 and a partnership adjustment tracking report under section 6226(b)(4)(A) shall be treated as a return for purposes of this section.’’. (o) A
DJUSTED SCHEDULE K–1 T REATED AS  P
AYEE STATEMENT .—Section 6724(d)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (HH), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (II) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(JJ) section 6226(a)(2) (relating to state-ments relating to alternative to payment of imputed underpayment by partnership) or under any other provision of this title which provides for the application of rules similar to such section.’’. (p) O
THER CLERICAL CORRECTIONS .— (1) Section 6225(c)(7) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘submitted pursuant to paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘filed or submitted under this subsection’’. (2) Section 6227(b) is amended by striking ‘‘is made’’ both places it appears and insert-ing ‘‘is filed’’. (3) Section 6227(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘paragraphs (2), (6), and (7)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (2), (7), and (9)’’. (4) Section 6232(b) is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subtitle (other than subchapter B of this chapter)’’. (5) Section 6232(d)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘a item’’ and inserting ‘‘an item’’. (6) Section 6232(e) is amended by striking ‘‘thereof’’. (7) Section 6241(5) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 6234’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6234’’. (8) Section 7485(b) is amended by striking ‘‘a partner’’ and inserting ‘‘the partnership’’. (9) The heading of the first part of sub-chapter C of chapter 63 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART I—IN GENERAL’’. (10) The heading of the second part of sub-chapter C of chapter 63 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART II—PARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENTS’’. (11) The heading of the third part of sub-chapter C of chapter 63 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART III—PROCEDURE’’. (12) The heading of the fourth part of sub-chapter C of chapter 63 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART IV—DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES’’. 
SEC. 207. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this title shall take effect as if included in section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. TITLE III—OTHER CORRECTIONS SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO THE BI-PARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2015. 
(a) A MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  1101.— (1) Section 6011(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(A) P
ARTNERSHIPS PERMITTED TO BE RE -
QUIRED TO FILE ON MAGNETIC MEDIA .—In the case of a partnership, paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied by substituting for ‘250’ the fol-lowing amount: ‘‘(i) In the case of returns and statements relating to calendar year 2018, ‘200’. ‘‘(ii) In the case of returns and statements relating to calendar year 2019, ‘150’. ‘‘(iii) In the case of returns and statements relating to calendar year 2020, ‘100’. ‘‘(iv) In the case of returns and statements relating to calendar year 2021, ‘50’. ‘‘(v) In the case of returns and statements relating to calendar years after 2021, ‘20’. ‘‘(B) P
ARTNERSHIPS REQUIRED TO FILE ON  
MAGNETIC MEDIA .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A) and paragraph (2)(A), the Sec-retary shall require partnerships having more than 100 partners to file returns on magnetic media.’’. (2) Section 6011(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing the last sentence. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
SEC. 302. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO THE EN-ERGY POLICY ACT OF 2005. 
(a) A MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  1253.— (1) Subclause (II) of section 168(e)(3)(B)(vi) is amended by striking ‘‘is a qualifying small power production facility’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘has a power production capacity of not greater than 80 megawatts, or’’. (2) The last sentence of section 168(e)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘clause (vi)(I)’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘subclause (I) or (II) of clause (vi) by reason of being public utility property.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. TITLE IV—CLERICAL CORRECTIONS AND DEADWOOD 
SEC. 401. CLERICAL CORRECTIONS AND DEAD-WOOD-RELATED PROVISIONS. 
(a) C LERICAL CORRECTIONS .— (1) The table of subchapters for chapter 1 is amended by moving the item relating to sub-chapter R before the item relating to sub-chapter S. (2)(A) Sections 22(c)(3)(A)(i)(III), 104(b)(2)(D), 140(a)(3), and 149(b)(3)(A)(i) are each amended by striking ‘‘Veterans’ Admin-istration’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs’’. (B) The heading of section 4980H(c)(2)(F) is amended by striking ‘‘V
ETERANS ADMINISTRA -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPARTMENT OF VET -
ERANS AFFAIRS ’’. (C) Section 6050H(h)(3)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘Veterans Administration’’ and in-serting ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs’’. (3) Section 24(d) is amended by redesig-nating paragraph (5) as paragraph (3). (4) Section 25C(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (c)(3)(B)’’. (5) Section 25C(d)(3) is amended— (A) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting a comma, and (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (D) and inserting ‘‘, and’’. (6) Section 25C(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2017..’’ and inserting ‘‘2017.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2006 March 22, 2018 
(7) The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to section 41 which relates to the employee stock own-ership credit, and (B) by moving the item relating to section 45K after the item relating to section 45J. (8) Section 38(b)(34) is amended by adding a comma at the end. (9) The heading of section 40(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘A
GGREGRATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
GGREGATION ’’. (10) The heading of section 42(e)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘
ETC,’’ and inserting ‘‘
ETC.,’’. (11)(A) Section 42(d)(4)(C)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘as defined in paragraph (5)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined in paragraph (5)(B)(ii)’’. (B) Section 42(f)(5)(B)(ii)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘(d)(6)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)(6)(B)’’. (C) Section 42(k)(2)(B) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘(d)(6)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)(6)(C)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘building..’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘building.’’. (D) Section 42(m)(1)(B)(ii)(III) is amended by striking ‘‘as defined in subsection (d)(5)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined in sub-section (d)(5)(B)(ii)’’. (12) Section 42(h)(5)(C)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, and’’. (13) Section 42(i)(3)(D)(ii)(I) is amended by striking the period at the end. (14) Section 45(c)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2(27)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1004(27)’’. (15) Section 45(c)(7)(A)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for purpose’’ and inserting ‘‘for the purpose’’. (16) Section 45(c)(7)(A)(i)(III) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’. (17) Section 45C(b)(2)(A)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, and’’. (18) Section 45D(f)(1)(F) is amended by add-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end. (19) Section 45H(d) is amended by striking ‘‘purposes this’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes of this’’. (20) Section 48(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(3)(B), and (4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (3)(B)’’. (21) Section 48(a)(6)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘property energy property’’ and insert-ing ‘‘energy property’’. (22) Section 48(c)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘equal $200’’ and inserting ‘‘equal to $200’’. (23) Section 48(d)(3) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall’’ in the matter that precedes subparagraph (A), and (B) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘not’’ in subparagraph (A). (24) Section 49(a)(1)(D)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘share-holder’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘shareholder’’. (25) Section 50(b)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing the period at the end and inserting a semicolon. (26) Section 51(c)(4) is amended by adding a period at the end. (27) Section 51(d)(3)(A)(ii)(II) is amended by adding a comma at the end. (28) Section 51(d)(8) is amended by striking ‘‘
FOOD STAMP RECIPIENT ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘
SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRI -
TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM BENEFITS RECIPI -
ENT’’. (29) Section 51(i)(1)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘entity,’’ and inserting ‘‘entity’’. (30) Section 58(a)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘461(j)’’ and inserting ‘‘461(k)’’. (31) Section 62(a)(20) is amended by insert-ing a comma after ‘‘United States Code’’. (32) Section 62(e)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 1202)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 2000e–16b)’’. (33) Section 68(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be’’. (34) The heading of section 82 is amended by striking ‘‘FOR EXPENSES OF MOVING ’’ and inserting ‘‘
OF MOVING EXPENSES ’’. (35) The heading of section 84 is amended by striking ‘‘
POLITICAL ORGANIZATION ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
POLITICAL ORGANIZATIONS ’’. (36) Section 105(h)(7)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A))’’. (37) Section 125(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraphs’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph’’. (38) Section 132(c)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘peforming’’ and inserting ‘‘performing’’. (39) Section 134(b)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘an combat’’ and inserting ‘‘a combat’’. (40) Section 137(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 514’’ in the second sentence and in-serting ‘‘section 541’’. (41) Section 139(c)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘federally’’ and inserting ‘‘a federally’’. (42) Section 139E(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(43 U.S.C. 1601, et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)’’. (43) Section 139E(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2014’’. (44) Section 3(a) of the Tribal General Wel-fare Exclusion Act of 2014 is amended by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion’’. (45) Section 4(c) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion’’. (46) The item relating to section 143 in the table of sections for subpart A of part IV of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 143. Mortgage revenue bonds; qualified mortgage bond and qualified veterans’ mortgage bond.’’. (47) Section 142(d)(2)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘42(i)(3)(D)’’. (48) Section 163(e)(5)(C)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘in’’ before ‘‘subsection (i)(1)(B)’’. (49) Section 168(d)(3)(B)(i) is amended by inserting a comma after ‘‘real property’’. (50) Section 168(e)(3)(C)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’. (51) Section 169(d)(5)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘a’’ before ‘‘facility’’. (52) Section 170(b)(1)(A)(ix) is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Agricultural’’. (53) Section 172(d)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 243’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 243’’. (54) Section 179D(d)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘which’’ and inserting ‘‘such that’’. (55) Section 219(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘term compensation includes’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘term ‘compensation’ includes’’. (56) Section 219(g)(8) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘shall each be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be’’. (57) Section 223(c)(2)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1871’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1861’’. (58) Section 223(d)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 213(d))’’. (59) The item relating to section 280H in the table of sections for part IX of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 280H. Limitation on certain amounts paid to employee-owners by personal service corporations electing alternative taxable years.’’. (60) Subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 263(a)(1) are each amended by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a comma. (61) Section 263(a)(1) is amended by redesig-nating subparagraphs (I) through (L) as sub-paragraphs (H) through (K), respectively. (62) Section 280C(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and 1396(a),’’ and inserting ‘‘1396(a),’’. (63) The heading of section 331 is amended by striking ‘‘SHAREHOLDERS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
SHAREHOLDER ’’. (64) Section 338(h)(3)(A)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘paragaraph’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph’’. (65) The second sentence of section 355(h)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘of as-sets’’. (66) The heading of subpart C of part III of subchapter C of chapter 1 is amended by striking ‘‘Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘Cor- porations’’. (67) Section 362(a) is amended by striking the comma after ‘‘acquired’’. (68) Section 368(a)(2)(F)(vii) is amended by striking ‘‘(15 U.S.C. 80a-2(36))’’ and inserting ‘‘(15 U.S.C. 80a–2(a)(36))’’. (69) Section 401(a)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘determination).;’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mination));’’. (70) Section 401(a)(15) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘a trust’’ and inserting ‘‘A trust’’. (71) Section 401(a)(32)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section section’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘section’’. (72) Section 401(c)(2)(A)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 3121(d)(3)(A), (C), or (D), without regard to paragraph (2) of section 1402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A), (C), or (D) of section 3121(d)(3), without regard to section 1402(c)(2)’’. (73) Section 402(i) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of subsection (d)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)(D)(i)’’. (74) Section 404A(c)(4)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. (75) Section 408(a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)(3)’’. (76) Section 408(m)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. (77) Section 408A(d)(3)(B) is amended by adding a period at the end. (78) Section 408A(e)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘the subparagraph (A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. (79) Section 409(n)(1)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘securities,,,’’ and inserting ‘‘secu-rities,’’. (80) Section 409A(b)(3)(B)(i) is amended by striking the semicolon at the end and insert-ing a comma. (81) The item relating to section 413 in the table of sections for subpart B of part I of subchapter D of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 413. Collectively bargained plans, etc.’’. (82) Section 411(a)(4)(A) is amended by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon. (83) Section 412(c)(1)(A) is amended by add-ing a period at the end. (84) Section 412(c)(4)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘433(d)’’. (85) Section 412(c)(7)(B)(iii) is amended by striking the comma after ‘‘subchapter D’’. (86) Section 413(b)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and the last sentence of section 4971(a)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘and sec-tion 4971(e)’’. (87) Section 414(l)(2)(G) is amended by striking ‘‘
BANKS ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘
DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS ’’. (88) Section 414(u)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 457(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 457(b)))’’. (89) Section 414(x)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘are’’ and inserting ‘‘is’’. (90) Section 414(y)(1)(C)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘of such Code’’. (91) Section 414(y)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graphs’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2007 March 22, 2018 
(92) Section 418E is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 432(b)(2)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 432(b)(2)’’. (93) Section 418E(d)(1), as amended by the preceding paragraph, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 432(b)(2),,’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 432(b)(2),’’, (B) by striking ‘‘section 432(b)(2),)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 432(b)(2))’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘compare the value of plan assets’’ and all that follows through ‘‘for that plan year with’’ and inserting ‘‘compare the value of plan assets for that plan year with’’. (94) Section 418E(e)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) notify the Secretary and the parties described in section 101(f)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 of that determination, and’’. (95) The table of subparts for part I of sub-chapter D of chapter 1 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to subpart C and in-serting the following: ‘‘
SUBPART C —INSOLVENT PLANS ’’. (96) Section 419A(c)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 300gg-91(d)(3))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 300gg–91(d)(3)))’’. (97) Section 420(c)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(1)(E)’’. (98) Section 424(g) is amended by striking ‘‘section 422(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 422(a)(2)’’. (99) Section 430(c)(7)(E)(v)(II) is amended by inserting ‘‘the’’ after ‘‘title I of’’. (100) Section 430(h)(2)(F) is amended by striking ‘‘section 417(e)(3)(D)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 417(e)(3)(D)’’. (101) Section 431(d)(2)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Pen-sion Protection Act of 2006’’. (102) Section 432(b)(3)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘in endangered status for such plan year’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, wheth-er or not’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘in endangered status for such plan year, or would be in endangered status for such plan year but for paragraph (5), whether or not’’. (103) Section 432(b)(3)(B) is amended by re-designating the clause (iv) relating to projec-tions of critical and declining status as clause (v). (104) Section 432(b)(3)(D)(iv) is amended by inserting a comma after ‘‘Labor’’. (105) Section 432(e)(8)(C)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall’’. (106) So much of the text of section 432(f)(3) as precedes subparagraph (A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘During the period begin-ning on the date of the certification under subsection (b)(3)(A) for the initial critical year and ending on the date of the adoption of a rehabilitation plan—’’. (107) Section 432(g)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (e)(9))’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e)(9)’’. (108) Section 433(c)(5)(C)(ii)(II) is amended by inserting ‘‘of such Act’’ after ‘‘title IV’’. (109)(A) The heading for section 433 is amended by inserting ‘‘
FOR CSEC PLANS ’’ after ‘‘
FUNDING STANDARDS ’’. (B) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter D of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 433. Minimum funding standards for CSEC plans.’’. (110) The item relating to section 436 in the table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter D of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 436. Funding-based limits on benefits and benefit accruals under sin-gle-employer plans.’’. (111) The heading of section 453B is amend-ed by striking ‘‘LOSS DISPOSITION ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘
LOSS ON DISPOSITION ’’. (112) Section 457(f)(4)(C)(i) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 9101’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘7801),’’ and inserting ‘‘7801)),’’. (113) Section 457A(d)(4) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘case a foreign’’ and insert-ing ‘‘case of a foreign’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘had been’’ and inserting ‘‘been’’. (114) Section 458(b)(9) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘R
EPURCHASED ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘R
EPURCHASE ’’. (115) Section 458(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘regulations prescribed’’ and inserting ‘‘regulations prescribe’’. (116) Section 460(b)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting a comma after ‘‘first’’. (117)(A) Section 461 is amended by redesig-nating the second subsection (j) (relating to farming syndicate defined) as subsection (k). (B) Section 461(i)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (j)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’. (118) The heading of section 464 is amended by inserting ‘‘
EXPENSES ’’ after ‘‘ FARMING ’’. (119) Section 464(d)(2)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 461(k)(2)(E)’’. (120) Section 470(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)(ii)’’. (121) The item relating to part VIII in the table of parts for subchapter F of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘P
ARTVIII. C ERTAIN SAVINGS ENTITIES ’’. (122) Section 501(c)(14)(B)(iv) is amended by adding a period at the end. (123) Section 501(c)(19)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘widows,,’’ and inserting ‘‘widows,’’. (124) Section 501(f)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 115(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 115’’. (125) The item relating to section 511 in the table of sections for part III of subchapter F of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 511. Imposition of tax on unrelated business income of charitable, etc., organizations.’’. (126) Section 512(b)(19)(H)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘clause (i)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’. (127) Section 529(c)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘an Coverdell’’ and inserting ‘‘a Cover-dell’’. (128) Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended— (A) by striking the semicolon at the end of clause (i) and inserting a comma, and (B) by adding ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (ii). (129) Section 529A(d)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘Achieving a Better Life Experience Act of 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘Stephen Beck, Jr., ABLE Act of 2014’’. (130) Section 529A(e)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section’’. (131) Section 530(d)(9)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘by the’’ and inserting ‘‘by’’. (132) Section 542(c)(5) is amended by strik-ing the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon. (133) Section 542(c)(7) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘A small’’ and inserting ‘‘a small’’. (134) Section 543(a)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 563(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 563(c)’’. (135) Section 543(d)(5)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 563(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 563(c)’’. (136) Section 613A(c)(7)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘taxpayers’’ and inserting ‘‘tax-payer’s’’. (137) Section 642(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘other then’’ and inserting ‘‘other than’’. (138) The item relating to section 661 in the table of sections for subpart C of part I of subchapter J of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 661. Deduction for estates and trusts accumulating income or dis-tributing corpus.’’. (139) Section 706(b)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 584(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 584(i)’’. (140) Section 751(c) is amended by striking ‘‘and, sections’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘and sections’’. (141) Section 807(e)(5)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’. (142) Section 831(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 816(a)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 816(a).’’. (143) Section 832(b)(7)(E)(ii)(II) is amended by striking the comma at the end and insert-ing a period. (144) Section 852(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘265,’’ and inserting ‘‘265 and’’. (145) Section 852(b)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘the deduction’’ and inserting ‘‘The deduction’’. (146) Subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 856(c)(7) are each amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (4)(B)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)(B)(iv)’’. (147) Paragraphs (1), (3), (4), and (5) of sec-tion 856(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(4)(B)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (c)(4)(B)(iv)’’. (148) Section 857(b)(6)(J) is amended by striking ‘‘section 856(c)(8)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 856(c)(10)’’. (149) Section 860(f)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘decreased’’ and inserting ‘‘de-crease’’. (150) Section 860(i) is amended by striking ‘‘willfull’’ and inserting ‘‘willful’’. (151) Section 860G(a)(3)(A)(iii)(III) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting a comma. (152) Section 864(d)(8) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 956(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 956(c)(3)’’. (153) Section 877(d)(4)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘in 957’’ and inserting ‘‘in section 957’’. (154) Section 877A(g)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘220(e)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘220(f)(4)’’. (155) Section 897(a)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 871(B)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 871(b)(1)’’. (156) The heading of section 897(k)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘
USRPI ’’ and inserting ‘‘
UNITED STATES REAL PROPERTY INTEREST ’’. (157) Section 904(d)(2)(B)(ii) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘, except as provided in subparagraph (E)(iii) or paragraph (3)(I),’’, and (B) by inserting ‘‘subparagraph (E)(ii), or paragraph (3)(H),’’ after ‘‘Except as provided in clause (iii),’’ (158) Section 907(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking the period after ‘‘partnerships’’ and inserting a comma. (159) Section 907(f)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘year,’’ and inserting ‘‘years,’’. (160) Section 911(d)(8)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.)’’. (161) Section 912(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C., sec. 403e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3505)’’. (162) Section 956(c)(2)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘which are not contracts described in section 953(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘which are contracts described in section 953(e)(2)’’. (163) Section 956(e) is amended by striking ‘‘provisons’’ and inserting ‘‘provisions’’. (164) Section 957(b) is amended by striking ‘‘contracts described in section 953(a)(1)’’ and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2008 March 22, 2018 
inserting ‘‘contracts not described in section 953(e)(2)’’. (165) The heading of section 993 is amended by inserting ‘‘
AND SPECIAL RULES ’’ after ‘‘
DEFINITIONS ’’. (166) Section 1016(a)(3)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘as in effect prior to its repeal by the Tax Reform Act of 1986’’ before ‘‘(or the cor-responding provisions of prior income tax laws)’’. (167) Section 1033(h)(2) is amended by in-serting ‘‘is’’ before ‘‘located’’. (168) Section 1035(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon. (169) Section 1059(d)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘; except that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘and there shall not be taken into account any day which is more than 2 years after the date on which such share becomes ex-dividend.’’. (170) Section 1092(a)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘with respect other’’ in the last sen-tence and inserting ‘‘with respect to other’’. (171) Section 1092(c)(4)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than subparagraph (B) thereof)’’. (172) The item relating to section 1222 in the table of sections for part III of sub-chapter P of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1222. Other terms relating to capital gains and losses.’’. (173) The item relating to section 1252 in the table of sections for part IV of sub-chapter P of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1252. Gain from disposition of farm land.’’. (174) Section 1250(d)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (6)’’. (175) Section 1255(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘170(e),’’ and inserting ‘‘170(e)’’. (176)(A) Subparagraphs (B) and (C) of sec-tion 1256(e)(3) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 464(e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 461(k)(4)’’. (B) Section 1258(d)(5)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘section 464(e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 461(k)(4)’’. (177) Section 1257(c)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1201(4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1201(a)(7)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘16 U.S.C. 3801(4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘16 U.S.C. 3801(7)’’. (178) Section 1257(c)(2) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1201(6)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1201(a)(10)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘16 U.S.C. 3801(6)’’ and in-serting ‘‘16 U.S.C. 3801(10)’’. (179) Section 1274(b)(3)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6662(d)(2)(C)(iii)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 6662(d)(2)(C)(ii)’’. (180) Section 1276(a)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘871(a),,’’ and inserting ‘‘871(a),’’. (181) Section 1278(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘871(a),,’’ and inserting ‘‘871(a),’’. (182) Section 1286(f) is amended by striking ‘‘and 305(e),’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 305(e),’’. (183) Section 1291(e) is amended by striking ‘‘subsections (c) and (d) (e),’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c), (d), and (e)’’. (184) Section 1298(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 951(c)’’. (185) Section 1298(d)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1296(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1297(a)(2)’’. (186) Section 1298(e)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘provisons’’ and inserting ‘‘provi-sions’’. (187) Section 1355(f)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘of which’’ and inserting ‘‘on which’’. (188) Section 1358(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1352(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1352(2)’’. (189) Section 1358(c)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘an person’s’’ and inserting ‘‘a person’s’’. (190) Sections 1361(f)(2), 1362(d)(3)(C)(v), and 4975(d)(16)(A) are each amended by striking ‘‘1813(w)(1)),’’ and inserting ‘‘1813(w)(1))),’’. (191) Section 1362(f) is amended by striking ‘‘may be during’’ and inserting ‘‘may be, dur-ing’’. (192) Section 1366(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 704(e)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 704(e)(2)’’. (193) Section 1368(f)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘in included’’ and inserting ‘‘is in-cluded’’. (194) Section 1391(g)(3)(E)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘Interior’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inte-rior’’. (195) Section 1394(b)(3)(B)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections’’. (196) Section 1397C(d)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A) or (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’. (197) Section 1402(a)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1233(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1233(a)(2)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘16 U.S.C. 3833(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘16 U.S.C. 3833(a)(2)’’. (198) Section 1402(b) is amended by striking ‘‘3211,.’’ and inserting ‘‘3211.’’. (199) The heading of section 1446 is amend-ed by striking ‘‘
WITHHOLDING TAX ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘
WITHHOLDING OF TAX ’’. (200) Section 2031(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing all that follows subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) $500,000.’’. (201) Section 2031(c)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (5)).’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (5))).’’. (202) Section 2055(e)(3)(G) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (J)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (J))’’. (203) Section 2106(a)(4) is amended by in-serting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘2058(a)’’. (204) Section 2522(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘to of for’’ and inserting ‘‘to or for’’. (205) Section 2523(g)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘noncharitable beneficiary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘beneficiary who is not a charitable ben-eficiary’’. (206) Section 2523(g)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘noncharitable’’ and inserting ‘‘chari-table’’. (207) Section 3101(a) is amended by adding a period at the end. (208) Section 3111(e)(5)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘the’’ before ‘‘meaning’’. (209) Section 3121(b)(5)(B)(i)(V) is amended by striking ‘‘section 105(e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104(e)(2)’’. (210) Section 3121(b)(5)(H)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘1997’’ and inserting ‘‘1997,’’. (211) Section 3304(a)(4)(G)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6402(f)(4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6402(f)(4)(C)’’. (212) Section 3306(b)(5)(F) is amended by striking the semicolon at the end and insert-ing a comma. (213) Section 3306(c)(19) is amended by striking ‘‘Service’’ and inserting ‘‘service’’. (214) Section 3306(u) is amended by striking ‘‘25 U.S.C. 450b(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘25 U.S.C. 5304(e)’’. (215) Section 3306(v) is amended by striking ‘‘this part’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’. (216) Section 3309(d) is amended by striking ‘‘25 U.S.C. 450b(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘25 U.S.C. 5304(e)’’. (217)(A) Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4)(B), (5), (6), (8)(A)(ii), (8)(B), (8)(D), (9), (10)(B), (11), (12)(A), (12)(B), (12)(C), (13), (14), and (15) of section 3401(a) are each amended by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a comma. (B) Paragraphs (4)(A), (8)(A)(i), (8)(C), (10)(A), (12)(D), and (22) of section 3401(a) are each amended by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’. (C) Section 3401(a)(12)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a comma. (D) Paragraphs (16)(A), (16)(B), (17), (18), (19), (20), and (21) of section 3401(a) are each amended by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a comma. (218) Section 3509(d)(1)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘sections’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. (219) Section 4051(a)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Secretary.’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary).’’. (220) Section 4104(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘sections’’. (221) Section 4221(a) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4051,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4051’’. (222) The item relating to part III in the table of parts for subchapter C of chapter 33 is amended by striking ‘‘relating’’ and in-serting ‘‘applicable’’. (223) Section 4612(e)(2)(B)(ii)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘tranferred’’ and inserting ‘‘transferred’’. (224) Section 4958(f)(1)(D) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting a comma. (225) Section 4971(b) is amended by striking ‘‘minimum required contribution,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘whichever is applica-ble’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘minimum required contribution, accumulated funding deficiency, or CSEC accumulated funding de-ficiency, whichever is applicable’’. (226) Section 4971(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘applicable and’’ and inserting ‘‘applica-ble, and’’. (227) Section 4971(f) is amended by striking ‘‘applicable for’’ and inserting ‘‘applicable, for’’. (228) Section 4971(g)(4)(C)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 432(i)(9)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 432(j)(9)’’. (229) Section 4975(d)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘an leveraged’’ and inserting ‘‘a lever-aged’’. (230) Section 4975(d)(17) is amended by striking ‘‘Any’’ and inserting ‘‘any’’. (231) Section 4975(d)(21) is amended by striking ‘‘person person’’ and inserting ‘‘per-son’’. (232) Section 4975(f)(8)(C)(iv)(II) is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection’’ before ‘‘(d)(17)(A)(ii)’’. (233) Section 4975(f)(8)(F)(i)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘adviser,’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-viser’’. (234) Section 4975(f)(8)(F)(i)(V) is amended by inserting ‘‘of’’ before ‘‘the manner’’. (235) Section 4980B(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2162 of the Public Health Service Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1928(h)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396s(h)(6))’’. (236) Section 4980B(f)(5)(C)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2701(c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2704(c)(2)’’. (237) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(iv) is amended by striking the comma at the end and insert-ing a period. (238) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v) is amended by striking ‘‘for for’’ and inserting ‘‘for’’. (239) Section 5054(a)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. (240) Section 5066(d) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5001(a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5001(a)(4)’’. (241) The item relating to subpart C in the table of subparts for part II of subchapter A of chapter 51 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
SUBPART C . RECORDKEEPING AND  
REGISTRATION BY DEALERS ’’. (242) The item relating to section 5178 in the table of sections for subchapter B of chapter 51 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 5178. Premises of distilled spirits plants.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2009 March 22, 2018 
(243) Section 5182 is amended by striking ‘‘section 5112’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5121’’. (244) Section 5273(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 5001(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 5001(a)(5)’’. (245) Section 5314(a)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 5001(a)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 5001(a)(9)’’. (246) Section 5392(f) is amended by striking ‘‘section 17(a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 117(a)(5)’’. (247) Section 5512 is amended by striking ‘‘section 5001(a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5001(a)(6)’’. (248) Section 5601(a)(15) is amended by striking ‘‘Withdraws,’’ and inserting ‘‘with-draws,’’. (249) The heading of section 5603 is amend-ed by inserting a comma after ‘‘
RETURNS ’’. (250) Section 5701(e) is amended by striking ‘‘manufacturered’’ and inserting ‘‘manufac-tured’’. (251) The item relating to section 5847 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter B of chapter 53 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 5847. Effect on other laws.’’. (252) Section 5847 is amended by striking ‘‘section 414 of the Mutual Security Act of 1954’’ and inserting ‘‘section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778)’’. (253) The item relating to section 5852 in the table of sections for part II of subchapter B of chapter 53 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 5852. General transfer and making tax exemption.’’. (254) The item relating to section 5853 in the table of sections for part II of subchapter B of chapter 53 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 5853. Transfer and making tax exemp-tion available to certain gov-ernmental entities.’’. (255) Section 6012(a)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end. (256) Section 6012(a)(7) is amended by strik-ing the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’. (257) Section 6012(a)(8) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 63(c)(2)(D).’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 63(c)(2)(C);’’. (258) Section 6033(b)(15) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’. (259) Section 6039(d)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) the term ‘employee stock purchase plan’, see section 423(b).’’. (260) The table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6041 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6041A. Returns regarding payments of remuneration for services and direct sales.’’. (261) The item relating to section 6050I in the table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6050I. Returns relating to cash re-ceived in trade or business, etc.’’. (262) The item relating to section 6050W in the table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6050W. Returns relating to payments made in settlement of payment card and third party network transactions.’’. (263) Section 6050H(h)(3)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘Rural Housing Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Rural Housing Service’’. (264) Section 6058(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (265) Section 6059(b)(3)(B) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘the requirements’’ and in-serting ‘‘that the requirements’’, and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting a comma. (266) Section 6091(b)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. (267) Section 6103(l)(7) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘OF 1977 ’’ in the heading thereof. (268) Section 6103(l)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘request made under subsection (f)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘notice submitted under subsection (f)(5)(C)’’. (269) Section 6103(l)(10) is amended by striking so much of subparagraph (B) as pre-cedes ‘‘Any’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF DISCLOSED IN -
FORMATION .—(i)’’. (270) Section 6103(l)(16)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 6103(b)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6103(b)(6)’’. (271) Section 6103(p)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘subsections’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’. (272) Section 6103(p)(3)(C)(ii) is amended by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period. (273) Section 6103(p)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘7(A)(ii)’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(7)(A)(ii)’’. (274) Section 6103(p)(4)(F)(ii) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘subsections’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (l)(21),,,’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)(21),’’. (275) Section 6103(p)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (l)(21),,’’ both places it ap-pears in the flush matter at the end and in-serting ‘‘subsection (l)(21),’’. (276) Section 6109(f) is amended by striking ‘‘
OF1977’’ in the heading thereof. (277) Section 6213(g)(2)(O) is amended by adding a comma at the end. (278) Section 6213(g)(2)(P) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 24(h)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 24(g)(2)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (h)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (g)(1)’’. (279) Section 6302(e)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘sections’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. (280) Section 6311(d)(3)(D) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 103(f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 103(g)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘1602(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘1602(g)’’. (281) Section 6330(c) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(2)(B)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(3)(B)’’. (282) Section 6330(d)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end and inserting a period. (283) Section 6334(a)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘V,,’’ and inserting ‘‘V,’’. (284) Section 6342(a) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’. (285) Section 6402(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(f) refund’’ and inserting ‘‘(f), refund’’. (286) Section 6402(c) is amended by striking ‘‘of of’’ and inserting ‘‘of’’. (287) Section 6402(d)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 402(a)(26) of the Social Security Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 408(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 608(a)(3))’’. (288) Section 6404(g)(2)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6664(d)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6664(d)(3)(A)’’. (289) Section 6420(i)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘State and’’ and inserting ‘‘State (and’’. (290) Section 6421(c) is amended by striking ‘‘(4) (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(4), (5)’’. (291) Section 6421(j)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘State and’’ and inserting ‘‘State (and’’. (292) Section 6422 is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (7), (B) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (12) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively, and (C) by striking ‘‘for credit’’ in paragraph (10) as so redesignated and inserting ‘‘For credit’’. (293) Section 6425(c)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘The sum’’ and inserting ‘‘the sum’’. (294) Section 6426(b)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘cents..’’ and inserting ‘‘cents.’’. (295) Section 6501(m) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘any election’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(or any’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘any election under section 30B(h)(9), 30C(e)(4), 30D(e)(4), 35(g)(11), 40(f), 43, 45B, 45C(d)(4), 45H(g), or 51(j) (or any’’. (296) Section 6503(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6230(a)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6230(a))’’. (297) Section 6612(c) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘sections’’ before ‘‘2014(e)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘and 6420’’ and inserting ‘‘6420’’. (298) The item relating to section 6651 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter A of chapter 68 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6651. Failure to file tax return or to pay tax.’’. (299) Each of the following sections are amended by inserting ‘‘an amount equal to’’ after ‘‘increased by’’ and by inserting ‘‘for the calendar year’’ after ‘‘section 1(f)(3)’’: (A) Section 6651(i). (B) Section 6652(c)(7)(A). (C) Section 6695(h)(1). (D) Section 6698(e)(1). (E) Section 6699(e)(1). (F) Section 6721(f)(1). (G) Section 6722(f)(1). (300) Section 6652(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6724(d)(2)(Y)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘section 6724(d)(2)(AA)’’. (301) Section 6654(a) is amended by striking ‘‘chapter 1 the tax’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 1, the tax’’. (302) Section 6654(f)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘taxes’’ and inserting ‘‘tax’’. (303) Section 6662(d)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6664(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 6664(d)(3)’’. (304) Section 6662 is amended by moving subsection (i) before subsection (j). (305) The heading of section 6676(c) is amended by striking ‘‘R
EASONABLE BASIS’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EASONABLE CAUSE ’’. (306) The item relating to section 6684 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter B of chapter 68 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6684. Assessable penalties with respect to liability for tax under chap-ter 42.’’. (307) The item relating to section 6686 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter B of chapter 68 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6686. Failure to file returns or supply information by DISC or former FSC.’’. (308) Section 6679(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6046 and 6046A’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6046 or 6046A’’. (309) Section 6695(h)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (1)’’. (310) Section 6695(h)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘clause (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A)’’. (311) Section 6696(a) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6694,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 6694,’’. (312) Section 6696(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6695,’’ and inserting ‘‘6695,’’. (313) Section 6698(b)(2) is amended by add-ing a period at the end. (314) Section 6700(a) is amended by striking ‘‘the $1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000’’. (315) Section 6724(d)(1)(B)(xx) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2010 March 22, 2018 
(316) Section 6724(d)(1)(B)(xxi) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. (317) Section 6724(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Such term also includes’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Such term also includes’’. (318) Section 6724(d)(2)(F) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting a comma. (319) Section 6724(d)(2)(M) is amended by striking ‘‘(h)(2) relating’’ and inserting ‘‘(h)(2) (relating’’. (320) Section 6724(d)(2)(DD) is amended by adding a comma at the end. (321) Section 6863(a) is amended by striking ‘‘6852,,’’ and inserting ‘‘6852,’’. (322) Section 6901(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘Code in’’ and inserting ‘‘Code, in’’. (323) Section 7275(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘taxes, shall’’ and inserting ‘‘taxes,’’. (324) Section 7421(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Code in’’ and inserting ‘‘Code, in’’. (325)(A) Subsections (e) and (i) of section 7422 and sections 3121(b)(5)(E), 6110(j)(1)(B), 7428(a), and 7430(c)(6) are each amended by striking ‘‘United States Claims Court’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Court of Federal Claims’’. (B) Subsections (a), (b), and (c)(1)(C)(iii) of section 7428 are each amended by striking ‘‘Claims Court’’ and inserting ‘‘Court of Fed-eral Claims’’. (C) The heading of section 4961(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘
UNITED STATES CLAIMS  
COURT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ UNITED STATES COURT  
OF FEDERAL CLAIMS ’’. (D) Section 6672(c)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Court of Claims’’ and inserting ‘‘Court of Federal Claims’’. (326) The item relating to section 7448 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7448. Annuities to surviving spouses and dependent children of judges and special trial judges.’’. (327) Section 7448(j)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘Code,),’’ and inserting ‘‘Code),’’. (328) Section 7448(m) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘Code),’’. (329) Section 7454(b) is amended by striking ‘‘4955),,’’ and inserting ‘‘4955),’’. (330) Section 7654(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘50 App. U.S.C. 501 et seq.’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.’’. (331) Section 7701(a)(36)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘an ‘tax’’ and inserting ‘‘a ‘tax’’. (332) Section 7701(e)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘Reconcilation’’ and inserting ‘‘Reconciliation’’. (333) Section 7801(a)(2)(B) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘effective date of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’ and insert-ing ‘‘effective date of such Act’’. (334) Section 7809(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Work’’ and inserting ‘‘work’’. (335) Section 7851(a)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘, 4’’. (336) Section 7851(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘Chapters 3 and 5’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 3’’. (337) Section 7871(c)(3)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘calender’’ and inserting ‘‘cal-endar’’. (338) Section 9003(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 9006(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9006(c)’’. (339) Section 9011(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘contrue’’ and inserting ‘‘construe’’. (340) Section 9502(d)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘farms,’’ and inserting ‘‘farms),’’. (341) Section 9503(c)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and before October 1, 2011,’’. (342) Section 9508(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the Public’’ and inserting ‘‘Public’’. (343) Section 9701(a)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 9713A’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9712’’. (344) Section 9704(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘1232)),’’ and inserting ‘‘1232),’’. (345) Section 9705(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘1232(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘1232’’. (346) Section 9705(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Acts’’ and inserting ‘‘Act’’. (347) Section 9711(c)(4)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(C)’’. (348) Section 9712(a)(4)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘section 402 of’’ after ‘‘subsections (h) and (i) of’’. (349) Section 9812(a)(3)(B)(i) is amended by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period. (350) Section 302 of division P of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2016 is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 48(a)(5)(C)’’, and (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘of such Code’’ after ‘‘section 48(a)’’. (351) Section 32103(a) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act is amended by striking ‘‘section 52106’’ and inserting ‘‘section 32102’’. (352) Section 7518(i) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 607(k) of the Mer-chant Marine Act, 1936’’ and inserting ‘‘chap-ter 535 of title 46, United States Code,’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘such section 607(k)’’ and inserting ‘‘such chapter’’. (b) G
ENERAL DEADWOOD -RELATED PROVI-
SIONS .— (1) Section 25A(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘($5,000 in the case of taxable years begin-ning before January 1, 2003)’’. (2) Section 26(b)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (P). (3) Section 30C(e) is amended by striking paragraph (6) and redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6). (4) Section 32(l) is amended by striking ‘‘, and any payment made to such individual (or such spouse) by an employer under section 3507,’’. (5)(A) Section 38(c)(5) is amended— (i) by striking all that precedes subpara-graph (C) thereof and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) R
ULES RELATED TO ELIGIBLE SMALL  
BUSINESSES .—’’, (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively, and (iii) by amending subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF PARTNERS AND S COR -
PORATION SHAREHOLDERS .—For purposes of paragraph (4)(B)(ii), any credit determined under section 41 with respect to a partner-ship or S corporation shall not be treated as a specified credit by any partner or share-holder unless such partner or shareholder meets the gross receipts test under subpara-graph (A) for the taxable year in which such credit is treated as a current year business credit.’’. (B) Section 38(c)(2)(A)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘the eligible small business cred-its,’’. (C) Section 38(c)(4)(A)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘the eligible small business credits and’’. (D) Section 38(c)(4)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in paragraph (5)(C), after application of rules similar to the rules of paragraph (5)(D))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as de-fined in paragraph (5)(A) after application of the rules of paragraph (5)(B))’’. (E) Section 39(a) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (F) Section 39(a)(3)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or the eligible small business credits’’. (6) Section 41(c)(4)(A), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘(12 percent in the case of tax-able years ending before January 1, 2009)’’. (7) Section 56(b)(1)(E) is amended by strik-ing the last sentence. (8) Section 56(d)(1)(A)(ii)(I) is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014)’’ after ‘‘section 172(b)(1)(H)’’. (9) Section 126(a) is amended by striking paragraph (7) and by redesignating para-graphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively. (10)(A) Section 139(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 165(h)(3)(C)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 165(i)(5)(A)’’. (B) Section 7508A(a) is amended by striking ‘‘section 165(h)(3)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 165(i)(5)(A)’’. (11) Section 140(a) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and by redesignating para-graphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively. (12) Section 163(d)(4) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (E). (13)(A) Section 168 is amended by striking subsection (n). (B) The amendment made by this para-graph shall not apply to property placed in service before the date of the enactment of this Act. (14) Section 170(e)(3) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (D) and redesignating sub-paragraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (15)(A) Section 179 is amended by striking subsection (e) and redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (e). (B) Section 179(d)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e)’’. (C) The amendments made by this para-graph shall not apply to property placed in service before the date of the enactment of this Act. (16) Section 196(d) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘in the case of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the case of the investment credit determined under section 46 (other than the rehabilitation credit).’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘ANDRESEARCH CREDIT ’’ in the heading thereof. (17) Section 246A(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘without regard to section 243(d)(4)’’. (18) Section 381(c)(16) is amended by strik-ing the second sentence. (19) Section 411(a)(3)(F)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 418D or’’. (20) Section 415(g) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(2)’’. (21)(A) Section 419(e)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(17), or (20)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (17)’’. (B) Section 419A(g)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(17), or (20)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (17)’’. (C) Section 419A(g)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(17), or (20)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (17)’’. (D) Section 505 is amended— (i) in the heading thereof, by striking ‘‘
PARAGRAPH (9) , (17), OR (20) ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PARAGRAPH (9) OR (17) ’’, (ii) in the heading of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘P
ARAGRAPH (9) OR(20) OFSECTION  501(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘S
ECTION 501(c)(9)’’, (iii) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘para-graph (9) or (20) of subsection (c) of section 501’’ and inserting ‘‘section 501(c)(9)’’, and (iv) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘para-graph (9), (17), or (20)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (9) or (17)’’. (E) Subparagraphs (A), (C), and (D) of sec-tion 512(a)(3) are each amended in the text thereof by striking ‘‘(17), or (20)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or (17)’’. (F) Subparagraphs (B)(ii) and (E) of section 512(a)(3) are each amended in the text thereof 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2011 March 22, 2018 
by striking ‘‘, (17), or (20)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (17)’’. (G) The heading of section 512(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘
(17), OR (20) ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘
OR (17) ’’. (H) The heading of section 512(a)(3)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘, 
(17), OR (20) ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
OR (17) ’’. (I) The item relating to section 505 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter F of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 505. Additional requirements for orga-nizations described in para-graph (9) or (17) of section 501(c).’’. (22) Section 501(p)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 556(b)(2)’’. (23) Section 530(b)(3) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 170(e)(6)(F)(i))’’ in subparagraph (A)(iii), and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) C
OMPUTER TECHNOLOGY OR EQUIP -
MENT .—The term ‘computer technology or equipment’ means computer software (as de-fined by section 197(e)(3)(B)), computer or pe-ripheral equipment (as defined by section 168(i)(2)(B)), and fiber optic cable related to computer use.’’. (24) Section 593(b)(2)(D)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘(determined without regard to sec-tion 596)’’. (25) Section 597(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or section 21A of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act’’. (26) Section 613A(c)(6) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (H). (27) Section 664(g)(3)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘limitations under sections 415(c) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘limitation under sec-tion 415(c)’’. (28) Section 856(m) is amended by striking paragraph (6). (29) Section 871(a)(3) is amended by strik-ing the last sentence thereof. (30) Section 992(d) is amended by striking paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (5), and by redesignating para-graph (7) as paragraph (6). (31) Section 1245(a)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘, 185’’. (32)(A) Section 1252(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘during a taxable year beginning’’. (B) Section 1252(a)(1)(A) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘sections’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘and 182’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘for expenditures’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for expenditures’’. (C) Section 1252(a)(2) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘sections’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘or 182’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting a period. (33) Section 1374(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking the last sentence. (34) Section 3111 is amended by striking subsection (d). (35) Section 3127(b)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 222(b)’’. (36) Section 3221 is amended by striking subsection (c) and by redesignating sub-section (d) as subsection (c). (37) Section 3301 is amended by striking ‘‘equal to—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘equal to 6 percent of the total wages (as defined in section 3306(b)) paid by such em-ployer during the calendar year with respect to employment (as defined in section 3306(c)).’’. (38) Section 3302(c)(2) is amended by strik-ing the next to last sentence. (39) Section 3302(f)(2) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(or, for purposes of apply-ing this subparagraph to taxable year 1983, September 30, 1981)’’ in subparagraph (D), and (B) by striking the last sentence. (40) Section 4042(b)(1) is amended by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (C). (41) Section 4042(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (C). (42) Section 4261(b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘a tax in the amount’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘a tax in the amount of $3.00.’’. (43) Section 4481(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) ONETAXLIABILITY PERPERIOD .—To the extent that the tax imposed by this sec-tion is paid with respect to any highway motor vehicle for any taxable period, no fur-ther tax shall be imposed by this section for such taxable period with respect to such ve-hicle.’’. (44) Section 4971(d) is amended by striking the last sentence. (45) Section 6050G(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘(to the extent not previously taken into account under section 72(d)(1))’’. (46) Section 6215(b) is amended by striking paragraph (5) and by redesignating para-graphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively. (47) Section 6601(b) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and by redesignating para-graphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively. (48) Section 6654(d)(1)(C)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘by substituting’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘by substituting ‘110 per-cent’ for ‘100 percent’.’’. (49) Section 6654(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (D). (50) Part II of subchapter C of chapter 75 is amended by striking section 7326 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (51) Section 7448(a)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, whether or not performing judicial du-ties under section 7443B’’. (52) Section 7448(a)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and compensation received under sec-tion 7443B’’. (53) Section 7448(d) is amended by striking ‘‘at 4 percent per annum to December 31, 1947, and 3 percent per annum thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘at 3 percent per annum’’. (54) Section 7701(a)(19)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘either (i)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(ii)’’. (55) Section 7701(a)(32)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) is subject by law to supervision and examination by State or Federal authority having supervision over such institutions, and’’. (56) Section 8021 is amended by striking subsection (f). (57) Section 8022(3) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (c) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE BOND P
ROVISIONS .— (1) C
ERTAIN RULES WITH RESPECT TO BONDS  
ISSUED BEFORE JULY 2 , 1982.— (A) Section 1271 is amended— (i) by striking subsection (c) and by redes-ignating subsection (d) as subsection (c), and (ii) by striking ‘‘(and paragraph (2) of sub-section (c))’’ in subsection (a)(2)(B). (B) Section 1272 is amended by striking subsection (b) and by redesignating sub-sections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. (C) Section 163(e)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘In the case of any debt instrument issued after July 1, 1982, the portion of the original issue discount with respect to such debt in-strument which is’’ and inserting ‘‘The por-tion of the original issue discount with re-spect to any debt instrument which is’’. (D) Section 1271(a)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(7) or (b)(4) of section 1272’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1272(a)(7)’’. (E) Section 1271(b)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—This section shall not apply to any obligation issued by a natural person before June 9, 1997.’’. (F) Section 1272(a) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘
ONDEBT INSTRUMENTS  I
SSUED AFTER JULY1, 1982,’’ in the heading, and (ii) by striking ‘‘issued after July 1, 1982’’ in paragraph (1). (G) Section 1278(a)(4)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘or (b)(4)’’. (H) The amendments made by this para-graph shall apply to debt instruments issued on or after July 2, 1982. (2) C
ERTAIN RULES WITH RESPECT TO  
STRIPPED BONDS PURCHASED BEFORE JULY 2 , 
1982.— (A) Section 1286, as amended by this sec-tion, is amended by striking subsection (c) and by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f), re-spectively. (B) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 1286 are each amended by striking ‘‘after July 1, 1982,’’. (C) Section 1286(d)(5), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), is amended by striking the last sentence. (D) Section 305(e)(7) is amended by striking ‘‘1286(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘1286(e)’’. (E) The amendments made by this para-graph shall apply to bonds purchased on or after July 2, 1982. (3) C
ERTAIN RULES WITH RESPECT TO OBLIGA -
TIONS ISSUED BEFORE MARCH 2 , 1984.— (A) Section 1272(a)(2) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (D) and by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (B) Section 163(e)(4) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION .—This subsection shall not apply to any debt instrument described in section 1272(a)(2)(D) (relating to loans be-tween natural persons).’’. (C) The amendments made by this para-graph shall apply to obligations issued on or after March 2, 1984. (d) D
EADWOOD PROVISIONS INVOLVING RE-
PEAL OF ONE OR MORESECTIONS .— (1) P
UERTO RICO ECONOMIC ACTIVITY CREDIT ; 
PUERTO RICO AND POSSESSION TAX CREDIT .— (A) P
OSSESSION TAX CREDIT .—Section 27 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 27. TAXES OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND POSSESSIONS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘The amount of taxes imposed by foreign countries and possessions of the United States shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter to the ex-tent provided in section 901’’. (B) P
UERTO RICO ECONOMIC ACTIVITY CRED -
IT.—Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 30A (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such sub-part). (C) P
UERTO RICO AND POSSESSION TAX CRED -
IT.—Subpart C of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 936 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such sub-part). (D) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) The item relating to section 27 in the table of sections for subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 27. Taxes of foreign countries and pos-sessions of the United States.’’. (ii) Sections 26(a)(1), 59(a)(1), 469(c)(3)(B), and 469(d)(2)(A)(ii) are each amended by striking ‘‘27(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘27’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2012 March 22, 2018 
(iii) Section 45C(d)(2) is amended— (I) by striking subparagraph (B), (II) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving such subpara-graphs (as so redesignated) 2 ems to the left, and (III) by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL .—’’ and all that precedes it and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL LIMITATIONS ON FOREIGN TEST -
ING.—’’. (iv) Section 168(g)(4)(G) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than a corporation which has an election in effect under section 936)’’. (v) Section 243(b)(1)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) if such dividend is distributed out of the earnings and profits of a taxable year of the distributing corporation which ends after December 31, 1963, and on each day of which the distributing corporation and the corpora-tion receiving the dividend were members of such affiliated group.’’. (vi) Section 246 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (vii) Section 338(h)(6)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘, a DISC, or a corporation to which an election under section 936 applies’’ and in-serting ‘‘or a DISC’’. (viii)(I) Section 367(d) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) I
NTANGIBLE PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘intangible prop-erty’ means any— ‘‘(A) patent, invention, formula, process, design, pattern, or know-how, ‘‘(B) copyright, literary, musical, or artis-tic composition, ‘‘(C) trademark, trade name, or brand name, ‘‘(D) franchise, license, or contract, ‘‘(E) method, program, system, procedure, campaign, survey, study, forecast, estimate, customer list, or technical data, ‘‘(F) goodwill, going concern value, or workforce in place (including its composi-tion and terms and conditions (contractual or otherwise) of its employment), or ‘‘(G) other item the value or potential value of which is not attributable to tangible property or the services of any individual.’’. (II) Section 367(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(within the meaning of section 936(h)(3)(B))’’. (III) Sections 482 and 1298(e)(2)(A) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 936(h)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 367(d)(4)’’. (ix) Section 861(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘other than a corporation which has an election in effect under section 936’’. (x) Section 864(d)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN PROVISIONS NOT TO APPLY .— The following provisions shall not apply to any amount treated as interest under para-graph (1) or (6): ‘‘(A) Section 904(d)(2)(B)(iii)(I) (relating to exceptions for export financing interest). ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of section 954(b)(3) (relating to exception where foreign base company income is less than 5 percent or $1,000,000). ‘‘(C) Subparagraph (B) of section 954(c)(2) (relating to certain export financing). ‘‘(D) Clause (i) of section 954(c)(3)(A) (relat-ing to certain income received from related persons).’’. (xi) Section 865(j)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘, 933, and 936’’ and inserting ‘‘and 933’’. (xii) Section 901(g)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Technical Cor-rections Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 936’’. (xiii) Section 904(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (4). (xiv) Section 904(f)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and section 936’’. (xv) Section 1202(e)(4) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. (xvi) Section 1361(b)(2) is amended by add-ing ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking subparagraph (C), and by redesig-nating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (C). (xvii)(I) Section 1504(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively. (II) Section 243(b)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 1504(b)(4),’’. (III) Section 332(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (IV) Section 864(e)(5)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(determined without regard to paragraph (4) of section 1504(b))’’. (V) Section 864(f) is amended in paragraphs (1)(C)(i) and (2) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (xviii) Section 6091(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking clause (ii) and by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (ii) and (iii), respectively. (xix) Section 6654(d)(2)(D) is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘936(h) or’’ in clause (i), and (II) by striking ‘‘AND SECTION 936’’ in the heading. (xx) Section 6655(e)(4) is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘936(h) or’’ in subparagraph (A), and (II) by striking ‘‘
AND SECTION 936’’ in the heading. (2) E
NERGY EFFICIENT APPLIANCE CREDIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 45M (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 38(b), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking para-graph (24) and by redesignating paragraphs (25) through (37) as paragraphs (24) through (36), respectively. (3) Q
UALIFYING THERAPEUTIC DISCOVERY  
PROJECT CREDIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart E of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 48D (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 49(a)(1)(C) is amended by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (iv), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (v) and inserting a period, and by striking clause (vi). (ii) Section 50(a)(2)(E) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘48C(b)(2), or 48D(b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 48C(b)(2)’’. (iii) Section 280C is amended by striking the subsection (g) which relates to the quali-fying therapeutic discovery project credit. (C) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—In the case of the repeal of section 48D(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the amendments made by this paragraph shall not apply to expendi-tures made in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011. (4) DC 
ZONE PROVISIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by striking subchapter W (and by striking the item relating to such subchapter in the table of subchapters for such chapter). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 23(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 25D and 1400C’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 25D’’. (ii) Section 25(e)(1)(C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 23, 25D, and 1400C’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sections 23 and 25D’’. (iii) Section 45D(h) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 1202, 1400B, and 1400F’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 1202’’. (iv) Section 1016(a) is amended by striking paragraph (27). (v) Section 1202(a)(2)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal)’’ after ‘‘1400B(b)’’. (vi) Section 1223(13) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 1202(a)(2), 1202(c)(2)(A), 1400B(b), and 1400F(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2) and (c)(2)(A) of section 1202’’. (vii) Section 1397B(b)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (B). (C) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall not apply to— (i) in the case of the repeal of section 1400A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, obliga-tions described in section 1394 of such Code (as in effect before its repeal) which were issued before January 1, 2012, (ii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400B of such Code, DC Zone assets (as de-fined in such section, as in effect before its repeal) which were acquired by the taxpayer before January 1, 2012, and (iii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400C of such Code, principal residences ac-quired before January 1, 2012. (5) R
ENEWAL COMMUNITY PROVISIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by striking subchapter X (and by striking the item relating to such subchapter in the table of subchapters for such chapter). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 469(i)(3) is amended by striking subparagraph (C) and by redesignating sub-paragraphs (D), (E), and (F) as subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E), respectively. (ii) Section 469(i)(3)(D), as so redesignated, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) O
RDERING RULE .—Paragraph (1) shall be applied for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) first, to the passive activity loss, ‘‘(ii) second, to the portion of the passive activity credit to which subparagraph (B) and (C) does not apply, ‘‘(iii) third, to the portion of such credit to which subparagraph (B) applies, and ‘‘(iv) then, to the portion of such credit to which subparagraph (C) applies.’’. (iii) Section 469(i)(6)(B) is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘, 
REHABILITATION CREDIT , 
OR COMMERCIAL REVITALIZATION DEDUCTION ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘
OR REHABILITA -
TION CREDIT ’’, (II) by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (i), (III) by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end of clause (ii) and inserting a comma, and (IV) by striking clause (iii). (iv) Section 1397B(b)(1), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this paragraph to section 1400F shall be treated as reference to such section before its re-peal.’’. (v) Section 1397B(b)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘which is sold—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘which is sold, the taxpayer’s holding period for such asset and the asset referred to in subsection (a)(1) shall be deter-mined without regard to section 1223.’’. (C) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall not apply to— (i) in the case of the repeal of section 1400F of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, quali-fied community assets (as defined in such section, as in effect before its repeal) which were acquired by the taxpayer before Janu-ary 1, 2010, (ii) in the case of the repeal section 1400H of such Code, wages paid or incurred before January 1, 2010, (iii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400I of such Code, qualified revitalization buildings (as defined in such section, as in ef-fect before its repeal) which were placed in service before January 1, 2010, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2013 March 22, 2018 
(iv) in the case of the repeal of section 1400J of such Code, property acquired before January 1, 2010. (6) S
HORT -TERM REGIONAL BENEFITS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by striking subchapter Y (and by striking the item relating to such subchapter in the table of subchapters for such chapter). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 38(b), as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking paragraphs (26), (27), (28), and (29) and by redesignating paragraphs (30) through (36) as paragraphs (26) through (32), respec-tively. (ii) Section 38(c)(2)(A)(ii)(II), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘, the New York Lib-erty Zone business employee credit,’’. (iii) Section 38(c) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (iv) Section 280C(a), as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘1396(a), 1400P(b), and 1400R’’ and in-serting ‘‘and 1396(a)’’. (v) Section 6033(b)(14) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘including the amount and use of quali-fied contributions to which section 1400S(a) applies,’’. (vi) Section 6049(d)(8)(A) is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘or 1400N(l)(6)’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘or 1400N(l)(2)(D), as the case may be’’. (C) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall not apply to— (i) in the case of the repeal of section 1400L(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, qualified wages (as defined in such section, as in effect before its repeal) which were paid or incurred before January 1, 2004, (ii) in the case of the repeal of subsections (b) and (f) of section 1400L of such Code, qualified New York Liberty Zone property (as defined in section 1400L(b) of such Code, as in effect before its repeal) placed in serv-ice before January 1, 2010, (iii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400L(c) of such Code, qualified New York Liberty Zone leasehold improvement prop-erty (as defined in such section, as in effect before its repeal) placed in service before January 1, 2007, (iv) in the case of the repeal of section 1400L(d) of such Code, qualified New York Liberty bonds (as defined in such section, as in effect before its repeal) issued before Jan-uary 1, 2014, (v) in the case of the repeal of section 1400L(e) of such Code, advanced refundings before January 1, 2006, (vi) in the case of the repeal of section 1400L(g) of such Code, property which is compulsorily or involuntarily converted as a result of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, (vii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(a) of such Code, obligations issued be-fore January 1, 2012, (viii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(b) of such Code, advanced refundings before January 1, 2011, (ix) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(d) of such Code, property placed in service before January 1, 2012, (x) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(e) of such Code, property placed in service before January 1, 2009, (xi) in the case of the repeal of subsections (f) and (g) of section 1400N of such Code, amounts paid or incurred before January 1, 2008, (xii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(h) of such Code, amounts paid or in-curred before January 1, 2012, (xiii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(k)(1)(B) of such Code, losses arising in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2008, (xiv) in the case of the repeal of section 1400N(l) of such Code, bonds issued before January 1, 2007, (xv) in the case of the repeal of section 1400Q(a) of such Code, distributions before January 1, 2007, (xvi) in the case of the repeal of section 1400Q(b) of such Code, contributions before March 1, 2006, (xvii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400Q(c) of such Code, loans made before Jan-uary 1, 2007, (xviii) in the case of the repeal of section 1400R of such Code, wages paid or incurred before January 1, 2006, (xix) in the case of the repeal of section 1400S(a) of such Code, contributions paid be-fore January 1, 2006, (xx) in the case of the repeal of section 1400T of such Code, financing provided before January 1, 2011, and (xxi) in the case of the repeal of part III of subchapter Y of chapter 1 of such Code, obli-gations issued before January 1, 2011. (7) PROVISIONS RELATED TO COBRA PREMIUM  
ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter B of chapter 65 is amended by striking section 6432 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subchapter). (B) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Part I of subchapter B of chapter 68 is amended by striking section 6720C (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (C) E
XCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 139C (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (8) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF PRESIDENTIAL ELEC -
TION CAMPAIGN FUND .—Chapter 95 is amended by striking section 9013 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such chapter). (e) G
ENERAL SAVINGS PROVISION WITHRE-
SPECT TO DEADWOOD PROVISIONS .—If— (1) any provision amended or repealed by the amendments made by subsection (b) or (d) applied to— (A) any transaction occurring before the date of the enactment of this Act, (B) any property acquired before such date of enactment, or (C) any item of income, loss, deduction, or credit taken into account before such date of enactment, and (2) the treatment of such transaction, property, or item under such provision would (without regard to the amendments or re-peals made by such subsection) affect the li-ability for tax for periods ending after such date of enactment, nothing in the amendments or repeals made by this section shall be construed to affect the treatment of such transaction, property, or item for purposes of determining liability for tax for periods ending after such date of enactment. DIVISION V—CLOUD ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Clari-fying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act’’ or the ‘‘CLOUD Act’’. 
SEC. 102. CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Timely access to electronic data held by communications-service providers is an essential component of government efforts to protect public safety and combat serious crime, including terrorism. (2) Such efforts by the United States Gov-ernment are being impeded by the inability to access data stored outside the United States that is in the custody, control, or pos-session of communications-service providers that are subject to jurisdiction of the United States. (3) Foreign governments also increasingly seek access to electronic data held by com-munications-service providers in the United States for the purpose of combating serious crime. (4) Communications-service providers face potential conflicting legal obligations when a foreign government orders production of electronic data that United States law may prohibit providers from disclosing. (5) Foreign law may create similarly con-flicting legal obligations when chapter 121 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘ Stored Communications Act’’), requires disclosure of electronic data that foreign law prohibits communications- service providers from disclosing. (6) International agreements provide a mechanism for resolving these potential con-flicting legal obligations where the United States and the relevant foreign government share a common commitment to the rule of law and the protection of privacy and civil liberties. SEC. 103. PRESERVATION OF RECORDS; COMITY ANALYSIS OF LEGAL PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIRED PRESERVATION AND DISCLO -
SURE OF COMMUNICATIONS AND RECORDS .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Chapter 121 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2713. Required preservation and disclosure of communications and records ‘‘A provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service shall comply with the obligations of this chapter to preserve, backup, or disclose the contents of a wire or electronic communication and any record or other information pertaining to a customer or subscriber within such pro-vider’s possession, custody, or control, re-gardless of whether such communication, record, or other information is located with-in or outside of the United States.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 121 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2712 the fol-lowing: ‘‘2713. Required preservation and disclosure of communications and records.’’. (b) C
OMITY ANALYSIS OF LEGAL PROCESS  S
EEKING CONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC  C
OMMUNICATION .—Section 2703 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) C
OMITY ANALYSIS AND DISCLOSURE OF  I
NFORMATION REGARDING LEGAL PROCESS  S
EEKING CONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC  C
OMMUNICATION .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘qualifying foreign govern-ment’ means a foreign government— ‘‘(i) with which the United States has an executive agreement that has entered into force under section 2523; and ‘‘(ii) the laws of which provide to elec-tronic communication service providers and remote computing service providers sub-stantive and procedural opportunities simi-lar to those provided under paragraphs (2) and (5); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given the term in section 2523. ‘‘(2) M
OTIONS TO QUASH OR MODIFY .—(A) A provider of electronic communication serv-ice to the public or remote computing serv-ice, including a foreign electronic commu-nication service or remote computing serv-ice, that is being required to disclose pursu-ant to legal process issued under this section the contents of a wire or electronic commu-nication of a subscriber or customer, may file a motion to modify or quash the legal process where the provider reasonably be-lieves— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2014 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(i) that the customer or subscriber is not a United States person and does not reside in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) that the required disclosure would create a material risk that the provider would violate the laws of a qualifying foreign government. Such a motion shall be filed not later than 14 days after the date on which the provider was served with the legal process, absent agreement with the government or permis-sion from the court to extend the deadline based on an application made within the 14 days. The right to move to quash is without prejudice to any other grounds to move to quash or defenses thereto, but it shall be the sole basis for moving to quash on the grounds of a conflict of law related to a qualifying foreign government. ‘‘(B) Upon receipt of a motion filed pursu-ant to subparagraph (A), the court shall af-ford the governmental entity that applied for or issued the legal process under this sec-tion the opportunity to respond. The court may modify or quash the legal process, as appropriate, only if the court finds that— ‘‘(i) the required disclosure would cause the provider to violate the laws of a quali-fying foreign government; ‘‘(ii) based on the totality of the cir-cumstances, the interests of justice dictate that the legal process should be modified or quashed; and ‘‘(iii) the customer or subscriber is not a United States person and does not reside in the United States. ‘‘(3) C
OMITY ANALYSIS .—For purposes of making a determination under paragraph (2)(B)(ii), the court shall take into account, as appropriate— ‘‘(A) the interests of the United States, in-cluding the investigative interests of the governmental entity seeking to require the disclosure; ‘‘(B) the interests of the qualifying foreign government in preventing any prohibited disclosure; ‘‘(C) the likelihood, extent, and nature of penalties to the provider or any employees of the provider as a result of inconsistent legal requirements imposed on the provider; ‘‘(D) the location and nationality of the subscriber or customer whose communica-tions are being sought, if known, and the na-ture and extent of the subscriber or cus-tomer’s connection to the United States, or if the legal process has been sought on behalf of a foreign authority pursuant to section 3512, the nature and extent of the subscriber or customer’s connection to the foreign authority’s country; ‘‘(E) the nature and extent of the pro-vider’s ties to and presence in the United States; ‘‘(F) the importance to the investigation of the information required to be disclosed; ‘‘(G) the likelihood of timely and effective access to the information required to be dis-closed through means that would cause less serious negative consequences; and ‘‘(H) if the legal process has been sought on behalf of a foreign authority pursuant to sec-tion 3512, the investigative interests of the foreign authority making the request for as-sistance. ‘‘(4) D
ISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS DURING PEND -
ENCY OF CHALLENGE .—A service provider shall preserve, but not be obligated to produce, information sought during the pendency of a motion brought under this subsection, unless the court finds that imme-diate production is necessary to prevent an adverse result identified in section 2705(a)(2). ‘‘(5) D
ISCLOSURE TO QUALIFYING FOREIGN  
GOVERNMENT .—(A) It shall not constitute a violation of a protective order issued under section 2705 for a provider of electronic com-munication service to the public or remote computing service to disclose to the entity within a qualifying foreign government, des-ignated in an executive agreement under sec-tion 2523, the fact of the existence of legal process issued under this section seeking the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion of a customer or subscriber who is a na-tional or resident of the qualifying foreign government. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to modify or otherwise affect any other authority to make a motion to modify or quash a protective order issued under sec-tion 2705.’’. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or an amendment made by this section, shall be construed to modify or oth-erwise affect the common law standards gov-erning the availability or application of comity analysis to other types of compul-sory process or to instances of compulsory process issued under section 2703 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, and not covered under subsection (h)(2) of such section 2703. 
SEC. 104. ADDITIONAL AMENDMENTS TO CUR-RENT COMMUNICATIONS LAWS. 
Title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in chapter 119— (A) in section 2511(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter for a provider of electronic commu-nication service to the public or remote com-puting service to intercept or disclose the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion in response to an order from a foreign government that is subject to an executive agreement that the Attorney General has de-termined and certified to Congress satisfies section 2523.’’; and (B) in section 2520(d), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) a good faith determination that sec-tion 2511(3), 2511(2)(i), or 2511(2)(j) of this title permitted the conduct complained of;’’; (2) in chapter 121— (A) in section 2702— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) to a foreign government pursuant to an order from a foreign government that is subject to an executive agreement that the Attorney General has determined and cer-tified to Congress satisfies section 2523.’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) to a foreign government pursuant to an order from a foreign government that is subject to an executive agreement that the Attorney General has determined and cer-tified to Congress satisfies section 2523.’’; and (B) in section 2707(e), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) a good faith determination that sec-tion 2511(3), section 2702(b)(9), or section 2702(c)(7) of this title permitted the conduct complained of;’’; and (3) in chapter 206— (A) in section 3121(a), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘or an order from a foreign government that is sub-ject to an executive agreement that the At-torney General has determined and certified to Congress satisfies section 2523’’; and (B) in section 3124— (i) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) N
OCAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST A PRO-
VIDER DISCLOSING INFORMATION UNDER THIS CHAPTER .—No cause of action shall lie in any court against any provider of a wire or elec-tronic communication service, its officers, employees, agents, or other specified persons for providing information, facilities, or as-sistance in accordance with a court order under this chapter, request pursuant to sec-tion 3125 of this title, or an order from a for-eign government that is subject to an execu-tive agreement that the Attorney General has determined and certified to Congress sat-isfies section 2523.’’; and (ii) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) D
EFENSE .—A good faith reliance on a court order under this chapter, a request pursuant to section 3125 of this title, a legis-lative authorization, a statutory authoriza-tion, or a good faith determination that the conduct complained of was permitted by an order from a foreign government that is sub-ject to executive agreement that the Attor-ney General has determined and certified to Congress satisfies section 2523, is a complete defense against any civil or criminal action brought under this chapter or any other law.’’. 
SEC. 105. EXECUTIVE AGREEMENTS ON ACCESS TO DATA BY FOREIGN GOVERN-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 119 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2523. Executive agreements on access to data by foreign governments ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)); and ‘‘(2) the term ‘United States person’ means a citizen or national of the United States, an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence, an unincorporated association a sub-stantial number of members of which are citizens of the United States or aliens law-fully admitted for permanent residence, or a corporation that is incorporated in the United States. ‘‘(b) E
XECUTIVE AGREEMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For purposes of this chapter, chap-ter 121, and chapter 206, an executive agree-ment governing access by a foreign govern-ment to data subject to this chapter, chapter 121, or chapter 206 shall be considered to sat-isfy the requirements of this section if the Attorney General, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, determines, and sub-mits a written certification of such deter-mination to Congress, including a written certification and explanation of each consid-eration in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4), that— ‘‘(1) the domestic law of the foreign gov-ernment, including the implementation of that law, affords robust substantive and pro-cedural protections for privacy and civil lib-erties in light of the data collection and ac-tivities of the foreign government that will be subject to the agreement, if— ‘‘(A) such a determination under this sec-tion takes into account, as appropriate, cred-ible information and expert input; and ‘‘(B) the factors to be met in making such a determination include whether the foreign government— ‘‘(i) has adequate substantive and proce-dural laws on cybercrime and electronic evi-dence, as demonstrated by being a party to the Convention on Cybercrime, done at Bu-dapest November 23, 2001, and entered into force January 7, 2004, or through domestic laws that are consistent with definitions and the requirements set forth in chapters I and II of that Convention; ‘‘(ii) demonstrates respect for the rule of law and principles of nondiscrimination; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2015 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(iii) adheres to applicable international human rights obligations and commitments or demonstrates respect for international universal human rights, including— ‘‘(I) protection from arbitrary and unlaw-ful interference with privacy; ‘‘(II) fair trial rights; ‘‘(III) freedom of expression, association, and peaceful assembly; ‘‘(IV) prohibitions on arbitrary arrest and detention; and ‘‘(V) prohibitions against torture and cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment; ‘‘(iv) has clear legal mandates and proce-dures governing those entities of the foreign government that are authorized to seek data under the executive agreement, including procedures through which those authorities collect, retain, use, and share data, and ef-fective oversight of these activities; ‘‘(v) has sufficient mechanisms to provide accountability and appropriate transparency regarding the collection and use of elec-tronic data by the foreign government; and ‘‘(vi) demonstrates a commitment to pro-mote and protect the global free flow of in-formation and the open, distributed, and interconnected nature of the Internet; ‘‘(2) the foreign government has adopted appropriate procedures to minimize the ac-quisition, retention, and dissemination of in-formation concerning United States persons subject to the agreement; ‘‘(3) the terms of the agreement shall not create any obligation that providers be capa-ble of decrypting data or limitation that pre-vents providers from decrypting data; and ‘‘(4) the agreement requires that, with re-spect to any order that is subject to the agreement— ‘‘(A) the foreign government may not in-tentionally target a United States person or a person located in the United States, and shall adopt targeting procedures designed to meet this requirement; ‘‘(B) the foreign government may not tar-get a non-United States person located out-side the United States if the purpose is to ob-tain information concerning a United States person or a person located in the United States; ‘‘(C) the foreign government may not issue an order at the request of or to obtain infor-mation to provide to the United States Gov-ernment or a third-party government, nor shall the foreign government be required to share any information produced with the United States Government or a third-party government; ‘‘(D) an order issued by the foreign govern-ment— ‘‘(i) shall be for the purpose of obtaining information relating to the prevention, de-tection, investigation, or prosecution of seri-ous crime, including terrorism; ‘‘(ii) shall identify a specific person, ac-count, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier as the object of the order; ‘‘(iii) shall be in compliance with the do-mestic law of that country, and any obliga-tion for a provider of an electronic commu-nications service or a remote computing service to produce data shall derive solely from that law; ‘‘(iv) shall be based on requirements for a reasonable justification based on articulable and credible facts, particularity, legality, and severity regarding the conduct under in-vestigation; ‘‘(v) shall be subject to review or oversight by a court, judge, magistrate, or other inde-pendent authority prior to, or in proceedings regarding, enforcement of the order; and ‘‘(vi) in the case of an order for the inter-ception of wire or electronic communica-tions, and any extensions thereof, shall re-quire that the interception order— ‘‘(I) be for a fixed, limited duration; and ‘‘(II) may not last longer than is reason-ably necessary to accomplish the approved purposes of the order; and ‘‘(III) be issued only if the same informa-tion could not reasonably be obtained by an-other less intrusive method; ‘‘(E) an order issued by the foreign govern-ment may not be used to infringe freedom of speech; ‘‘(F) the foreign government shall prompt-ly review material collected pursuant to the agreement and store any unreviewed commu-nications on a secure system accessible only to those persons trained in applicable proce-dures; ‘‘(G) the foreign government shall, using procedures that, to the maximum extent pos-sible, meet the definition of minimization procedures in section 101 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801), segregate, seal, or delete, and not dis-seminate material found not to be informa-tion that is, or is necessary to understand or assess the importance of information that is, relevant to the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of serious crime, in-cluding terrorism, or necessary to protect against a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person; ‘‘(H) the foreign government may not dis-seminate the content of a communication of a United States person to United States au-thorities unless the communication may be disseminated pursuant to subparagraph (G) and relates to significant harm, or the threat thereof, to the United States or United States persons, including crimes involving national security such as terrorism, signifi-cant violent crime, child exploitation, transnational organized crime, or significant financial fraud; ‘‘(I) the foreign government shall afford re-ciprocal rights of data access, to include, where applicable, removing restrictions on communications service providers, including providers subject to United States jurisdic-tion, and thereby allow them to respond to valid legal process sought by a governmental entity (as defined in section 2711) if foreign law would otherwise prohibit communica-tions-service providers from disclosing the data; ‘‘(J) the foreign government shall agree to periodic review of compliance by the foreign government with the terms of the agreement to be conducted by the United States Gov-ernment; and ‘‘(K) the United States Government shall reserve the right to render the agreement in-applicable as to any order for which the United States Government concludes the agreement may not properly be invoked. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A determination or certification made by the Attorney General under subsection (b) shall not be subject to judicial or administrative review. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE .—Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Attorney General cer-tifies an executive agreement under sub-section (b), the Attorney General shall pro-vide notice of the determination under sub-section (b) and a copy of the executive agree-ment to Congress, including— ‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) E
NTRY INTO FORCE .—An executive agreement that is determined and certified by the Attorney General to satisfy the re-quirements of this section shall enter into force not earlier than the date that is 180 days after the date on which notice is pro-vided under paragraph (1), unless Congress enacts a joint resolution of disapproval in accordance with paragraph (4). ‘‘(3) REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—Upon re- quest by the Chairman or Ranking Member of a congressional committee described in paragraph (1), the head of an agency shall promptly furnish a summary of factors con-sidered in determining that the foreign gov-ernment satisfies the requirements of this section. ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution— ‘‘(i) introduced during the 180-day period described in paragraph (2); ‘‘(ii) which does not have a preamble; ‘‘(iii) the title of which is as follows: ‘Joint resolution disapproving the executive agree-ment signed by the United States and ll.’, the blank space being appropriately filled in; and ‘‘(iv) the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress dis-approves the executive agreement governing access by lll to certain electronic data as submitted by the Attorney General on lll’, the blank spaces being appropriately filled in. ‘‘(B) J
OINT RESOLUTION ENACTED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this section, if not later than 180 days after the date on which notice is provided to Congress under paragraph (1), there is enacted into law a joint resolution disapproving of an executive agreement under this section, the executive agreement shall not enter into force. ‘‘(C) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 180-day pe-riod described in subparagraph (B), a joint resolution of disapproval may be intro-duced— ‘‘(i) in the House of Representatives, by the majority leader or the minority leader; and ‘‘(ii) in the Senate, by the majority leader (or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-ignee). ‘‘(5) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .—If a committee of the House of Representatives to which a joint resolu-tion of disapproval has been referred has not reported the joint resolution within 120 days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consider-ation of the joint resolution. ‘‘(6) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— ‘‘(A) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-tion of disapproval introduced in the Senate shall be referred jointly— ‘‘(i) to the Committee on the Judiciary; and ‘‘(ii) to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If a com- mittee to which a joint resolution of dis-approval was referred has not reported the joint resolution within 120 days after the date of referral of the joint resolution, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution and the joint resolution shall be placed on the appro-priate calendar. ‘‘(C) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—It is in order at any time after both the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Foreign Relations report a joint resolu-tion of disapproval to the Senate or have been discharged from consideration of such a joint resolution (even though a previous mo-tion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2016 March 22, 2018 
waived. The motion is not debatable or sub-ject to a motion to postpone. A motion to re-consider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. ‘‘(D) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .—In the Senate, consideration of the joint resolution, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those op-posing the joint resolution. A motion further to limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(E) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .— Debate in the Senate of any veto message with respect to a joint resolution of dis-approval, including all debatable motions and appeals in connection with the joint res-olution, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the majority leader and the minority leader or their designees. ‘‘(7) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— ‘‘(A) T
REATMENT OF SENATE JOINT RESOLU -
TION IN HOUSE .—In the House of Representa-tives, the following procedures shall apply to a joint resolution of disapproval received from the Senate (unless the House has al-ready passed a joint resolution relating to the same proposed action): ‘‘(i) The joint resolution shall be referred to the appropriate committees. ‘‘(ii) If a committee to which a joint reso-lution has been referred has not reported the joint resolution within 7 days after the date of referral, that committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution. ‘‘(iii) Beginning on the third legislative day after each committee to which a joint resolution has been referred reports the joint resolution to the House or has been dis-charged from further consideration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the joint resolution. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without inter-vening motion. The motion shall not be de-batable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. ‘‘(iv) The joint resolution shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against the joint resolution and against its consider-ation are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolu-tion to final passage without intervening motion except 2 hours of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the sponsor of the joint resolution (or a designee) and an oppo-nent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint resolution shall not be in order. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF HOUSE JOINT RESOLU -
TION IN SENATE .— ‘‘(i) If, before the passage by the Senate of a joint resolution of disapproval, the Senate receives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(I) That joint resolution shall not be re-ferred to a committee. ‘‘(II) With respect to that joint resolu-tion— ‘‘(aa) the procedure in the Senate shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the House of Representatives; but ‘‘(bb) the vote on passage shall be on the joint resolution from the House of Rep-resentatives. ‘‘(ii) If, following passage of a joint resolu-tion of disapproval in the Senate, the Senate receives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, that joint res-olution shall be placed on the appropriate Senate calendar. ‘‘(iii) If a joint resolution of disapproval is received from the House, and no companion joint resolution has been introduced in the Senate, the Senate procedures under this subsection shall apply to the House joint res-olution. ‘‘(C) APPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES .— The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to a joint resolution of disapproval that is a rev-enue measure. ‘‘(8) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by Congress— ‘‘(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, re-spectively, and supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘(e) R
ENEWAL OF DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall review and may renew a deter-mination under subsection (b) every 5 years. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Upon renewing a determina-tion under subsection (b), the Attorney Gen-eral shall file a report with the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives describing— ‘‘(A) the reasons for the renewal; ‘‘(B) any substantive changes to the agree-ment or to the relevant laws or procedures of the foreign government since the original de-termination or, in the case of a second or subsequent renewal, since the last renewal; and ‘‘(C) how the agreement has been imple-mented and what problems or controversies, if any, have arisen as a result of the agree-ment or its implementation. ‘‘(3) N
ONRENEWAL .—If a determination is not renewed under paragraph (1), the agree-ment shall no longer be considered to satisfy the requirements of this section. ‘‘(f) R
EVISIONS TO AGREEMENT .—A revision to an agreement under this section shall be treated as a new agreement for purposes of this section and shall be subject to the cer-tification requirement under subsection (b), and to the procedures under subsection (d), except that for purposes of a revision to an agreement— ‘‘(1) the applicable time period under para-graphs (2), (4)(A)(i), (4)(B), and (4)(C) of sub-section (d) shall be 90 days after the date no-tice is provided under subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(2) the applicable time period under para-graphs (5) and (6)(B) of subsection (d) shall be 60 days after the date notice is provided under subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(g) P
UBLICATION .—Any determination or certification under subsection (b) regarding an executive agreement under this section, including any termination or renewal of such an agreement, shall be published in the Fed-eral Register as soon as is reasonably prac-ticable. ‘‘(h) MINIMIZATION PROCEDURES .—A United States authority that receives the content of a communication described in subsection (b)(4)(H) from a foreign government in ac-cordance with an executive agreement under this section shall use procedures that, to the maximum extent possible, meet the defini-tion of minimization procedures in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801) to appropriately protect nonpublicly available information concerning United States persons.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 119 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2522 the following: ‘‘2523. Executive agreements on access to data by foreign governments.’’. 
SEC. 106. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this division, or the amend-ments made by this division, shall be con-strued to preclude any foreign authority from obtaining assistance in a criminal in-vestigation or prosecution pursuant to sec-tion 3512 of title 18, United States Code, sec-tion 1782 of title 28, United States Code, or as otherwise provided by law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 796, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today to present House amend-ment to Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, the final appropriations package for fiscal year 2018. This legislation contains full funding for all the 12 an-nual appropriations bills. It represents thousands of hours of work and input by Members of Congress and our great staff. Starting 1 year ago with 12 appro-priations bills moving through the committee process last spring, these bills were then considered and passed on the House floor under a transparent and inclusive process. This represents the first time the House has passed all 12 bills before the end of the fiscal year since 2010. After the bipartisan budget deal was enacted last month, appropriations committee leadership, House and Sen-ate leadership on both sides of the aisle, and the White House quickly went to work, negotiating in good faith and in the best interest of the Amer-ican people. The bill we are considering today is a product of that hard-fought agreement. In total, the legislation provides $1.3 trillion in discretionary funding for the Federal Government, including $78.1 billion for the global war on terror and overseas contingency operations. This meets the caps provided in the recent budget agreement. Most importantly, Mr. Speaker, it includes historic in-vestments in our Armed Forces, includ-ing the largest year-to-year increase in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2017 March 22, 2018 
funding for the Department of Defense since the beginning of the war on ter-ror. It fully funds the 2.4 pay increase for our servicemen and -women, the larg-est in 8 years, and provides the largest dollar total ever for the Department of Veterans Affairs. In addition to strengthening our na-tional defense, this legislation boosts security here at home: stronger border infrastructure, additional boots on the ground, and better technology and equipment that will close the gaps at our borders. Specifically, this includes more than $1.5 billion for physical bar-riers and associated technology along the southwest border. Overall, funding for border security and law enforcement is increased by over 30 percent above last year. Fund-ing is also focused on critical domestic priorities, addressing urgent needs that will improve the quality of life for all Americans and support economic growth and job creation, especially in-frastructure, providing more than $21.2 billion in new funding for transpor-tation infrastructure, as well as energy and water infrastructure, and tech-nology like broadband and cybersecu-rity. This passage also targets approxi-mately $84 billion to fight the opioid epidemic that is devastating families across the country—the largest invest-ment in addressing this public health issue and emergency to date. Funding is also directed towards school safety, providing the training and mental health services and grants to commu-nities that will help prevent the kind of tragedy and heartbreak that oc-curred recently in Florida, and it pro-vides robust funding for wildlife fire-fighting prevention programs, and in-cludes long-sought forest management and fire budgeting reforms that will provide for budget security certainty and improve the health of our forests. All these investments are made re-sponsibly, implementing strong over-sight at every level of government to ensure we get the most out of every dollar. Consequently, Mr. Speaker, I hope that every Member supports this package. b1115 Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to acknowledge the many people who helped bring this bill to the floor: to Mrs. L
OWEY , my counterpart, the ranking member, thank you for your support and friendship; the 12 com-mittee chairs and their ranking mem-bers for the hard work that they did over the last 12 months; the Appropria-tions Committee staff, all true profes-sionals, some behind me, some across the floor, some in the galleries, for put-ting in countless hours and sleepless nights to help us bring this bill to the floor within a few weeks of the cap deal. In particular, Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize our staff team led by our very able staff director, Nancy Fox; assisting her, Maureen Holohan, Ste-phen Sepp, Shannon O’Keefe, Jennifer Hing, Jason Gray, Marta Hernandez, Tammy Hughes, Rachel Kahler, Parker VanDeWater, and Tom Doelp. On the minority side, Shalanda Young and Chris Bigelow. Special thanks to our remarkable and amazing clerks, Tom O’Brien, John Martens, Jennifer Miller, Angie Giancarlo, Dena Baron, Donna Shahbaz, Dave LesStrang, Susan Ross, Jenny Panone, Sue Quantius, Craig Higgins, and Doug Disrud. I would also like to recognize the work of Kevin Linskey, Surveys and Investigations, Jim Cahill, and Cathy Little. I would also like to recognize those on our staff who are moving or retir-ing: Matt Dennis, Chris Romig, and Carol Murphy. And thank you to my own personal staff back in the Rayburn building, ably led by Kate Hazlett. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we fully fund the Federal Government for fiscal year 2018. Our current continuing reso-lution expires tomorrow. It is in the best interests of the American people that we get this work done this morn-ing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Consolidated Appro-priations Act repudiates the abysmal Trump budget, investing robustly in critical priorities like childcare, trans-portation infrastructure, national se-curity, election protection, medical re-search, opioid abuse prevention and treatment, veterans’ health services, and much more. These investments are key to strong families and commu-nities, job creation, and economic growth. This bill rejects scores of divisive poison pill riders targeting women’s health, clean air and water, worker rights, consumer financial protections, health insurance, and other critical priorities. In addition, I am pleased the omnibus includes language clarifying that the CDC has the authority to conduct re-search on the causes of gun violence. Within the State and Foreign Oper-ations division, this omnibus invests in stronger and more stable communities around the world, alleviating poverty and disease and strengthening demo-cratic political systems. These invest-ments in diplomacy and development are critical to our national security. I am pleased this final product re-jects onerous policy riders like the global gag rule. These responsible investments and policies signal to the world that, de-spite an erratic President, the United States remains a world leader. To be clear, this omnibus is not a perfect product. I strongly object to the majority’s fixation on walling off our southern border and building ca-pacity to arrest and detain immi-grants. While the bill rejects the ad-ministration demands for a border wall, a large deportation force, and more detention beds, the amount pro-vided is nonetheless a waste of money and contrary to our national character. Before I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his partnership and all the members of the committee for their contributions. I would also like to thank the minor-ity, majority, and personal office staffs who worked so very hard, particularly Shalanda Young and Chris Bigelow and Richard Meltzer. I also want to thank the committee’s minority outstanding communications director, Matt Dennis, who is departing the House next month. He has served this institution for nearly 15 years at the Appropriations Committee in my personal office and in former Congress-man R
USHHolt’s office. We will really miss his dedicated service. I want to make sure I thank the ma-jority staff, Nancy Fox and her team, because there was real cooperation be-tween the majority and the minority. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), chair-man of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, despite his laudable ef-forts to complete all fiscal year 2018 House bills on time, the perpetual stalemate on unrelated matters left us with this undesirable choice of several continuing resolutions. Piecemeal funding of government is universally harmful, but now we have a chance to get back on track and final-ize funding for fiscal year 2018. Mr. Speaker, there is a reason why we have a rule against legislating on appropriations bills, and yet here we are. The only holdback that kept us from getting these bills done on time was the fact that a lot of people—some, even, in leadership—who want to load onto this must-pass bill legislation that is controversial. Yet our com-mittee has to cope with an unsatisfac-tory arrangement. Protecting American interests around the globe through military readiness and diplomacy is not a lux-ury in this hostile environment. It is a responsibility. This bill provides the necessary resources to fulfill that re-sponsibility. It upholds our commitments to key strategic partners and allies such as Israel, Jordan, Egypt, and Ukraine. The bill also will assist other partners to fight terrorism, secure borders, re-sist aggression, and stabilize commu-nities affected by conflict. We also uphold our longstanding commitment as Americans to help those displaced by conflict or natural disaster or who are facing famine. Today’s bill will also fight back against the scourge of opioid abuse and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.028 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2018 March 22, 2018 
help reignite the economy of coal coun-try. Like Operation UNITE, in my Ken-tucky district, the Federal Govern-ment has taken a holistic approach to tackle the complex opioid problem. The agreement provides historic levels of funding for law enforcement, treat-ment, prevention, recovery, and re-search. Only when these elements all work in concert will we truly be able to turn the tide and save lives. In addition, after struggling under the war on coal, it is time to turn a new page in central Appalachia. This bill will give us more tools to strength-en economic development in that re-gion. First, the agreement invests in cut-ting-edge technologies to ensure coal remains a significant part of our en-ergy portfolio, both here at home and abroad. There is also continued support for the Abandoned Mine Land pilot pro-gram. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. This sup-port for the AML pilot program allows us to clean up abandoned mines and re-purpose them to create jobs. Finally, I am proud that this agree-ment includes legislation that I helped introduce, the STOP School Violence Act, which aims to curb the epidemic of violence in our schools. This is a sig-nificant step forward in our effort to protect our children from senseless tragedy. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the ranking member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me time and for her incredible work on this bill, and also the chairman of the full committee, Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN . Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan agreement before us and want to thank, again, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY and our able committee staff on both sides for their tireless effort to slog this across the finish line after five false starts. It is utterly ridiculous that nearly halfway into the fiscal year that began last October 2017 we finally arrived at the brink of completion of our top pri-ority: funding the operations of the Government of the United States from the Defense Department to children’s health. Republicans control both Chambers of Congress as well as the White House, yet the delays and dysfunction have been worse than ever. Americans around our country can’t extend dead-line after deadline after deadline after deadline after deadline in their jobs. We should live up to those same stand-ards. In my title, the Energy and Water Development bill, we make progress by bringing forward America’s backlogged construction projects, which number into the billions of dollars, making many important investments for our Nation’s infrastructure, including: a 13 percent increase for the Army Corps of Engineers over 2017, which will allow for more critical waterways projects to drive our economy and job creation; and an 11 percent increase to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to finally move toward com-plete energy independence for our country, including through the weath-erization program, which has in-creased, as well as an additional 15 per-cent to invent our energy future through our most advanced energy technology programs, ARPA–E. Additionally, we removed a harmful rider on the waters of the U.S. rule, which, along with others, would have seriously hindered overall passage. This deal busts through budget caps set in 2011 by $143 billion, or 13 percent. And although I support investment in our military, the balance between de-fense and our domestic priorities is skewed in the wrong direction. In Ohio, we are at the epicenter of the opioid epidemic, with more than 5,000 drug estimated overdose deaths in the last 12 months alone. We rank sec-ond in the Nation for deaths per capita. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, although I support the inclusion of a $2.7 billion increase for opioid prevention, treat-ment, and recovery, this funding only nibbles at the edge of the problem. This is a national crisis. It must be reflected in a real plan to meet the crisis, in-cluding funding priorities. No matter how many fighters or tanks we have, America will not be strong abroad if vast segments of our own population are dying here at home—more than in traffic accidents, more than from major diseases—from opioid and drug abuse. This bill is a fair compromise, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ de-spite some of the major provisions that are not in there that break our hearts. The American people are counting on us to run our Nation’s ship of State. Let’s do that today. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), the chairman of the Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to echo a few of the comments Members have already heard this morning. The Appropriations subcommittees have, indeed, spent many months and countless hours in developing a bill that really and truly invests in our critical national needs, and that is from defense to rural infrastructure to major health crises, such as opioids. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Ag-riculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropria-tions, let me add that this division of the bill has solid wins for agriculture, for the food sector, for the healthcare community, and for rural America. Members from rural districts with agriculture constituents, like I have down in Alabama, can be proud of the many accomplishments that are in-cluded in this bill. We are restoring funding and greatly adding to the need-ed infrastructure upgrades. This bill also provides necessary re-lief for American farmers and ranchers, who continued to experience a signifi-cant reduction in income over the past few years. b1130 This bill today contains a downpay-ment on ensuring that rural America is not left behind. The rural development account in this bill today contains $625 million of commitment to expanding rural broadband in an effort to close the rural digital divide for the 23 mil-lion Americans—more than 40 percent of all Americans—who do not have ac-cess to broadband. In addition to broadband, the bill in-vests in water and wastewater needs for our rural constituents. The bill pro-vides a total of $3 billion in loan au-thorizations and $1 billion in grants— an increase of $500 million over last year—to provide clean and reliable water resources in rural America. In closing, it has been said here this morning that there are a lot of con-cerns about how we have moved for-ward in this process and a lot of mat-ters that have been added to the bill. But it is my hope that we, as we move forward, can take a different approach to the bills we are preparing as we look forward to the new fiscal year. But this is the process that we have today, and the simple fact remains that we have to fund the Federal Government. We have to do it, and we have to do it today. In closing, I ask my colleagues to support this bill as we rebuild Amer-ica’s defenses and provide vital health and safety needs to all Americans. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), who is the ranking member of the Labor-HHS Subcommittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.030 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2019 March 22, 2018 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the om-nibus funding bill for 2018 makes im-portant investments in health, edu-cation, and job programs. It rejects many of the damaging ideological rid-ers that marked earlier efforts in this appropriations process. In a time when the Trump administration is seeking massive cuts in funding, senseless eliminations of critical programs, and the fundamental hollowing out of our Federal agencies, we fought to include critical investments in Democratic pri-orities that boost the middle class. For health, it is an increase of $3 bil-lion for the National Institutes of Health research, including an increase of more than 50 percent to develop a universal flu vaccine. There is an in-crease of more than $3 billion for opioids, including funding to support treatment and prevention, prescription drug monitoring programs, behavioral health workforce training programs, and so much more. We secured increases for our coun-try’s youngest children and their fami-lies, including an historic increase of $2.4 billion for childcare and $610 mil-lion for Head Start. In education, we include public school education for-mula grants that help students learn and keep them safe, including title 1, Student Support and Academic Enrich-ment, afterschool and special edu-cation. We do not advance the radical agenda of taking money from public schools through private school vouch-ers. I am thrilled that we have helped to make college more affordable by in-creasing the maximum Pell grant and other campus-based financial aid. We achieved an important victory for workers. The deal prohibits employers from pocketing workers’ tips, including taking tips to pay managers and super-visors; and workers will have the right to sue to get back their stolen tips re-gardless of whether they were paid the full minimum wage or not. We held the line. We kept out the poison pill riders that would harm women’s access to healthcare and rid-ers that negatively impact the Depart-ment of Labor’s ability to protect workers. This omnibus ignores shortsighted cuts that are proposed by the Trump administration and instead increases funding for priorities that touch peo-ple’s lives. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ), who is the chairman of the Defense Sub-committee. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, Con-gress’ number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this Nation, and this agreement enables us to fulfill that most fundamental constitutional duty. This bill reflects the needs of our de-fense and intelligence experts so that they have the resources needed to com-bat the threats of today and in the fu-ture. In order to do this, this bill fo-cuses on readiness, modernization, and innovation. With these funds, our mili-tary can begin to rebuild after 16 years of war. The needs are great. We also include a 2.4 percent pay raise authorized for our troops with our appreciation for what they do. For procurement, the bill increases investment in ground vehicles, air-craft, ships, munitions, and other equipment. Secretary Mattis has said he never wants our enemies to face a fair fight, and this bill ensures our en-emies will face a strong and ready U.S. military. It makes investments in vital air-craft, including Joint Strike Fighters, Super Hornets, Apaches, Chinooks, Lakotas, V–22 Ospreys, Black Hawks, and C–130s. For the Navy, it funds 14 Navy ships, including one carrier re-placement, three littoral combat ships, two guided missiles destroyers, two at-tack submarines, and funding to con-tinue the Ohio Replacement Submarine program. The National Guard is critical to our national security. This agreement pro-vides six C–130 aircraft, 20 Black Hawk helicopters, and funding for the Army National Guard for support on the southwest border, additional funding for Army National Guard cyber protec-tion teams, and $1.3 billion for the Na-tional Guard and Reserve equipment account. Our military must be ready for fu-ture threats. The Department of De-fense must look 5, 10, and 20 years ahead to make sure we have the weap-ons systems we need. That is why this agreement also prioritizes research and development, including next genera-tion space systems and future ballistic missile defense programs. Last, after talking with Secretary Mattis, we included new flexibility for DOD to ensure that their funds were able to be spent in the smartest way possible while still maintaining strin-gent congressional oversight. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), who is the ranking member of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the omnibus appropriations act. While this is not the bill I would have written, nonethe-less, it is a significant victory for Min-nesotans and Americans. By investing in critical priorities like education, election integrity, housing, infrastructure, public safety, opioid abuse prevention and treatment, and veterans’ healthcare, this legisla-tion keeps Minnesota and our entire country safe, strong, and moving for-ward. As ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, my focus has been on protecting the environment, upholding our commitments to Native Ameri-cans, and preserving our natural re-sources and cultural treasures. We added new resources to address the maintenance backlog at our na-tional parks, support the Smithsonian Institution, and increase funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and the Humanities. Importantly, we have removed many Republican riders that attacked endangered species, un-dermined environmental safeguards, and jeopardized public health. In addition, this bill ensures that the Federal Government will treat wildfires as the natural disasters they are and stop the ridiculous practice of forcing the Forest Service and the De-partment of the Interior to borrow from other priorities to pay for wildfire suppression. I appreciate the hard work of all my colleagues, but especially Mr. SIMPSON  in forging this bipartisan compromise. Mr. Speaker, the omnibus represents a major accomplishment on behalf of the American people. I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY . I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Chairman C ALVERT  and all of our staff, both Democratic and Republican, for their hard work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this bipartisan bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ), who is the chairman of the Energy and Water De-velopment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first thank my ranking mem-ber, M
ARCY KAPTUR , for her efforts and input as we have worked through this bill over the past year and developed and completed the final fiscal year 2018 Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. I would also like to acknowledge the work of our Senate partners, L
AMAR  A
LEXANDER and D IANNE FEINSTEIN . I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2018 omnibus appropriations bill. It was negotiated in a bipartisan man-ner, but the end result has a strong em-phasis on Republican priorities. Within the Energy and Water Development di-vision specifically, those priorities in-clude national security and infrastruc-ture. Funding for DOE’s nuclear weapons security programs is at $14.7 billion, an increase of $1.7 billion above last year and $738 million above the budget re-quest. These funds will ensure the reli-ability and effectiveness of our nuclear weapons stockpile and will address a backlog of deferred maintenance at aging nuclear weapons facilities. The bill makes targeted investments to protect our Nation’s energy infra-structure against cyber and other at-tacks, including an increase of $18 mil-lion above last year’s level for research and development activities to strength-en the security of our electric grid. In total, the Energy and Water De-velopment bill increases funding for energy and water resources infrastruc-ture by $1.5 billion above fiscal year 2017. That includes an increase of al-most $800 million for the Army Corps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.032 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2020 March 22, 2018 
of Engineers to address pressing needs at our ports and waterways and to in-crease public safety through flood and storm damage reduction activities. The bill exceeds the annual target for har-bor maintenance trust fund activities by providing $1.4 billion—which rep-resents 94 percent of the estimated an-nual revenues, compared to the WRRDA 2014 target of 74 percent. The Bureau of Reclamation is funded at $1.47 billion, including $134 million for water storage projects authorized under the WIIN Act, $55 million for ad-ditional water conservation and deliv-ery projects, and $66.5 million above the budget request for rural water projects. The bill provides strong support for basic science research, with total fund-ing of $6.26 billion for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science, an in-crease of $868 million above last year. Nuclear energy and fossil energy are also increased above last year, with $188 million and $59 million respec-tively. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Idaho an additional 15 seconds. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, these re-search and development activities will advance the Nation’s goal of an all-of- the-above energy solution and energy independence. I encourage my col-leagues to support this. I would also like to take just a sec-ond to thank my colleague, Chairman C
ALVERT , for his work on the wildfire funding fix, a bill that I have been working on since 2013, and which Con-gressman S
CHRADER and I have intro-duced for the last 3 years. The Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and their staff have done a fantastic job of getting it in there. This is very important to the West. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), who is a senior mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank our ranking member for yielding, but also for her tireless work day and night to really help shape this bill to be, in many ways, a bipartisan bill. Also, I thank all of our ranking mem-bers. The input that they received from all of us and our staff and the phe-nomenal work that they have done has just been amazing in spite of the cir-cumstances. So I just have to thank them and Leader P
ELOSI for all of their very diligent work. Almost 6 months after the deadline, though, for the fiscal year 2018 appro-priations bill, this 2,232-page omnibus was released late last night. Now, less than 24 hours later, we are about to vote on a bill that really no one has had the time to read. I don’t know who in this body has read this bill. We would have had to read 100 pages per hour to get through this bill. Does anybody here read that fast, 100 pages per hour? What kind of informed decisions are we making with this last-minute rush for a vote? This is no way, Mr. Speaker, to run a government. However, yes, this omnibus has some really good provisions in it. It elimi-nates hundreds of poison pill riders ranging from efforts to defund Planned Parenthood to dismantling of critical labor and consumer protections. I am very grateful for that. Many good provisions include a new competitive grant which we have been working on for years for computer science funding for young girls and people of color. We include increases in job training, education, and family re-lief, as well as for Historically Black Colleges and Universities. My State has the highest number of students coming to HBCUs; so I am very grate-ful for those increases. Even with these increases, Mr. Speaker, the omnibus bill still falls so far short of what we need to just return to the funding levels before the seques-ter 8 years ago. Adjusted for inflation, we are still way below the 2010 levels for domestic spending. What is worse, while underfunding our needs here at home, this bill includes an increase in $80 billion in defense. This includes the overseas contingency fund which really is a slush fund for the Pentagon to fund these wars off-budget. We know that the Pentagon doesn’t need this excessive increase in funding to ensure our national security. b1145 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California. Ms. LEE. A Washington Post report in 2016 exposed a report detailing $125 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse. Yet we are increasing this by $80 billion; not to mention that much of this fund-ing is dedicated to continuing the end-less wars that we are waging around the world; wars that, I might add, Con-gress has still not debated, voted on, or authorized. Put simply, the defense spending will be the single largest increase for the Pentagon since the beginning of the Bush so-called war on terror. What is worse, this bill also fails to protect our young Dreamers who are still stuck in limbo. DACA recipients are American in every way, except on paper. When are we going to vote to protect our young people, Mr. Speaker? It is time to put politics aside and pass a clean Dream Act immediately. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), the chair-man of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this critical appro-priations bill to ensure that our mili-tary has the resources they need to protect us abroad and that our law en-forcement agencies have the resources they need to protect us here at home. This legislation makes sure that the U.S. Attorneys, DEA, ATF, U.S. Mar-shals Service, and the FBI are getting the money they need to make our com-munities safer by investigating and prosecuting more gun and immigration criminals, human traffickers, dealers in opioids and other dangerous drugs, international criminal organizations, and gangs. This bill will make this Na-tion safer and help secure our borders. This bill will also provide funds for over 100 additional immigration judge teams to speed up their removal of peo-ple who are in the country illegally. The bill provides new resources for State and local law enforcement, Mr. Speaker, including a $300 million in-crease in grants to help address the terrible opioid epidemic in this coun-try, and increases to help protect women against violence, protect our schools and ensure the safety of our children, relieve the backlog of sexual assault kits, fight human trafficking, and help compensate States for hous-ing illegal aliens in their prisons and jails. The American space program is the best on Earth, and this legislation en-sures it will continue to be the best on Earth, with funding for our human and planetary space program. In fact, the journal, Science, today reports that this legislation has given a major boost to science across the board. We have made sure the National Science Foun-dation preserves its competitive edge with a $300 million increase for re-search grants. These funds will foster innovation and U.S. economic competi-tive, including funding for research on advanced manufacturing, physics, mathematics, cybersecurity, and neu-roscience. Mr. Speaker, this bill deserves the support of all Members, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY , for her leadership, along with Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , for many months of working together in a bipartisan way. I certainly want to thank both of them for the hard work that they have done. I want to thank the appropriators, Democrats and Republicans, working together. Certainly, I want to thank the committee staff on both sides who have worked so hard to make sure we get this bill together. I know this is not a perfect bill. But, again, we got together, we negotiated, and this is the bill that we have got under the system, working together. This bill, first of all, funds our mili-tary’s and veterans’ needs. This bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.033 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2021 March 22, 2018 
provides over $21.2 billion for infra-structure projects across the Nation. This bill addresses the opioid epi-demic and also puts in increases for the Office of National Drug Control Policy and other programs to make sure that we fight the drug issues that we have. It adds extra money for the COPS program, which is important for our men and women in blue. It also adds 100 new immigration judges to address the issue of the backlog for the immi-gration cases that we have. It adds 10 percent of new moneys for Community Development Block Grant programs, which is, again, very impor-tant to all communities, urban and rural areas. It starts to address the issue of school safety and gun violence by pro-viding the funds for safety programs. It also includes the Fix NICS Act pro-gram, which is something that my friend, J
OHN CULBERSON , and Senator J
OHN CORNYN worked on for a long time. It provides $1.6 billion for community health centers to provide healthcare. It also provides money for Pell grants to make sure people are able to go to col-lege. I want to thank my good friends, T
OMCOLEand R OSADELAURO , for put-ting those dollars in for the Pell grants. It also provides technology for border security and ports of entry. Again, we want to make sure we provide a bal-anced approach for border security. Again, I know this bill is not perfect. If we are waiting for perfection, we are never going to get there. But, again, we were able to sit down, we were able to negotiate, and we were able to get a good bill that provides a lot of the basic services that we have. As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility. That responsibility is to make sure that our government stays open. I have always said that terrorists are not able to close our government, but somehow Congress finds a way to close our government. We are not going to do that. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this appropriations bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ), chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation. The Homeland Security division of this bill contains $47.7 billion to fund the Department of Homeland Security. This bill provides strong funding to help Americans recover when disaster hits; ensures the security of our air, land, and sea borders; and protects our local communities from outside threats. This bill provides more than 90 miles of barrier fencing, to include 33 miles of new fencing in the Rio Grande Val-ley. It includes $284 million for inspec-tion equipment to combat drug traf-ficking, to include $71 million to spe-cifically target opioid detection. It sus-tains ICE detention activities and pro-vides additional funding to hire more agents. It funds the vessels and aircraft our Coast Guard needs to protect our coastline. It also fully funds activities to combat cyber attacks. Mr. Speaker, this last year has been a tough year for Texans, who suffered from our most ruthless hurricane sea-son. I saw the devastation firsthand. This bill will go a long way to help those folks and their homes. This bill includes $7.9 billion for FEMA to continue to respond to this and future disasters, and $249 million for grants to prevent future storms from causing damage like this again. I would like to thank very much my colleague, Ms. LUCILLE ROYBAL - A
LLARD , the ranking member on my committee. She is a dream to work with, and we are great partners in this process. I would also like to thank the majority and minority staffs for their hard work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, as I conclude, I would like to take a moment to say farewell and thanks to a member of our Home-land Security Subcommittee team. Christopher Romig is leaving our committee at the end of April, after 30 years of service to our Nation. He spent 27 of those years in our great Army as a helicopter pilot. He brought his mili-tary background to our Homeland Se-curity Subcommittee team, and we benefited from his experience and sharp mind for the past 3 years. Now we wish him well on his next adven-ture. I also would like to take a minute to thank the FBI and the ATF for the great work they have done in the cen-tral Texas area for the person we call the Austin bomber. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the 2018 Con-solidated Appropriations Act. This agreement continues the sub-committee’s critical work addressing wildland fire, domestic energy produc-tion, and the needs of our national parks. It makes significant invest-ments in healthcare, law enforcement, and educational programs, honoring our longstanding commitments to American Indians and Alaska Natives. The agreement includes a package of significant forest management and fire budgeting reforms that will provide budget certainty for Forest Service programs and activities, reduce litiga-tion, and, most importantly, improve the health of our national forests. This is the culmination of a years-long ef-fort to improve the way we budget for wildland fires and the way our national forests are managed. I want to con-gratulate M
IKESIMPSON for his leader-ship on the issue. This agreement provides additional moneys to the National Park Service, including an increase of $185 million to address deferred maintenance and con-struction needs. The Payments in Lieu of Taxes program is fully funded. This legislation makes sizeable in-vestments in water infrastructure, pro-viding $2.9 billion through the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Re-volving Loan Funds, as well as $63 mil-lion for the WIFIA program, which will finance over $6 billion in infrastructure programs. Before I close, I want to thank the ranking member, BETTY MCCOLLUM  from Minnesota. She has been a part-ner and a friend as we worked through our hearings, wrote the bill, and moved it through the legislative process. I want to thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN for his support of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, and for his leadership of the full committee. Congratulations to the chairman for bringing this bill and this process to a successful conclu-sion. Finally, I would like to thank the staff, who worked so hard on this bill: Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jackie Kilroy, Kristin Richmond, Dave LesStrang. On my own staff: Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Tricia Evans, and Dave Kennett. I also want to thank the leadership staff, especially Kiel Weaver from the Speaker’s office, for their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, not a sin-gle person has read this bill. It was filed at 8 o’clock last night. If we had put this on the floor, not a single one of those on the other side of the aisle would have voted for it. Not one. They have demagogued for years about reading the bills. This doesn’t come close to their 3-day layover rule. Not close. It is being rushed through because some have fundraisers, per-haps, this weekend, or have flights or codels they want to go on. We have wasted 6 months in passing the appro-priations bills, which, supposedly, should have been passed by September 30 of last year. No one can be proud of this process. The Speaker said, when we set the caps, that he would bring a bill to the floor. He promised the 73 of us that made it possible to set these caps—be-cause you don’t have the votes on your side—that he would bring to this floor a fix for the Dreamers who are at risk of being kicked out of the country. I know there is a case, but it is short- term, not permanent. The Speaker did not keep that promise. It has not been on the floor. What we now have on the floor is an appropriations bill. I think most of us know what is in this appropriations bill. These are earmarks. You don’t call them earmarks. You call them au-thorizing language. They are bills that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.035 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2022 March 22, 2018 
nobody in the Appropriations Com-mittee has read. If you have, stand up and correct me. As I said, nobody has read that either. This is report language. Come to the well if you have read this language. b1200 None of you—none of you—would support this process if we had offered it. Now, the good news is that what the Appropriations Committee has done is quality work; and I congratulate Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , the sub-committee chairs, and the ranking members. It is worthy of support. But I am waiting for all the Tea Party people who harangued me and others on my side about reading the bills, giving us sufficient time to consider them. The Speaker of the House said, when he be-came Speaker: We will take issues one at a time. Is there no shame? Is there no realization of the hypoc-risy that is being displayed? Mr. Speaker, the product is a good one. And I say that about the appro-priations bill. I have no idea what all the report language says. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Maryland an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Speaker, and I thank Mrs. L
OWEY . Mr. Speaker, we brought this country from the brink of depression to a grow-ing, robust economy with a stock mar-ket that has almost tripled by passing the National Recovery and Reinvest-ment Act. Not a single Republican voted for that, Mr. Speaker. Not one. I wonder how many will vote for this bill after they have said time after time, after time, after time: Read the bill; have 3 days’ layover. Actually, your 3-day rule is a 24- hour-and-2-second rule: the last second of the first day, 24 hours of the second day, and the first second of the third day. You put everybody in a quandary because this is a good product that the Appropriations Committee has deliv-ered. It does good things for our coun-try, both in terms of national security and in terms of domestic investment. What a sad state of affairs. How dys-functional this body has become. How marginalized has the Appropriations Committee, on which I was so proud to serve, has become. Rushing it through in just a matter of minutes. It is a sad day, Mr. Speaker. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices, Education, Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the chairman, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I have a formal state-ment I will include in the R
ECORD , but I want to begin by praising Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN ; Ranking Member N ITA LOWEY ; the staff; my negotiating coun-terpart and wonderful ranking mem-ber, Ms. D
ELAURO . It has been a col-laborative effort, and it is one that you can be extraordinarily proud of in terms of having gotten all our bills done on time and presented and across this floor, having worked on a pretty short time frame when the Senate fi-nally came to the ability to negotiate. We were waiting about 180 days for that. They finally got there. And in 4 weeks, you got the work done. It is an exceptional product. From a Republican standpoint, the big win is defense. We all want to de-fend the country, but that was prob-ably the top Republican priority in the bill, and we more than met our obliga-tion in that respect. I want to focus, in the little time I have left, on some things I am particu-larly proud of in the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies portion of this legisla-tion: $3 billion increase in the National In-stitutes of Health. That is the largest increase in 20 years. $3 billion for opioids, a common prob-lem in all our districts, something that we all care about. $3 billion, roughly, in round numbers, for early childhood education and early childhood care. Again, dollars well spent. Major increase in mental health funding, actually beginning to match appropriations with some of the au-thorization done in the 21st Century Cures, one of the great achievements of the last Congress. Tremendous increase in money for school safety grants, from $400 million to $1.1 billion. The Pell increase, which has been re-ferred to by several people. More money for career and technical education, more money for apprentice-ships. All things that will create a more productive economy. We can go on and on. But the reality is, in a very difficult time, in a very partisan era, we will have Members from both sides of the aisle passing an important piece of legislation and the administration, which has urged its passing, doing the same. I urge the pas-sage. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank our distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Committee for yielding this time, but, more impor-tantly, for exceptional leadership. To her and to the other members of the committee, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , I thank them for their leadership as well. And to the chairs and ranking members of the subcommittee, all the members of the Appropriations Com-mittee, Mr. H
OYER and I and Mr. C LY-
BURN are from the culture of the Ap-propriations Committee, and we know that, left to your own devices, the ap-propriators can get the job done. It is not until the leadership rains its poison pills on the process that the delay sets in. And I want to thank Con-gresswoman Ranking Member LOWEY  for ridding this bill of so many of those poison pills. Mr. H
OYER very eloquently presented the situation as we see it now that the Republicans have this bill. They didn’t even have three days. It was last night to today, and here we are on the floor with a yard—a yard—of bill. And he said they are rushing because people have codels, trips, fundraisers, and this and that. I contend there may be another rea-son why they are rushing it through. First of all, they don’t want anybody to know what is in the bill, because this is a tremendous victory for the American people in terms of what Mrs. L
OWEY was able to negotiate, in a bi-partisan way, on the domestic side. We all take an oath to protect and defend our country, so the defense invest-ments are important to our Nation; but one-third of the domestic budget is se-curity: homeland security, veterans af-fairs, State Department, antiterrorism activities of the Justice Department, and the list goes on. But it is also a fact that we can measure the strength of our country not only in the important military might and security measures but also in the health, education, and well- being of the American people; and this bill goes to a place for that. So yes, a yard of bill, certainly not read or read to the Members. But I con-tend, in addition to Mr. H
OYER ’s list of why they are rushing this to the end instead of having this negotiation take place much earlier, it is because they really don’t want the Members to see what is in this bill, A; and, B, because they really want to get out of town be-fore the March for Our Lives, before the young people come from all over the country to ask Congress to give us responsible, commonsense gun violence prevention legislation. That is what I heard about the Republicans: they just don’t want to be around when these young people come to town. So here we are. We could have had this happen weeks ago and had a much more transparent way to deal with it. But having said that, we are here, and I think it is very important to set the record straight on some of the conten-tions that the Republicans are making about this bill. Let me start with the President of the United States. He has said, in one of his tweets this morning, how happy he was because he got the $1.6 billion to start the wall and more to come. That is not completely true, Mr. Presi-dent. There are some resources for fencing and repairs and the rest there, but some of that money is for tech-nology and other ways to protect our borders. We all have a responsibility to protect our borders, north and south. But if you want to think that you are getting a wall, you just think it and sign the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.037 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2023 March 22, 2018 
In addition, he said he is so pleased that he got this big increase in defense. We did not oppose that. We want to have our men and women in uniform have everything they need to keep our country safe and themselves safe. But the President went on to say it is too bad he had to waste money on the Democratic giveaways. On the Demo-cratic giveaways. ‘‘Democratic giveaway’’ is the way the President characterizes funding for our heroic veterans facing a dire short-fall at the VA. We say on the battle-field, no soldier is left behind. When they come home, no veteran is left be-hind. And that was part of the fight that we had in the caps fight, that we wanted additional money for our vet-erans. What about fighting the opioid epi-demic? Is that wasteful, a giveaway, fighting the opioid epidemic, in your districts? There isn’t a person who serves in this Congress who doesn’t have need in their districts for this opioid funding. And that was a major part of our fight on the caps, to get the funding to fight opioids; but the Presi-dent calls that a waste, a Democratic giveaway. Is that what he would call—he prob-ably would call protecting the integ-rity of American elections from Rus-sian meddling and attack Democratic giveaways, protecting our democracy, our electoral system, our Constitution that we take an oath of office to pro-tect and defend. And how about for hardworking par-ents who struggle to succeed and afford quality childcare, a very important part of this legislation. Democratic giveaway? No. Family values. Sup-porting our families. The list goes on and on. And by the way, by the foot. By the foot. Mr. H
OYER referenced a statement made by the Speaker on the floor of the House when we had the caps fight, which, by the way, was a glorious vic-tory for our values as a country, that we could say, yes, we want to increase funding for our national security, and, in doing that, we need to have a com-mensurate increase in funding for our domestic agenda, as I said, which con-tains many security measures. But when that bill was brought to the floor, the Speaker came to the floor, and he made a statement, right here in the well. Well, Steny quoted what he said in the well, but in another venue he said: In order to shift our focus and get on to the next big pri-ority, which is a DACA solution, we have got to get this budget agreement done. That was the caps bill. And I will say it once, Mr. Speaker said, and I will say it again, we will bring a DACA solution to the floor. Yes. And when will that be? Now, you will hear rumors of them saying: Oh, we offered this and we of-fered that. They did not offer anything that added to the protection of our Dreamers and our DACA-qualified chil-dren. So I want the RECORD to show the facts are these: We proposed, over and over again, a real fix that we should have in this bill because it is timely. And if you are dealing with a yard of issues and provisions, you certainly can have room for protecting our Dreamers. And that is just an indica-tion. Now, to lead is to take risks. The Speaker does not seem willing to take a risk with his caucus to bring a bill to the floor, any bill you want, in terms of including some bipartisan bills. Mr. H
URD and Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , any other bill you want. Make it clean at the Hill. Let everyone have his or her say. Let Congress work its will. Why? Why not? And why, in light of this statement, ‘‘And I’ll say it once, and I’ll say it again, we will bring a DACA solution to the floor’’? When might that be? When might that be? So again, while we address so many provisions in this bill, wasn’t there room in the hearts and minds of our Republican colleagues to insist? Be-cause I know many of you care about our Dreamers, have publicly offered your support. Why can’t you convince the Speaker to bring what he said, ‘‘We will bring a DACA solution to the floor’’? So again, I go back to the caps agree-ment. It was a great victory for us in the appropriations world as to what priorities need to be addressed. As we always say, the budget should be a statement of our national values; what is important to us as a nation should be reflected in how we allocate our re-sources to invest in the security of our country, the well-being of our people, the future of our children, and to do so in a way that commands respect, that is bipartisan, that is done in an open and transparent way, and brings unity. b1215 Our Founders, who were so brilliant in so many ways, were taking 8 hours to even start to talk about how bril-liant they were. But they did give us instruction. They gave us a signal: E Pluribus Unum—from many, one; from many, one. They couldn’t possibly have imag-ined how many we would be or how dif-ferent we would be, but they knew we had to be one. And these children, and everyone in our country, these Dreamers are part of that one, and they are part of that many, and let us treat our country by honoring the vows of our Founders. So I leave it up to Members as to whether they want to vote, weigh the equities in this bill and take the vote and respect whatever decision they make. But I am so glad that we had such an overwhelming vote on our side against a rule that undermines the reg-ular order of the House, undermines the Speaker’s own statements about that regular order. Why? In an attempt to keep from all of you how much investment in the future is in this bill and also to get you out of town before the March for Our Lives begins. That is why I think we are doing this so rushed. I don’t know why it has been pushed to the end except for dysfunction on the part of the Repub-lican leadership, whatever, if it’s called communication with the White House. But I will say this: This is five CRs. Are you proud of that? Five CRs. Take us to the floor with a yard-high bill, no transparency. But it does have some bi-partisanship, and for that I salute Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Mrs. L OWEY and respect whatever decisions our Mem-bers make on this. This is a missed op-portunity to show the American people that, even when we are on the right course, we can’t seem to get there in a transparent way. I say, Mr. President, when you sign this bill, you will be signing some-thing—in spite of what you say about spending on wasteful Democratic fund-ing, I don’t really think you mean that about opioids and the rest. Set the record straight for yourself and out of respect for the people who are pinning their hopes on what this legislation will do for them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived audience or to other Members. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- B
ALART ), chairman of the Sub-committee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, today we will vote on a bill that re-builds our military. It supports our troops and protects the American peo-ple. Major credit for this great achieve-ment goes to the man that I am so proud to call my chairman, R
ODNEY  F
RELINGHUYSEN . Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN has been a public servant since the days that he served in Vietnam as an enlisted soldier, and that service continues to this day with this bill, which includes the most significant support for our women and men in uni-form since the beginning of the war on terrorism. Let me tell you two other things that are in this bill for the American people due to the chairman’s leadership. The bill includes over $10 billion in new transportation and housing infra-structure, without adding to the Fed-eral bureaucracy. The chairman fought for major funding for key areas of our economy, yes, including the Northeast. This is a major investment in our Na-tion’s infrastructure. Both Congress and the administra-tion, as you know, have been talking about this for such a long time. Well, here you have it in this bill. This bill delivers on that promise of infrastruc-ture. Finally, the chairman has been a tireless advocate for two decades for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.039 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2024 March 22, 2018 
housing for the disabled in our coun-try. This bill delivers a major humani-tarian victory for the disabled commu-nity, with 40,000 new vouchers for the disabled. These Frelinghuysen vouch-ers will change the lives of countless families across our entire Nation, and I am particularly proud of this achieve-ment by our chairman and his com-mittee. Finally, I would like to thank the Speaker of the House for standing up and winning on some huge priorities for the House. And I would be remiss if I did not mention the staff of the Appropriations Committee, who worked long and hard—yes, very long and hard—on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this fine bill. I thank the chairman for the time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman from New York. I can’t thank her enough as I watched her, every day, work without ending, thank her so very much. And to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , let me thank him as well for his service. But I am very grateful to Democrats who crafted the very funding structure that we are dealing with. And even though it was hidden with Republicans, this gigantic box that is almost bro-ken, I think it is important to note that a lot of good work has taken place, and I want to just cite the good work. I am delighted that we are helping our veterans, and Democrats added an additional amount of money, some $2 billion, to address the VA hospitals. Democrats were concerned about stu-dent loans, and the bill increases it by $350 million. Childcare has been in-creased. Houston metro will be de-lighted with the New Starts money that is in it; and, yes, my mayor will be excited, and other mayors, about an accurate Census count. For those of us with Hurricane Harvey, the National Flood Insurance Program extension is important. Yet I am disappointed. The work we did on STOP School Violence did not include the civil rights protections for those who need it, and it did not in-clude DACA, with all of these young people who are in need. And, finally, we could not get the special counsel lan-guage, my bill, H.R. 3648, that would stop the President from firing the spe-cial counsel and stop him from firing the Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General. For those reasons, I have great con-cerns for this bill and will not be able to vote for the bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT), chairman of the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased and, I must say, relieved to describe for my colleagues the good news in the Military Construction/VA division in the omnibus. At times, it seemed like we might not ever get here. I regret that our servicemembers and veterans have had to wait almost 6 months for us to com-plete our jobs, but I think our final bill is worth the wait. I want to certainly congratulate our chairman, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , for his incredible patience and deft negoti-ating skill to bring us to this point. I also want to thank Mrs. L
OWEY and my comrade-in-arms Ranking Member D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ for her rock-solid support and keen analytic eye during this process. Thanks to the budget caps agree-ment, we are able to provide long over-due support to our military and their family members with a $2.4 billion, or 31 percent, increase, for a total of $10.1 billion for military construction. With that funding we are able to provide $708 million for 12 medical facilities, $249 million for DOD schools, and $8.2 bil-lion for military construction projects in the United States. Our Members will appreciate that we were able to provide $585 million in un-funded requirements requested by the services, as well as significant in-creases in planning and design for Ac-tive and Reserve construction and un-specified minor construction. The bill also includes $750 million in OCO fund-ing, more than doubling the 2017 level. Our bill fulfills Congress’ commit-ment to our Nation’s veterans, with total discretionary funding of $81.5 bil-lion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, a $7.1 billion, or 9.5 percent, in-crease over 2017. These funds provide important medical services to veterans as well as disability compensation, post-9/11 education benefits, and a host of insurance and lending programs. Of note, we are able to provide $782 million for the new electronic health record contract, the same record as DOD’s, which will allow the exchange of veterans’ health records with DOD and community providers. In addition and consistent with the budget caps agreement, our bill pro-vides $2 billion in medical infrastruc-ture assistance—nonrecurring mainte-nance, minor construction, and grants for State veterans retirement homes. The $2 billion gives us the rare oppor-tunity to completely eliminate the backlog of approved State home appli-cations. I’m also pleased that we have the resources to make an important down payment on the Southern Expansion of Arlington National Cemetery, extending the Cemetery’s capacity to 2050. I urge an ‘aye’ vote on the package. Help us do right by our servicemembers and veterans and their families who have given us so much. Support the bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member, for yielding me this precious minute. I want to augment my remarks of earlier this afternoon and thank Jaime Shimek of our own staff who worked so very, very hard on the Energy and Water Subcommittee, allowing this bill to move to the floor. And then I feel compelled to rise to thank our chairman of the full com-mittee, Congressman R
ODNEY FRELING -
HUYSEN , with whom I have had the op-portunity to work now for many dec-ades and to say to him he is an exem-plary model of public service to the people of our country, a true patriot, and someone who devoted so many hours to moving a bill to the floor that could achieve bipartisan consensus in a very loaded political environment. I shall never forget, at the beginning of the Iraq war, our trip to the Middle East, to many of the countries in-volved, the manner in which he com-ported himself, the great counsel he gave to so many of us as a military man himself, and the great leadership that he has provided as chair of our De-fense Subcommittee at one point and now of the full committee. The people of New Jersey can truly celebrate his service to our Nation as we move this bill to a final vote later today. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his work and leader-ship on this bill, and I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for her good steward-ship. This is the culmination of efforts over the last year, hundreds of meet-ings, oversight hearings. We have a strong final product, and we are proud of what we have accomplished. In my committee’s Legislative Branch bill, we focused on conservative priorities such as security, responsi-bility, and transparency. This legisla-tion, once again, rejects pay increases for Members of Congress, which we have done every year since 2010; and further, the funding of the House of Representatives remains 12 percent below 2010, spending less than we spent 8 years ago. After the vicious attack on S
TEVE  S
CALISE and other Members of this body, we have enhanced Capital secu-rity with new support for Members, staff, constituents, and visitors, with enhancements for Capitol Police and the Sergeant at Arms. We have expanded Wounded Warrior fellowships, creating an additional 31 spots, and we have added support for family issues like the House Child Care Center and additional support for the Library of Congress Visitor Experience, which is an exciting new product. Lastly, in a strike for transparency, for the first time, all Congressional Re-search Service reports will be open to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.040 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2025 March 22, 2018 
the public, making government more transparent and a win for our constitu-ents. I want to thank my ranking member, Mr. R
YAN, who is a gentleman and a scholar, and the collaboration of all the committee members and staff for putting this product together. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the Speaker of the House of Representatives. b1230 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking the chair-man and the ranking member. I also want to thank their staffs for putting in incredibly long hours. This isn’t just a weeklong process. This has been months long in the making. So I want to thank all the Members and staff who made this moment possible. Mr. Speaker, this measure before us is about as critical as it gets; it really is. It addresses the priorities that we have been discussing in this Chamber for a long time. We talked about the need to rebuild our military. We all agree on the need to rebuild our military. This bill pro-vides the largest increase in defense spending in 15 years. Why? Frankly because our military has been hollowed out for many years. We are boosting resources for train-ing, for equipment, for maintenance, for base operations. It means new naval ships, new fighters, new Apache and Black Hawk helicopters. It means we are finally building a 21st century fighting force. We agree on the need to support our servicemembers and our veterans. This funds the biggest pay raise for our military in 8 years. We have men and women who are fighting for us day in, year in, year out. I saw a woman, a lieutenant colo-nel, a week ago in the Army, who has done seven combat tours. This is what the people who are volunteering in our armed services are doing for us, and we are finally making right by them by helping them with a pay raise. It provides record funding for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to make sure that our veterans receive better care at better facilities. Remember those long waiting lists? No more. This works on that. We agree on the urgent need to make our schools safer. This bill includes the Fix NICS bill to improve firearm and background checks. It includes the Stop School Violence Act, which this House passed just last week, I think, 407–10, if I am not mistaken. It provides funding for early intervention, mental health, school security programs. Both are provisions that the Parkland fami-lies asked Congress to include in this legislation. It is part of the Sandy Hook Promise. We agree on the need to fight the opioid epidemic that is ravaging com-munities across this country. Every single Member in this House has a firsthand story on what the opioid cri-sis is doing to their communities. We have got to get on top of this problem. This bill makes critical investments in treatment and in prevention to fight this scourge of addiction that is rav-aging our country. We agree on the need to secure our homeland. This bill expands resources for law enforcement, for border secu-rity, for immigration enforcement. It provides resources for 95 miles of phys-ical barriers along our southwest bor-der, which actually exceeds the admin-istration’s request. We agree on the need to rebuild our Nation’s infrastructure. It includes funding for long overdue improvements to our highways, our railroads, our air-ports, our infrastructure. And guess what. There are no earmarks for specific projects in this bill. The House has worked to reform our forestry laws for years. You see on the news these horrible forest fires that are getting more severe by the year, and it is because we have not been able to manage our forests. This finally has the legislation we need to help manage our forests so we can help protect the West from these catastrophic forest fires. The House passed the Taylor Force Act to restrict assistance to the Pales-tinian Authority unless it stops sub-sidizing terrorism. This bill imple-ments that legislation. The PA is lit-erally making payments to the fami-lies of suicide bombers. It is like a bonus for terrorism. That bill is in here. All of these things are important. They are critical things that we have all been talking about. What brings me here to ask all of my colleagues for a ‘‘yes’’ vote is this: What this ultimately is about is giving our military the tools and the re-sources it needs to do its job. This week, the House paused to honor two naval aviators who died in a training crash off of Key West, the two F–18 pilots. We paused to honor seven servicemembers lost in a helicopter crash in western Iraq last week. That is nine of our servicemembers lost in equipment failures and accidents last week. We continue to lose more American personnel to training accidents and in-cidents than we do to enemy fire. That is unacceptable, and it is preventable. Mr. Speaker, we should not wait one more day, not one more hour to go by without giving our men and women in uniform what they have earned and what they deserve. Give them the pay raise that they earned. Give them the equipment and the hours of training that they need to be safe. They are put-ting their lives on the line for us. Let’s make sure they put their lives on the line for us with the proper amount of training, with the proper amount of equipment, so that we can keep our country and our people safe. Vote ‘‘yes’’ for our military. Vote ‘‘yes’’ for the safety and the security of this country. Vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t the bill I would have written, but I am very proud that it provides $117 billion more than President Trump requested in nondefense investments to grow the economy, create jobs, and help Amer-ican families. Again, I would like to thank our dis-tinguished chair, Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN , and the entire committee for its tireless work forging this bipartisan package. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Let me share my appreciation for my working relationship with Mrs. L
OWEY . I thank, again, our very professional staff that is in the room here for all their hard work. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, which supports our Armed Forces and members of their family. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of the FY2018 Agreement that will fund our government for the remainder of the fiscal year. The agreement is consistent with the di-rection given by House Republican Leadership under the bipartisan budget deal. Funding increases within the Labor HHS portion of the agreement, for which I am re-sponsible, are targeted toward key conserv-ative priorities that all Republicans can sup-port: Enhancing biomedical research, Increasing our Nation’s biodefense capabili-ties, Helping states and local governments com-bat the opioid crisis, Giving local schools flexible funds to re-spond to school safety and other locally-gen-erated needs, And helping young adults and displaced workers train for and secure new jobs in fields that will grow our economy. At the same time, the bill holds down spending for controversial items, such as puni-tive labor enforcement agencies, family plan-ning funds, and Washington bureaucracy. I’m proud to say the agreement continues all existing pro-life provisions, including the Hyde amendment prohibiting federal funding from being used for abortions, the Dickey- Wicker amendment prohibiting stem cell re-search on human embryos, and the Weldon amendment providing conscience protection for doctors, nurses and others who do not wish to participate in abortions. Additionally, the agreement rejects language pushed by Democrats which would have tied the hands of the Trump Administration and forced the Administration to continue funding for Planned Parenthood and other controver-sial family planning grantees. The Trump Ad-ministration has already announced termi-nation of these grants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.042 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2026 March 22, 2018 
The bill includes $37 billion for the National Institutes of Health (NIH), a $3 billion increase over FY17, which will continue progress to-ward finding cures for cancer, Alzheimer’s dis-ease and other life-shortening conditions. The agreement includes a billion in in-creased funding for biodefense activities to protect Americans from threats, both man- made and naturally-occurring, and includes an increase of $3 billion for states, tribes, local governments, nonprofits and faith-based groups to help prevent, treat and stop the opioid epidemic that is damaging our country. The agreement maintains a longstanding provision prohibiting funds from being used to support gun control and does not include any dedicated funds to support gun control re-search. The agreement increases funding for train-ing in high-growth job fields, including nursing, dentistry, primary health care and mental health. The agreement targets programs to-ward veterans, young adults and displaced workers struggling to enter new career fields, including increasing apprenticeship programs by $50 million. The agreement increases funding for child care vouchers and early head start programs to enable these workers to find high quality care for their children that will allow them to enter or return to the workforce. The agreement includes additional funds for adoption incentives, meals on wheels, family caregivers support, and independent living centers so that adults with disabilities can re-main employed and in their own homes. The agreement includes flexible funding for mental health programs designed by local governments and schools that will enable them to find creative solutions to increase school safety, including a $700 million in-crease, up to $1.1 billion, for a newly-author-ized student support and academic enrichment grant program. This fund can also be used by schools for other locally-determined needs, such as teacher training, computer program-ming courses, or arts programs. The agreement includes an increase of $75 million for career and technical education pro-grams to help young people enter careers in fields that do not require a four year college degree. The agreement also increases the maximum Pell grant by $175, to a total of $6,095, ena-bling college students and others returning for a degree greater choices in a higher education program that will meet their needs. The agree-ment also includes targeted increases for first- generation students to enter and succeed in college, growing our economy and breaking the cycle of government dependency. Mr. Speaker, this agreement targets the funding increases approved by House Repub-lican Leadership toward conservative priorities that will protect all Americans and enhance our Nation’s health and economic prosperity. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, the House Amend-ment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625, showing the text of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2018, before the House for de-bate today includes tax provisions, including technical corrections to tax legislation enacted prior to 2017. These tax technical corrections are important to provide clarity to taxpayers and to the administration of the law. As Ways and Means Committee Chairman and Ranking Member, K
EVIN BRADY and I asked the staff of the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation to make available to the public a technical ex-planation of the tax provisions of this legisla-tion. The technical explanation expresses the Committee’s understanding and legislative in-tent behind the tax provisions of this legisla-tion. It is available on the Joint Committee’s website at www.jct.gov. It is document JCX– 6–18, Technical Explanation of the Revenue Provisions of the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625 (Rules Com-mittee Print 115–66). Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625, showing the text of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2018, before the House for debate today includes tax provi-sions, including technical corrections to tax legislation enacted prior to 2017. These tax technical corrections are important to provide clarity to taxpayers and to the administration of the law. As Ways and Means Committee Chairman and Ranking Member, I and RICH-
ARD NEALasked the staff of the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation to make avail-able to the public a technical explanation of the tax provisions of this legislation. The tech-nical explanation expresses the Committee’s understanding and legislative intent behind the tax provisions of this legislation. It is available on the Joint Committee’s website at www.jct.gov. It is document JCX–6–18, Tech-nical Explanation of the Revenue Provisions of the House Amendment to the Senate Amend-ment to H.R. 1625 (Rules Committee Print 115–66). Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1625, the ‘‘Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2018,’’ which begins to rebuild our military. I do not agree with ev-erything in the bill, but the importance of re-pairing our planes, ships, and training over-rides other concerns. For too long, Washington has asked our troops to do more with less, sending them into harm’s way without the training and equipment they need to defend themselves and the coun-try. We have added mission after mission while we cut their funding again and again. Those decisions have brought consequences; experts say our troops are ‘outranged, outgunned, and outdated,’ ‘treading water,’ and that we are ‘stretching the force to the limit.’ Secretary Mattis is warning that ‘our competitive edge has eroded in every domain of warfare.’ We suffered four times as many deaths to accidents and training missions last year than we did to hostile fire. President Trump is right to insist on rebuilding our mili-tary, and this bill begins to do just that. A healthy economy and a robust military are mutually dependent. A vibrant and innovative economy funds our national defense and en-sures that our technology stays ahead of our adversaries. A strong military protects the rules-based international order that has been the foundation of our economic growth since WWII. Unfortunately for too many years now, funding essential to a robust defense and a healthy economy has remained at an impasse based on political gamesmanship in which members of both parties share blame. Our troops have become collateral damage in this dangerous game of politics, consistently being held hostage to the political issue of the mo-ment. That is a shameful practice that has to end. Congress’ work does not end when we write a check. In the months ahead, we will ensure that the military uses these funds to begin to rebuild quickly and efficiently. We will pursue reforms to the Department of Defense that preserve and enhance our fighting edge. We will continue to take a hard look at Pentagon bureaucracy as we prioritize rebuilding strength on the front line and cutting fat in the back office. Beyond the benefits this bill affords to our military, I also want to thank Chairman CAL-
VERT and Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN for their work to help address another issue that has affected my constituents and has been lin-gering for nearly a century. The federal government owns a small strip of land along a 116-mile stretch of the Red River between Oklahoma and Texas. The Bu-reau of Land Management (BLM) has never actively managed the small strip of federal land, and its own estimates of how much they own have varied widely over the years. As a result, private landowners along the River have been unsure whether the land that they have held titles to and have paid taxes on, in some cases for generations, will remain in their families or be claimed by the federal gov-ernment. Earlier this year, the BLM reached a settle-ment agreement with several landowners along the Red River that rescinds the incorrect spot surveys the BLM had conducted over the last decade. It also reaffirms that the gradient boundary survey method as mandated by the Supreme Court is the only true, legally defen-sible way to determine the ownership bound-ary in this contested area. However, the settlement did not require that a gradient boundary survey be conducted, which leaves a level of uncertainty that can cloud the titles and threaten the value of pri-vately owned land along the river. It also leaves open the possibility that a future admin-istration may again misinterpret the Supreme Court’s mandated survey methodology. An ac-curate gradient boundary survey along the en-tire 116-mile stretch of the Red River is the best, legally defensible way to move this issue forward to help settle it once and for all— something this bill helps to achieve. With the passage of H.R. 428, the ‘‘Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act,’’ earlier this Congress, this body has affirmed its will for the BLM to work with the states of Okla-homa and Texas and consult the affected In-dian tribes to help choose and direct sur-veyors that are licensed and qualified to con-duct official gradient boundary surveys. With the gradient boundary survey method being unique to this area, having the states conduct the survey is an idea that first came from the BLM itself. Doing so will help ensure that all parties involved will receive a fair and accu-rate survey. I look forward to continuing working with Senator C
ORNYN and the BLM to ensure that this century-old issue can finally be put to rest. Private property rights are a foundational cor-nerstone of our economy and of our way of life, and it is important that we push to protect them in every way that we can. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Omnibus Appro-priations Act of 2018. While no bill of this size is ever truly perfect, the legislation contains a number of provisions that support important programs that Americans rely on. The bill invests in critical priorities like child care; transportation and infrastructure; medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.013 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2027 March 22, 2018 
research; opioid abuse; veterans’ health insur-ance and much more. Community Health Cen-ters, which provide essential help all through-out my district will receive an extra $135 mil-lion increase over last year’s total to expand addiction prevention and treatment services. Also, children’s providers will get a boost in their reimbursement rates under the Child Care and Development Block Grant. Pro-tecting the health of our children should be one of our first priorities as Members of Con-gress and I am glad to sec this bill do so. That National Institute of Health will also re-ceive a $3 billion boost in funding, allowing new research that could lead to cures for ail-ments and disease that have gone untreat-able. The bill also includes $500 million to drive the development of alternative pain med-icine, so that people may choose a pain man-agement treatment that does not involve the risk of opioids. While I am disappointed that this bill does not address DACA recipients, I will continue to push my colleagues to come together to ad-dress this pressing issue. President Trump’s campaign promise to deport 2 to 3 million peo-ple is contrary to the values that make this country great. Not only will his empty promise separate families, but it’ll negatively affect the future of our economic stability. Our country depends on the hard working young men and women who are pursuing their dreams to be-come doctors, engineers and members of the Armed Forces. We are stronger as a nation when we embrace immigrants and their con-tributions to our communities and shouldn’t vilify them. I am also pleased to see that the bill does not include any funding for construction of new sections of a border wall. Texas has seven hundred miles of border with Mexico and trade with Mexico drives much of our economy in the region. While border security is essential, and this bill addresses that with money for re-furbishment of existing structures and fencing, the President’s proposal would simply amount to a large waste of money. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 796, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Motions to suspend the rules with re-gard to H.R. 4467 and H.R. 5089; And agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 256, nays 167, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 127] YEAS—256 
Adams Aderholt Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pittenger Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rutherford Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sarbanes Scalise Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) NAYS—167 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amash Babin Barraga´n Barton Bass Bergman Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Capuano Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Coffman Cohen Comer Correa Crowley Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson DeGette Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Espaillat Farenthold Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Graves (LA) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Harris Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kind King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Lee Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Mast Matsui McClintock McGovern McNerney Meadows Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Pallone Palmer Panetta Pearce Perry Peterson Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Russell Sa´nchez Sanford Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Jones Pingree Walz 
b1259 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. FLORES changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING AVIATION SECURITY ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4467) to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk- based strategies, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 408, nays 0, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 128] YEAS—408 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2028 March 22, 2018 
Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—21 
Adams Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bridenstine Collins (GA) Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Espaillat Gutie´rrez Jones Lipinski Murphy (FL) O’Rourke Palazzo Pelosi Pingree Ross Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1305 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 796, the resolution providing for consideration of the fiscal year 2019 Consolidated Appropriations Act (Rollcall No. 124), I would have voted ‘‘no’’. Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Se-curity Act of 2017 (Rollcall No. 128), I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. 
f 
STRENGTHENING LOCAL TRANS-PORTATION SECURITY CAPABILI-TIES ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5089) to improve threat infor-mation sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 397, nays 1, not voting 31, as follows: [Roll No. 129] YEAS—397 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00272 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.019 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2029 March 22, 2018 
Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—31 
Adams Bridenstine Collins (GA) Comstock Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Demings Espaillat Higgins (LA) Jones Massie McHenry McMorris Rodgers Murphy (FL) O’Rourke Palazzo Pelosi Pingree Poe (TX) Polis Raskin Rice (NY) Ross Rouzer Shuster Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1313 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 129. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amend-ment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: H.R. 4851. An act to establish the Kennedy- King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE AUSTIN BOMBER (Mr. M
CCAUL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, over this last month, my hometown of Austin, Texas, was terrorized by a serial bomb-er, a serial killer. Mr. Speaker, fortu-nately, this nightmare that my home-town of Austin has lived through has come to an end, and now is the time to heal the wounds for the victims and their families. I want to thank the 500 Federal agents who descended upon my home-town of Austin for their great work and magnificent job working with my Texas Department of Public Safety and my Austin Police Department—many of whom I have worked with when I was in the U.S. Attorney’s Office down there—for their incredible work bring-ing this killer to his final justice. Mr. Speaker, I now ask for a moment of silence for the victims and their families of this horrible tragedy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All Members and guests in the gallery will please rise and join us for a moment of silence. 
f 
PROTECTING SOUTHWEST WASHINGTON COMMUTERS (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, since the first time I heard about Oregon’s scheme to impose tolls on the I–205 and I–5 bridges at the State line with Washington without pro-viding any benefit to my constituents, I have fought to protect southwest Washington commuters. This is nothing but a money grab by Oregon to improve its infrastructure projects that would rarely, if ever, be used by the vast majority of the folks paying the tolls, those from southwest Washington. This was certainly a creative and po-litically expedient funding source dreamed up by Oregon, but it is a raw deal for hardworking Washingtonians whose jobs happen to be located across the river. This does nothing to fix the I–5 bridge. In fact, it actually makes that task harder. That is why I secured an amendment in this Chamber to prohibit these tolls until Oregon goes back to the drawing board and comes up with a plan that doesn’t use Washingtonians as a piggy bank. However, through the negotia-tions of the omnibus spending package, my amendment lacked support from the United States Senate. Without that support, my amendment to protect southwest Washington commuters did not move forward. It is a disappointment, but I am not going to give up on this issue. In fact, it is critical that Oregon come to a so-lution with Washington that benefits both sides of the river without unfairly targeting just one side. Until we get that result, Mr. Speaker, I am not done fighting on this issue. f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES TO SKY AND SAGE (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to say happy birthday to my daughters, Sky and Sage. There is no greater love than the love I have for my twin girls, Sky and Sage, and for my wife, Monica. There is no greater role or responsi-bility I have than to be their father and Monica’s husband. There is no greater title more honorable and more meaningful in my life than the title of father and husband. There is no greater joy than to hear my girls sing with happiness, play with vigor, and laugh with gusto. There is no greater medicine for my soul than feeling their bear hugs when I arrive home after being away at work for days. Today, I celebrate their birth, their 3 years of life, and their future with the highest hopes and aspirations any fa-ther can have throughout all genera-tions of fatherhood. Today I sing our love story, and I sing Happy Birthday to my Sky Bear and Sage Monkey. Happy birthday. I love you a lot—te amo mucho. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1625 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolu-tion providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625, and I ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from New Jer-sey? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 116 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1625, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘Making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00273 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.021 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2030 March 22, 2018 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
60 YEARS OF THE PIONEER CENTER FOR HUMAN SERVICES (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and congratulate the Pioneer Center for Human Services for 60 years of serving the people of McHenry County, Illinois. The Pioneer Center was founded in 1958 out of a mother’s desire to provide greater opportunities for her daughter with Down syndrome. Since then, it has provided services for members of the community facing developmental disabilities, homelessness, and behav-ioral health issues. I am always impressed by the com-passion and energy of Pioneer Center employees when I visit their facilities, which now include 17 group homes, a homeless shelter, a transitional home, and a family and child therapy center. Mr. Speaker, 4,500 men, women, and children are served every year, includ-ing 95 who are annually employed in local jobs through the Community Em-ployment Services Program. Last year alone, individuals logged 8,500 hours of community activity, everything from attending classes at the gym to vis-iting a farmer’s market and taking community college courses. I am proud to celebrate with the Pio-neer Center for Human Services as they continue to empower individuals to achieve their full potential. 
f 
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, despite the Kremlin’s lies, all facts lead to the conclusion that Vladimir Putin tried to murder Sergei Skripal, a former Russian double agent, in broad day-light on British soil. Great Britain strongly condemned Russia, and because Britain is our clos-est ally, our Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, did what we would expect from him: he forcefully condemned the crime and vowed the U.S. would hold Russia accountable. But within hours, Tillerson was fired. Now, we know about the strains be-tween President Trump and Tillerson: Trump has mocked him for favoring di-plomacy with North Korea; they have disagreed over the Iran nuclear deal; and it didn’t help when Tillerson re-portedly called Trump a moron. But none of that cost Tillerson his job. It was only when he aggressively con-demned Putin that he crossed the red-dest of redlines for Donald Trump. Why is Trump so afraid of Putin that he would fire his own Secretary of State for talking tough on Russia? Why does he constantly fawn over Putin, even calling to congratulate him for winning a fake election this week? You would think the House Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence would be asking these questions, but, instead, they have shut down their Russia investigation. This stinks, Mr. Speaker. What are they trying to hide from the American people? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PRIVATE RUDOLPH JOHNSON (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to Arkansas native Rudy Johnson. Former Private Rudy John-son will be laid to rest at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in North Lit-tle Rock this Friday, 73 years after he was killed in action during World War II. Private Johnson was drafted into the Army in 1943 and was assigned to the 93nd Division, nicknamed the Buffalo Soldiers and the only African-Amer-ican division to see combat in Europe during World War II. Rudy was stationed in northern Italy, fighting against German forces when his unit reported that he was killed in action in 1945 at the age of 20. Private Johnson’s remains were finally identified after DNA analysis in 2016, and he was flown home this week to rest where his journey began. Rudy’s sacrifice for Arkansas and America will never be forgotten, and I join his family and all Arkansans in welcoming him back home for his final rest. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JESSICA KLYMCHUK (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jessica Klymchuk. Jessica was the mother of three daughters and one son. She was an edu-cational assistant, bus driver, and li-brarian at St. Stephen’s School in Valleyview, Alberta, Canada, for 4 years. She went to the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1 with her fiance, Brent. The couple had recently been engaged and looked forward to their wedding. Jessica always put her family first and loved camping with them. She is remembered for being a loving woman who always worked hard and dedicated her life to her children. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Jessica’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
PROTECT MINNESOTA’S LIBERIAN COMMUNITY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, time is running out. Unless the administration takes action by March 31, members of Minnesota’s Liberian community who have been here for more than 20 years after fleeing a vicious civil war and making new lives here in the United States could be forced to leave. Minnesota is home to one of the larg-est Liberian communities in the coun-try. More than 16,000 Liberians, includ-ing 4,000 children, have made Min-nesota their home, and for decades, they have been productive members of our society and our economy. Since the early 1990s, Presidents of both parties have ensured that they can stay. A bipartisan group of my col-leagues and I are asking and joining to-gether to ask the President to act to do the same. I have also coauthored bipartisan leg-islation to allow these families to stay because, Mr. Speaker, we are asking the President: Don’t let this happen. Do the right thing. These families are fundamentally American, and they are a part of the very fabric of what we have in Minnesota as a community. 
f 
HONORING DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, while we are on recess, the city of Memphis, Tennessee, will be the center of civil rights history as the 50th anniversary of the tragic assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., will be memorialized on April 4 in Memphis, where he was slain. At the Lorraine Motel where he was staying and killed, a great civil rights museum has sprung up like a phoenix from the ashes, the great history of the civil rights movement. At that spot, at the same time he was killed, there will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00274 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.053 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2031 March 22, 2018 
be a bell ringing, and there will be civil rights leaders from all over the coun-try in Memphis to mark the occasion: our own J
OHN LEWIS, Andrew Young, Danny Glover, and Cary Kennedy. There are so many that I shouldn’t start, but they will be there to honor Dr. King’s memory. Dr. King’s dream is not fulfilled yet. We need to continue to work to make his dream fulfilled in this country to where everybody, regardless of their race or their gender, for that matter, or their sexual orientation, has an op-portunity to climb ladders of oppor-tunity to participate in the American Dream and have a successful life and be a part of the middle class, if possible. I hope everybody will give some thought to Dr. King and his dream on April 4. 
f 
THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support President Trump’s plan to tackle the opioid epidemic, a crisis that has plagued communities and devastated families all across Indi-ana. In Indiana, roughly 40 percent more people die from drug overdoses than they do from car accidents. Since 2010, opioid-related deaths have nearly tri-pled in my State. It is past time to address the opioid epidemic and get serious about saving lives. Growing up in the 1980s, Nancy Rea-gan’s Just Say No campaign had a real impact on my life, and I applaud Presi-dent Trump’s plan to do more to edu-cate young people about the horrific ef-fects of drug use. I also support the President’s plan to address the opioid crisis by securing our border, stopping the flow of drugs pouring into our country, and reducing rampant prescription drug abuse. The President is right. For the worst drug traffickers, the death penalty should be an option. Today we took a big step in the right direction, but more must be done to help families dealing with the dev-astating effects of opioid abuse. 
f 
b1330 FRIENDSHIP CIRCLE WALK (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the annual Walking 4 Friendship event. This past March 18, friends, families, and neighbors from my congressional district walked three kilometers to promote awareness and acceptance of children, teens, and young adults with special needs. More than 1,000 of my constituents walked to raise support for The Friend-ship Circle of Miami. This volunteer organization provides a number of so-cial, recreational, and educational pro-grams for some of the most vulnerable members of our society and helps them build lasting friendships. Mr. Speaker, the positive impact of The Friendship Circle is felt widely throughout our community and brings so much joy and comfort to young peo-ple with special needs and their fami-lies. I would like to thank the countless volunteers and local sponsors who make this organization and this won-derful annual event possible. Let us not forget their theme: Together, we can perform miracles. f 
MARY’S CUPBOARD (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the issue of food insecurity, affecting near-ly 1.6 million people in my home State of Pennsylvania. In our district, that is 1.6 million too many. I am proud to recognize the efforts of Mary’s Cupboard in Levittown, Penn-sylvania, a food pantry which has served nearly 86,000 individuals since its inception in 1976. Operating in con-junction with Catholic Social Services, Mary’s Cupboard offers both perishable and nonperishable food items. Their standard practice is to provide a family with 5 days’ worth of food. I would like to recognize founder Marion Slack and operations coordina-tors Betty Rommet and Ann Hyjurick, who, along with the assistance of partnering parishes St. Ignatius in Yardley, St. Andrew in Newton, St. Cyril of Jerusalem in Jamison, and St. Michael the Archangel in Levittown, bring hope and peace of mind to their neighbors on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of us to follow their lead and work to eradicate hunger in all of our communities. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4760 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 4760. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
f 
NEW HARTFORD, NEW YORK, CELEBRATES ITS 230TH ANNI-VERSARY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 230th anni-versary of the settlement of my home-town, New Hartford, New York. New Hartford was settled in early 1877 by Jedediah Sanger, who was in search of the American Dream. By 1789, Jedediah had brought his entire family to New Hartford and built a sawmill and gristmill. The village began to flourish with farmers who provided New Hartford and the surrounding communities with fresh produce and a variety of dairy products. Today, the town of New Hartford strives to maintain Jedediah Sanger’s original vision and ideas. It is home to numerous retail stores, restaurants, and churches, while remaining an ex-tremely civic-minded and generous community. In fact, our own New Hartford Cen-tral School District, my alma mater and the same school from which my son graduated from 30 years later, con-sistently ranks as one of the very best schools in New York State and among the top public schools in the country. Fun fact: I actually live across the street from the house I grew up in, my childhood home, and I now live in a home that I purchased from our former Congressman, Alexander Pirnie, who once served in this great Chamber. Please join me in honoring and cele-brating the 230th anniversary of New Hartford, New York. f 
SALUTING CAREGIVERS OF ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the caregivers who sup-port those living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease or a related dementia in our com-munity. Over 5 million Americans have Alz-heimer’s disease, including 5,000 in my home county of Butte in northern Cali-fornia. It is also the most expensive disease in America. Medicare and Med-icaid pay two-thirds of all the costs. This is unacceptable and unsustainable. This is a tremendous burden to our country. From my perspective, if we are going to have a shot at reducing government spending, we have to ad-vance the movement to cure Alz-heimer’s and do something to lower the cost of care and also reduce the burden on families who suffer as they watch their loved ones dealing with this dis-ease. This is why I joined 32 of my House colleagues in cosponsoring the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. This would create a public health re-sponse to Alzheimer’s and would help educate community members and doc-tors on dementia detection, diagnosis, symptom management, even brain health and prevention of dementia. I will continue to fight for quality, affordable healthcare for seniors na-tionwide. We must do everything in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00275 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.055 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2032 March 22, 2018 
power to preserve Medicare and Med-icaid for future generations. 
f 
FUNDING ISSUES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago, we passed a major omnibus appropriations bill, of which I had the privilege of submitting over 30 requests. Frankly, I am thank-ful for the funding I received on behalf of the 18th Congressional District of Texas. It is a tradition that I pride my-self in. I also take pride in the work of the Appropriations Committee in working on behalf of the American peo-ple. It is also important to take note of the fact that—as we have done positive things, it is also important to note some issues that I have concern with. First of all, I want to acknowledge that there is no limit for the funding for Planned Parenthood, which is part of my constituency, which helps young women with their health. There is opioid funding and VA funding. I am most happy with the childcare funding and for TIGER grants. But what we need more of, even though we had 450,000 new certificates for the disabled, is Section 8 vouchers for seniors and families. We need to be able to insist that the quality of hous-ing is best. As I finish, Mr. Speaker, let me just say that in the effort to stop school gun violence, I am disappointed that there are no civil rights protections to make sure we aren’t pointing out His-panics and Latinos differently from other children, as well as no DACA re-lief for our children. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will recognize Members for Spe-cial Order speeches without prejudice to the resumption of legislative busi-ness. 
f 
NORTH KOREA DIPLOMACY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to come to the American people because I truly believe that when it comes to the national security of this Nation, we are of one belief, one faith, and singularly committed to the secu-rity of each and every American. I know that because our hearts break when any of our men and women fall in battle while wearing that uniform. I have spent a lot of time with fami-lies who have lost loved ones through-out the wars that have occurred during my tenure in the United States Con-gress. I have been to the veterans’ cem-etery. I have joined my neighbors on Memorial Day. I have held my own Me-morial Day commemoration for at least the last 5 years. Neighbors have come out from all over the community to honor those who live and served our Nation, but those who have fallen as well. I believe it is important, then, to evi-dence in your congressional work as well as evidence in this country, through the leaders who are serving this Nation, being truthful as well as diplomatic. I have no quarrel with the issues of diplomacy. GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have no quarrel with the idea of diplo-macy. I believe that even your enemies deserve the opportunity to explain themselves. So, as Secretary Tillerson had men-tioned some months ago, he was inter-ested in some encounter with North Korea. He described that it would take some time and that some initial meet-ings make sense. We have not been able to change the minds of the North Koreans and their attitudes toward nuclear proliferation for decades, though we came close dur-ing the time of President William Jef-ferson Clinton, but counsel advised him not to go further. I am sure he reflects on that. All of us wonder. That was with the father, Kim Jong-un. Diplomacy is a reputable and reason-able approach to safeguard and secure the American people. I have taken on the responsibility as someone who has served on the Homeland Security Com-mittee since the heinous, tragic ter-rorist act of 9/11—and I now serve on the Counterterrorism and Intelligence Subcommittee and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Sub-committee, having served on the Transportation and Protective Secu-rity Subcommittee as chair, and on the Immigration and Border Security Sub-committee—and I share the importance of our national security. Now, as the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee, where it is important as well to assess the threats against United States, I have come to believe the importance of developing an expertise in these na-tional security issues so that we can share with our constituents and also advocate here in the Congress what more we should be doing. I truly be-lieve that we should be doing more. So, before I frame the complete as-pects of my discussion that will involve Trump and the need to protect the independence of the special counsel, but, more importantly, Trump and Russia and the intertwining of the highest office in the land and the ac-tions of Putin’s Russia and the actions of Vladimir Putin, most of us have known the idea of the Soviet Union and Russia for most of our lives. Russia is somewhat of a new phenomena, as the Soviet Union was broken up. The memories of the Soviet Union and the Iron Curtain and the idea of an insu-lated, frightening, frozen land that did not allow any of its subjects, including the many countries that came under the Soviet Union, to speak a word, si-lent or not, against the government, was a fearsome and fearful place. If history recounts, that was the Cold War. That was a moment in time for schoolchildren taking cover under. That was the time of President Ken-nedy’s actions and almost the brink of war with Khruschchev. Those were mo-ments the American people could un-derstand. They demanded that the United States not be frail or a failure against Russia. I do not ignore World War II, when Russia was a collaborator in the efforts of the allies. I don’t ignore that. But after that time, it was their choice to stand up against the world and to stand up in a frightening way until the doors seemingly began to crack open. I, for one, as a student, welcomed and cherished that possibility that Russia would turn to democratic ways—at least, ways of giving opportunity to its people, giving them free speech, giving them the ability to make decisions for themselves, and to vote in fair elec-tions. For a period of time, that was seem-ingly the direction that they were going after President Reagan said: ‘‘Tear down that wall.’’ What a bright light. I think it is im-portant to note these Republican and Democratic Presidents who understood what our role was and is. What is America’s role? If you travel in the most limited way, no matter what continent you go to, you will find that the people of the continent look to America for hope, for the standard bearer of democracy and human rights. b1345 And if no one else turns on the light and shines it on the dastardly behavior of the despotic leaders, they can al-ways count on America to make a dif-ference. That is what I have grown to know as a Member of the United States Con-gress. That is the side of the line on which I have stood. Not out of anger, not out of disregarding the differences of world leaders, but of recognizing what America’s responsibility is and how disappointed and hurt I am that we find ourselves perplexed. The world is perplexed. Ask any dip-lomatic traveler coming back from any conference, country, meeting, outside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00276 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.057 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2033 March 22, 2018 
of the United States. Do a poll at the international airports from New York to Washington to Houston. They will tell you that the world asks: What in the world is going on? Because, for one, they don’t have that voice of reason in the United States foreign policy com-ing out of the White House. They do not see that standard bearer of stand-ing up for human rights and women’s rights, of understanding their plight. And in particular, they don’t under-stand why our voice is silence. Now, let me compliment many of the former members of Cabinets, going as far back, I guess, as Reagan and be-yond, who are still speaking about our true values, of the whole issue of deal-ing with those who are evil and con-fronting them outright. Mr. Speaker, I am not suggesting that we turn toward every moment. We all have our dif-ferences of opinion on the Iraq war and Afghanistan, although we never dis-agree on the blood that was shed by our soldiers and those who are on the bat-tle line. We ask the question: What was the ultimate result? But still, people, even in those times of consternation, they said, well, America was trying to do right, trying to bring democracy or stability or speaking out against the despotic lead-ers and not shying away from doing that. They were speaking out against Saddam, Gaddafi, without any embar-rassment. They weren’t congratulating them on their elections. They were ac-knowledging, from the continent of Af-rica, to Asia-Pacific, to South and Cen-tral America, to the halls of Eastern Europe and beyond, and any other place I have not mentioned, that Amer-ica would comment, either in the United Nations or elsewhere, on its dis-appointment on how countries treated their people. Before this recess wherein we will be working with our constituents, we were working very hard to do one thing. Not to undermine the executive branch. There are three branches of government. I pride myself in the ac-ceptance of the Constitution, I guess because my predecessor was the Honor-able Barbara Jordan. She trained us well, as she held up that book during the Watergate proceedings, that this was not personal; it was that she was not going to see the Constitution and the rights of the people diminished. That is where I stand today. This is not a personal commentary on the ex-ecutive, meaning the branch that is called the executive, or a commentary on the branch that is the legislature or the judiciary, but it is a critique, and it is to recognize that they have failed. And so I was disappointed when there was no bill dealing with the protection of the special counsel, Special Counsel Mueller in this instance, but this bill is not directed toward a name. It is to en-sure that, if we select a special counsel, there be the guidelines and protections that do not subject that office to the whims and personalities of those who feel, ‘‘I am being investigated.’’ Wouldn’t all of us like to be able to stand and block anyone who makes us uncomfortable? My bill, H.R. 3654, will now be at the desk for a discharge petition. It is a simple bill that is not an angry bill. It is to limit the removal of a special counsel and for other purposes. It com-plements the bill of Mr. C
OHEN of Ten-nessee. His bill deals with the after-re-view of a firing. H.R. 3654 deals with the initial attempt to fire, so as not to disrupt the investigation. What would be required is that this individual would have the opportunity, if they were sought to be removed, to file an action in the district court, only if the Attorney General would do so, the district court of the District of Co-lumbia, and file a contemporaneous no-tice of action with the Committee of the Judiciary in the House and Senate. Therefore, the court would have to de-termine whether there was cause for this individual to be removed, and that cause would include misconduct, dere-liction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest, or other good cause in viola-tion of the policies of the Department of Justice—simple, not punitive, but factual. There was no reason why the omni-bus could not have included a simple summary or a simple statement of that fact. One would argue, or one would raise the question: Why? Well, the question is well explained. The most immediate are the rumblings coming from the White House and the White House counsel about Director Mueller’s investigation should end; Di-rector Mueller is conducting a witch hunt; Director Mueller has 13, or what-ever number, Democrats and no Repub-licans; Director Mueller is, in essence, not doing what he is supposed to do. I would take issue with that, and I would take issue because the investiga-tion started with the collusion ques-tion with the Trump campaign. Unfor-tunately, the heightened question has grown exponentially since the begin-ning of the current Presidential admin-istration. It has grown in such a way that it causes you to have a number of questions. The intelligence community, in Jan-uary of 2017, stated that Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. Presidential election represent the most recent ex-pression of Moscow’s longstanding de-sire to undermine the U.S.-led liberal democratic order, but these activities demonstrated a significant escalation in directness, level of activity, and scope of effort compared to previous operations. I applaud the omnibus bill, for it en-hanced, by millions of dollars, the amount, which I supported, that will be used for election security in 2018. It is confirmed that the Russians are con-tinuing their interference and, as well, that they plan to continue it in 2018 and 2020. As we well know, the company based in Europe that snatched and used the technology of Facebook and the data of millions and millions of Americans in an abusive manner and to skew the election toward one candidate versus another—in this instance, the Trump campaign—we know that that is still an open book. The company still exists. We know as well, even though the CEO was suspended, to the applause of the CEO and leader of Facebook, who has expressed his concern, that this is still a real possibility. We look forward to Mr. Zuckerberg engaging with the United States Congress and also the creativity to deal with that crisis. But the ICA, intelligence commu-nity, assesses that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016—let me be very clear, ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. Presidential elec-tion—not stood by as a leader of a par-ticular nation and ignored, if you will, the individuals who were doing it but, in fact, ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. Presidential election. Russia’s goals were to under-mine public faith in the U.S. demo-cratic process, denigrate the former Secretary of State, and harm her electability and potential Presidency. The intelligence community further assesses that Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear pref-erence for our President-elect, who is now the President of the United States. The ICA has high confidence in these judgments. The intelligence community also as-sesses Putin and the Russian Govern-ment aspired to help elect the present President and to increase that Presi-dent-elect’s chances, Mr. Trump, when possible, by discrediting the former Secretary of State and publicly con-trasting her unfavorably to him. Now we know Putin has been at-tempting to do this for a long time. In 2014, the Russian Government pursued a campaign called The Translator Project, which endeavored to use social media to manipulate and engage in in-formation warfare, plain and simple. And as I will mention later, Putin has been engaged in truly despicable acts for many years. But since before the election and over his time in office, the President has never criticized him. Now, the basis of not criticizing an-other head of state is not the basis of Special Counsel Mueller’s investiga-tion, and I am glad of that. Because you disagree with a personality or someone’s behavior, that is not what should be the basis of any investiga-tion. But let me give you what the spe-cial counsel has accomplished in the time that he has been engaged in the work that he was assigned to do. Madam Speaker, I would inquire of the time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. T
ENNEY ). The gentlewoman from Texas has 40
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I think I was in the middle of saying that, because of different personalities or the different way that an individual leads, that is not the basis of anyone having to be investigated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00277 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.060 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2034 March 22, 2018 
I was talking earlier about The Translator Project. We know that Mr. Putin has been attempting to intrude in our elections for a very long time, and in 2014, the Russian Government pursued a campaign called The Trans-lator Project. This is the Russian Gov-ernment’s campaign, not the campaign of the United States, which endeavored to use social media to manipulate and engage in information warfare, plain and simple. b1400 They, obviously, were more than suc-cessful in the 2016 election. And as I will mention later, Putin has been en-gaged in—I said this before, but it is worth repeating—truly despicable acts for many years. I just paused for a moment to say that many people don’t realize the kind of direct involvement that Vladimir Putin has over the most minute things happening in Russia as it pushes out to what is perceived as Russia’s enemies. The Russian people are wonderful people. I look forward always to engag-ing with them. There is a large Russian population in Texas and all over the Nation. We welcome them who have come, some fleeing persecution, others in other matters. But I think it is im-portant to note that there are Russian spies here in the United States every day trying to co-opt and turn an Amer-ican citizen to work for them. Tragically, there were any number of individuals, seemingly, that wound up in the campaign of Mr. Trump that warrants investigation by Mr. Mueller. These despicable behaviors are not just with elections, because elections are won and lost. We don’t like losing elections. But if we do lose them, we like to lose them fair and square. When you run for President of the United States, you run on your own merits, your own strategy, your own outreach, your own missteps and mishaps. But how impossible is it to run when a for-eign nation is conspicuously, with money, collaborating and working to skew the election to one candidate versus another? Now, let me be very clear. This is not looking backwards. Nothing I say today will alter who the President is of the United States, and as Americans, we adhere to the order of government, regular order. That gives me such great pride that we are not a nation that marches up to the home of the execu-tive and asks—or not asks—but de-mands that person leave in a coup d’etat. That is not the American way. But it does bear well that we know who we are dealing with, and that we are honest about the fact that the election was turned and won on a simple fact, not three States, or not—I didn’t go there—not who is a blue collar and who is not—because I love all of the people. It was squarely skewed because of the direct intrusion of Vladimir Putin and his data. And the question is: What kind of collusion, collaboration, or criminal elements happened? But in the course of those kinds of actions, I would make the point on my comment about truly despicable acts. How do you welcome, guarantee, give applause to an individual whom I am glad to say that the former President Obama stared down in the midst of our election and said, ‘‘Cut it out,’’ cut it out from interfering in our elections? And from the words and the reaction of Mr. Putin, I didn’t see a denial. I didn’t see a: Hey, let’s sit down and talk about it; if you think I am doing this, let me find out who is doing this in my country and I am putting a stop to it immediately. None of that happened. It continued to intrude, and skew, and manipulate the data of millions of Americans of what they were receiving on Facebook, and many others who were getting poi-son pills in their inboxes about the election, skewed against the former Secretary of State. It never stopped. But at the same time, the ions and ions of persons who disappear in Russia, who are impris-oned in Russia, and the individuals, the long list of individuals who have been poisoned, I have met with some of them; miraculously, even one who was poisoned and survived, was still fight-ing for human rights, went back again, and, as my memory serves me, was poisoned again. But his passion for civil rights and human rights and saving Russia, the beautiful Russia that he loved, and bringing her into the 21st century, made him drive toward the danger. But what about right now in the last 2 months? Not on Russian soil, but on our friend’s, Great Britain, in London, two Russians: one a father, one a daughter. The daughter left Russia to celebrate or to visit her father. Poi-sonous gas took them down. Took them down. No mea culpa. No com-ment. I thank Prime Minister May for standing up and saying, eye-to-eye: You will not do this in my country. I believe it is important for our foreign policy to be both diplomatic but force-ful. For if you are in meetings with Russians who are able to speak openly, they will tell you that Vladimir Putin listens to nothing but power. Not any glad-handing, and I am a genius, and he is a genius, and he called me a genius. He doesn’t respond to that. He only re-sponds to looking you in the eye and showing that you have power. And as I just heard over the last cou-ple of days, most of the Russian people don’t have internet. They can only hear what is given to them. They don’t see what is going on. And they are liv-ing in their world without the exposure to the beauty of democracy, the beauty of human rights, and women’s rights, and the freedom to go anywhere I want to go. And they get their thrills through what is told to them, to maybe the wins and losses in an Olympic game, or the exploits and expeditions of their leader who they just voted for. Maybe that is the level of their excite-ment. I don’t believe, however, that we as Americans can fall into that trap. In the instance of the Commander in Chief, he refuses to criticize the geo-political belligerence of Vladimir Putin and the Russian Federation. And to add insult to injury, just this week, as I indicated, here comes a congratula-tions on an election that many observ-ers of elections admit was rigged. I think we all saw a video where it looked like someone was stuffing the ballot box. I have no reason to know why it was stuffed, but the opponent was popular that was running, but, of course, that opponent did not win. But I just step back for a moment on despicable acts. I have been to Ukraine. It broke my heart to see the war that was going on, Russian-backed rebels, and to have the representation that the small part did not want to be in Ukraine, so Vladimir Putin was not going to encourage the unity of Ukraine. They were going to implode Ukraine. Let them fight. But how sad that he was never held accountable for the shooting down of a civilian air-plane full of hopeful travelers, baby shoes, and suitcases of hopes and dreams. That is what we are contending with. And that is why the overall investiga-tion of Director Mueller is not per-sonal. It is not purposely chosen to pick on an executive that someone does not like. It is done for the integrity of this Nation. Let me tell you how we can look back over more recent actions. Russia occupied cities in the Republic of Geor-gia in 2008. They have imprisoned and suppressed journalists and dissidents. They have been so brazen so as to use, as I just said, a nerve agent, a chemical weapon on the soil of our great ally, a true partner for peace and progress. Look at the actions that we took, in-cluding Russia, in Syria when the charges were using a nerve gas. What deadly silence from this executive, this administration, except for some other line officers—not lying, line, l-i-n-e— who probably said some things. They were obstructive in President Obama’s efforts to bring peace in the dev-astating civil war in Syria by propping up Assad, which had killed untold num-bers of people, including so many inno-cent children. That gas was used many years ago. In an even greater escalation, they launched a missile at a civilian pas-senger plane, killing 298 on board, Ma-laysia Airlines Flight 17, as I said. While they were doing all this, the Russians were impervious to criticism, beyond reproach, as far as they were concerned. Power is what they under-stand, firmness and sternness, and a solid policy. Oh, we will negotiate. We will deal with diplomacy, but you have to stop your bad behavior. While they were doing all this, people were suffering. In 2011, Russians went to the polls for seats in the Duma. After the election, there were allega-tions and questions surrounding the in-tegrity of the vote. This soon turned to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00278 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.061 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2035 March 22, 2018 
protest. Mr. Putin, for some bizarre reason, blamed the former Secretary of State for this. This has been a grudge he has held against her, and he was committed to doing anything to de-stroy her. The former Secretary has said before on the floor of the Chamber—or I have said—she is a stateswoman. If the words that she provided gave any com-fort to those protesting, that is fair game. There were no weapons. There was no nerve gas. It was people clam-oring and holding on to positive words by a person of status during the time of her leadership that what was hap-pening in Russia was wrong. And the reaction of President Putin should have been, let me move my na-tion into the 21st century, let me not attack a woman of stature and excel-lence, a true public servant. Because she was not shy to point out injustices and improper behavior, which we should do for despots around the world. While she was Secretary of State, this body passed and Obama signed the Magnitsky Act which imposed sanc-tions on many Russian oligarchs, long overdue. 2013 was a big year for the United States’ relationship with Rus-sia. It was in 2013 that Secretary Clin-ton left her post. Also in 2013, a com-pany named the Internet Research Agency registered in Russia, and they are a social media troll farm. The IRA would form the basis of the translator project announced in April 2014. The IRA’s job is to spread disinformation and misinformation through fake social media profiles. They were at their peak in the 2016 election. This was done in order to ma-nipulate public opinion and engage in information warfare. Later that year, the present Presi-dent decides to have a beauty pageant. While in Moscow in November 2013, Donald Trump meets with Agalarov and Rob Goldstein in order to try to build a tower in Moscow. The sanctions President Barack Obama imposed fol-lowing Russia’s annexation of Crimea stopped the Trump Tower deal. How dare anyone say that the past administration was weak on Russia. Yes, power is what they understand. But it has to be a persistent, deter-mined power, not power that is stopped by a new election. I assume this was not a happy time for those who wanted that Trump Tower. While this was going on, the present President is developing a track record, trafficking conspiracy theories for his birtherism, the ugly smear that Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, was not born in the United States, and, therefore, was in-eligible to be President. I watched this smear through videos and interviews, and just to the point that many of you recall, that in the midst of his Presidency—only because he desired to do so—President Barack Obama showed his birth certificate. What an ugly attack. I was also there at the television, radio, and journalists event when both President Obama and the present President were there. When the Presi-dent—with a sense of humor—had a video played of ‘‘Lion King’’ and said to the laughing audience: There is my birth place. b1415 I am glad he had a sense of humor, but it was an ugly attack on a legiti-mate President of the United States who will have a wonderful history to look back on. The present President rode this lie of his birth—President Obama’s birth and concluded he could use it to win the Republican nomination for President, so he announced it. And in that an-nouncement, he dismisses Mexicans as drug dealers and rapists. Everyone has all kinds of people as their neighbors, and who would ever say that? But shortly after his announcement, questions about his connections to Russia continued. It is right around then, in September 2015, the Demo-cratic National Committee is told that its computers have been hacked. Despite all the information that we knew and, more importantly, all the information that only Donald Trump knew, he continued to deny any in-volvement with Russia. Meantime, corporations were gath-ering the information of Americans through Facebook and poisoning the well, and sending biting, wrongheaded misinformation to many voters all over the Midwest and elsewhere. While he was denying his connections to Russia, we now know that agents working with this President, Michael Cohen and Felix Sater, were trying yet again to build a tower in Moscow. Let me repeat this fact. While he was actively running for President of the United States, there were business agents actively pursuing a real estate project in Russia and denying it. As I have said in my commentary, it is well known that the only thing that Vladimir Putin understands is power; and any time you are going to beg, you can be assured he will use that against you or use that to manipulate you and anyone else that is associated with it. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned about the safety and security of the Amer-ican people. This Congress should be concerned. Republicans should be con-cerned. Today, I said that the inves-tigation by Special Counsel Mueller is not a red line being drawn or a blue line. It is red, white, and blue lines, which represent the American people. None of us should, for political rea-sons, attempt to quash the truth. And the truth about Mr. Putin is all he wants is power, and all he wants is to dominate the democracy and the great-est democracy in the world, and to quash the leadership position that America holds, and the admiration that the world has for America, and the desire for most of the world not to be Russia, but to be America. And all we do is fuel his ability by subordi-nating ourselves to him, his so-called greatness, his phony election, and his tampering with our election. This is a difficult time. Many of you remember the name of General Flynn. He was a senior adviser to the Trump campaign, and one of his most unfortu-nate episodes was his time at the Re-publican National Convention, shout-ing ‘‘Lock Her Up, Lock Her Up.’’ That might be the core reason why some of my colleagues, even today, are sneaking through a subpoena to try and sneak through and bring back doc-uments to attack the former Secretary again, a unilateral subpoena, not one that was joined in or even asked to be joined in by Democrats and Repub-licans. That is unfortunate because we have never, in the Judiciary Com-mittee, issued subpoenas without a vote. But now, to make havoc because of the very fine work of Special Counsel Mueller, it is going to be a tit for tat. So here we are with the tit for tat. But if we recall, in December 2015, Mr. Flynn went to Moscow, sat at a dinner with Mr. Putin and Jill Stein, the 2016 Green Party candidate, to mark the 10-year anniversary of RT, the Russian TV. Just months later, in February 2016, the Translator Project, the endeavor to weaponize social media information revealed their theme, to support a number of candidates and to ruin the former Secretary. March 2016 was a critical month, too. March 2016 was the month when the campaign manager of the former Sec-retary had his emails hacked. March 2016 was also when the present Presi-dent had a meeting of his national se-curity team. Present was this famous man, George Papadopoulos, unfortu-nately, one of those indicted, sitting in a famous meeting of great leaders for national security and foreign affairs. He was a foreign affairs aide and even mentioned publicly as a great mind of foreign affairs by the present Presi-dent. But in May of 2016, he got drunk, a little inebriated at a London wine bar and told a diplomat of a friendly coun-try of ours that the Russians had dirt on the former Secretary. Then, in June 2016, we have the infa-mous Trump Tower meeting, where operatives of the Trump campaign were told about derogatory information about Russia, and one of them said, fa-mous words: ‘‘I love it.’’ At the GOP convention, the GOP ac-tually changed its platform to be more friendly to Russia, a foreign despotic power that is aggressive around the world, that has shot down airplanes, support rebels to undermine govern-ments, and even prop up the leader in Syria as people die in the streets. It is a question of how a Republican platform at their convention, quite contrary to all of what most know of Republicans, to be friendly, and have a friendly pro-Russian platform, and friendly to a Ukraine that would op-press her people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00279 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.063 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2036 March 22, 2018 
Then, after another operative name appears on foreign logs, that person re-signed from the campaign. Another Trump associate encourages WikiLeaks to hack the Clinton emails. We know this because we have heard of direct messages between WikiLeaks and operatives of the Trump campaign. Their names are famous. Even predicted that leaders of the former Secretary’s campaign would have their time in the barrel. This tweet was sent on the same day as the infamous Access Hollywood tape, where Trump boasted about actions that all of us find appalling. The election happens in the backdrop of the poisonous emails, the tampering by Russia, the spewing out of millions of Facebook connections, skewing the election, and the person they wanted to win wins. Yet, even after the election, the connections to Russia do not stop. Rather than using the power that Putin needs to see from the United States to protect the American people, we just fall into the molasses and con-tinue to throw sugar on this leader. We hire the National Security Advisor, who was sitting at the table with Mr. Putin. In some way related to advo-cating for Mr. Putin’s high level of re-spect in the country, he was accused of lying to the FBI about meetings with Russians. When that news was made public, he was fired. In between, of course, a person known as a public servant with no other agenda but to serve in the De-partment of Justice briefed the Presi-dent of that information and other in-formation 2 or 3 weeks before. They ul-timately were fired, Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, and it took a long time for there to be an acknowledg-ment to fire the National Security Ad-visor. Don’t you think Mr. Putin watches this and says, Boy are we successful? Boy, are we doing well? We are not only inside the White House; we are entrenched. After the former FBI Director testi-fied that the FBI was investigating connections between the present Presi-dent and the Kremlin, that same per-son who had offered a letter regarding the former Secretary a couple of days out of the election, an unheard action, and no pronouncement was made about other investigations regarding the present President, but, unfortunately, he was fired. I want to pause for a moment. I have said that this cannot be about person-alities or who has wronged one person or the other. I disagree with General Sessions. I disagree with his blocking of real, fair, criminal justice reform, his opposing civil rights, his supporting bad voter ID laws, his eliminating com-munity consent decrees, and his attack on cities because they don’t want to harm innocent families labeled the city as sanctuary cities. But I would not hold to the position of supporting his firing, undermining the rule of law and the Constitution. The law and the Constitution will be undermined if, for some reason, during this recess, while the special counsel is doing their in-depth work, that the At-torney General is fired, an interim ap-pointment is made, that person fires the Deputy Attorney General, may fire the FBI Director, and may fire the spe-cial counsel. That is the midnight mas-sacre of the 21st century, 2018. I hope it does not happen. I hope that we, as members of the Judiciary Com-mittee, today, in our press conference, have put the White House on notice; even though I understand now that one of the White House lawyers, Mr. Dowd, who was known as the reasonable law-yer, just resigned. That frightens me even more. What more is going to happen? What else is going to be our lot? That is why we have the discharge position on Mr. C
OHEN ’s bill and my bill, and my members will be getting letters to join those two bills together and sign them upon their return; though they can also ask their office to sign them, or they can be signed during the pro forma session. This is the journey that we have taken. After former FBI Director testi-fied that the FBI was investigating connections, I have said that, we note that that FBI Director was fired. Thereafter, the special counsel was appointed because that is what you call obstruction of justice possibly. The special counsel was appointed to begin his investigation around that firing. But if anyone understands prosecu-tors and special counsel, they can go where the facts lead them because they do not work for any elected officials. They work for the American people. The special counsel was threatened by termination, as reported by the President, only to have this move blocked by the White House Counsel. Early in his tenure he was threatened with termination. Last summer, the President indi-cated the special counsel should keep his family’s private business dealings out of the investigation. Red line. This month, Mr. Mueller subpoenaed business records from the Trump orga-nization implicating the President’s red line on the issue. This news coin-cides with an increase in erratic behav-ior, tweets. But most importantly, one of the lawyers saying, yes, it should end. He should be closed down. The House Intelligence Committee singly, not in a bipartisan manner, de-cided to shut down the Russia inves-tigation without any consultation with our friends on the other side of the aisle, the Democratic members. Just as I indicated, a subpoena may be being issued by Republicans of my committee, the Judiciary, with no con-sultation of Democrats. We don’t know what Mr. Mueller may discover, but we do know that there has been much dis-cussion on a number of operatives. b1430 We also know that the minority had to release their own report for the House Intelligence Committee. In the opening paragraph, it says: ‘‘The HPSCI majority’s move to release to the House of Representatives allega-tions against the FBI and the Depart-ment of Justice is a transparent effort to undermine those agencies, the Spe-cial Counsel and Congress’ investiga-tions. It also risks public exposure of sensitive sources and methods for no legitimate purpose.’’ It goes on to say: ‘‘DOJ met the rigor, transparency, and evidentiary basis needed to meet FISA’s probable cause requirement, by demonstrating: Contemporaneous evidence of Russia’s election interference’’—I am reading from an unclassified document con-cerning Russian links and outreach to Trump campaign officials—‘‘Page’s his-tory with Russian intelligence’’—and that, we would assume, would be Car-ter Page—and Carter ‘‘Page’s sus-picious activities in 2016, including in Moscow.’’ These are all individuals affiliated with the Trump campaign. It further says: Christopher Steele’s raw intelligence reporting did not in-form the FBI’s decision to initiate its counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016.’’ By the way, it reinforces my state-ment that they were investigating the Trump campaign. No one bothered to offer that in a public setting. That was seemingly unimportant to the Amer-ican voters. But this document is unclassified, and most Members have had a chance to peruse it, as I have done, and, frank-ly, it is tied up into our weak response to the despotism of Vladimir Putin. So as I said, this is not about a per-sonality challenge. It is important to take note of the fact that we have an obligation, just as the Cold War Presi-dents had an obligation, to protect the American people at what they per-ceived to be an attack from the Soviet Union, although they collaborated in World War II, the attitude changed. The people were frozen in time. Those Presidents, Secretaries of State, Secretaries of Defense, although they did not clamor to go to war—and I, by no means, in this commentary today, in any way, am suggesting any form of war dealing with Russia. It is, though, saying that power must be met with power. Sanctions must be kept, and sanctions must be strong, and strong words must be clear. Mr. Putin, your interfering with the elections and the desires and the deci-sions of the American people will stop. Your intelligence agencies and your operatives will be booted out, en masse, of the United States, and your attack, if you will, on individuals at-tempting to secure them as agents will cease. I have every confidence in the intel-ligence community of this Nation. I do not look at them as political or par-tisan. From Mr. Clapper to Mr. Bren-nan, formerly, and to those who serve us now, their job is to tell the truth. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00280 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.064 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2037 March 22, 2018 
fact, even those in the Trump adminis-tration, in the intelligence community, have enthusiastically and loudly de-clared that Russia interfered with the 2016 election, and they may and are preparing to do so in the 2018 election and 2020. So the President’s private behavior and efforts to cover it up have now gen-erated three separate lawsuits. I don’t particularly call upon that as a crucial element, except for those of us who know security and intelligence issues. Anything that can weaken you makes you vulnerable to individuals who need your information or need you to work for them. That is a well-known fact. If it is not well known, go to any spy movie and know that the vulnerability is what your operatives attack. Now we have no fewer than three sep-arate lawsuits dealing with his inap-propriate behavior. In each case, his exposure grows. A particularly un-seemly aspect of this silencing cam-paign is the enforcement of onerous nondisclosure agreements. So we will see a long journey of these particular items, these particular individuals coming before the cameras. But I do want to say that there are women across the Nation who may not have this high-profile perpetrator, and I want to say to them and to the ath-letes who told their story in a Michi-gan courtroom that the Me Too move-ment is not temporary and fleeting, and the Me Too movement will con-tinue to embrace you and secure you and safeguard you, and we hope that you will continue to do and tell the truth so that you can be healed and that you can be heard. Over the last couple of days, the con-stant berating—constant berating of this special counsel has been frivolous, and let me tell you why. Although the special counsel has since indicted—or let me rephrase that. The special coun-sel is not doing frivolous work. The special counsel has since indicted three companies and 19 individuals, including the President’s former National Secu-rity Advisor, his former campaign chairman, his deputy campaign chair-man, and secured guilty pleas from five individuals, including three senior members of the Trump campaign. Trump continues to decry the special counsel’s investigation as a hoax. Republican colleagues would not even allow simple language in the om-nibus bill to protect the special counsel to allow him to do his work; although, T
REY GOWDY has indicated that his work should go on. And then, to at-tempt to suggest that the special coun-sel is going after him personally as a Republican, a Democrat, or that it is a witch hunt, I argue vigorously against it. We need to find out the truth about Russia. We need to find out the truth about those who are surrounding this administration. We need to have an ad-ministration, whether it is his or any-one else, to be pure in their commit-ment to the American people. And the truth should come out, and no one, re-gardless of their party affiliation, should try to undermine Special Coun-sel Mueller. So I would make the argument: We leave on a recess; we are on our phones; we are on our emails ready to launch back to Washington to respond to any constitutional crisis; but over and above that issue, though that is jux-taposed right alongside, is the plea to this administration that we cannot and you cannot adhere to two leaders or two bosses. Either you adhere to the boss of the American people, whose safety and security are in your hands, or you play footsies with a dictator who is not unwilling to kill his own citizens with nerve gas on foreign soil. Which will you choose, to be associ-ated with this person who has wounded his own nation with human rights vio-lations, women’s rights violations, with an economy, with people locked up in jail, with family members who can never be found, with poisoning his own citizens, or are you going to stand with the American people and the men and women in the United States mili-tary who are on the front lines every day fighting against those despots and standing for the American people? That is what we need to hear. And until we hear something different—and a mea culpa about the 2016 election, no one should put their hands on Director Mueller. All I can say is that his work should continue. I should not be in-volved with it; committees should not be involved with it; other leaders should not be involved with it. Mr. Mueller should proceed with his work. It is painful. All of us would say so. But, frankly, it is the red, white, and blue. It is on behalf of the Amer-ican people, Mr. Speaker. And with that and my plea for power towards Mr. Putin on behalf of the American people and for dignity for this President on behalf of the Amer-ican people, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
KENNEDY-KING NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE Mr. CURTIS (during the Special Order of Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 4851) to establish the Kennedy- King National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
In section 3, strike subsection (d). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. E
STES of Kansas). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 min-utes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways an honor to address this Hallowed Hall, sometimes more hallowed than others, but today was a bit of a sad day for some of us. The Federalist reported the headline: Congress Rushes Towards Spending Vote to Prevent a Shutdown. ‘‘Congressional leaders released a $1.3 trillion government spending plan for the rest of the fiscal year and asked lawmakers to begin voting on it with only hours to read and analyze the 2,232-page text. ‘‘The measure is wide ranging, with funds for fencing on the U.S.-Mexico border, combating opioid addiction and building new roads, along with incen-tives to bolster reporting to a database for gun-buyer background checks.’’ I have got to assert, Mr. Speaker, that this fix NICS bill, as it’s been called, leaves in place a practice that has been going on. It grieved me great-ly that Republicans would rush to em-brace this thing, which allows the prac-tice that the Obama administration started that administrative procedures by unelected, unaccountable-to-voters bureaucrats could decide people were not, in their opinion, entitled to have their Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. We have heard accounts of people who didn’t realize that they were being questioned in a way that would be used to take their guns away and their right to keep and bear arms to protect them-selves, to engage in self-defense, and the VA is the most notorious. Simply asking a question like, ‘‘Who takes care of your checkbook finances?’’ and answer anything like, ‘‘Oh, my wife takes care of that,’’ then a matter of weeks later, a letter is received saying you don’t have a right to have a gun. It is amazing that the Obama admin-istration would start such an unconsti-tutional practice, and it is, to me, even more grievous that Republicans would participate in a bill that says it is going to correct a problem and make America safer when, actually, what it does will not make a difference in the mass shootings that have occurred. But in the tradition of Congress, if there is a problem, too often people in this body feel it is not important that we do something that will make a dif-ference; it is just important that we look like we are doing something. That is really where the fix NICS bill came into play. It really wouldn’t make people safer. It will add some restrictiveness, and it allows this heinous practice of having some bureaucrat at the VA just decide that a veteran who served his or her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00281 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.066 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2038 March 22, 2018 
Nation valiantly, qualified to use a weapon, can’t have a weapon. b1445 Forget the Constitution. We are the VA, and we decide you don’t get one. Rather egregious. But most egregious of all, we have about half a year to go, and we just voted $1.3 trillion to be spent between now and the end of the fiscal year, which ends midnight September 30. Quite tragic. And we are told, over and over, by pollsters that the American public doesn’t want to hear about process, how laws are made, or if some rules are violated. They don’t care about those things. But the fact is, just like America and each State has laws, and if those laws are not observed, we hasten the demise of a Democratic Republic, this little experiment in self-government. And when it comes to the rules of the House, when we don’t go through the normal regular orders, it is called, which just means following the rules for how we pass a law, then the product is not going to be nearly as good. And that is what we have in the bill that was passed today. It is really im-moral. Going back as far as we are aware in North America, parents have traditionally wanted for their child or their children more opportunity, better opportunity, a better life, than the par-ent had growing up and going forward. Yet, now for the last 50 years, we have had generations engaged in being all about themselves, and that includes my generation. Not all of us, but enough that we could pass a bill a month or so ago and then pass another one today that heaps hundreds of bil-lions of dollars of debt onto our chil-dren, our grandchildren, that they didn’t run up. This is totally different. It is so im-moral. It is totally different from what generations of Americans have wanted: something better for their kids. Yet here we are. It is as if we go into a bank and say: I need a loan. Well, what is your collateral? How are you going to pay? Oh, I am not going to pay. I can’t pay. But I have got all my children, got some grandchildren some-day, and they will pay. Well, what do you need the money for? Because I can’t stop spending money. I just can’t control myself. So I am going to have my kids and grandkids pay someday, because all I can do is spend, and that is where we are. There is an obligation for each gen-eration to be accountable for their ac-tions to future generations. And there has been so much debt run up. Of course, when I got here 13 years ago, we had crossed over into $10 tril-lion in debt, $11 trillion, and all of a sudden, in 8 years, we hit $20 trillion. It was incredible. The biggest part of that hit during the 4 years where the Democratic ma-jority controlled the House and the Senate, and those 2 years in which the Democrat majority in the House and Senate was also linked up with Presi-dent Obama, a Democrat in the White House, and the debt exploded. But when we bring a bill to the floor like came today, didn’t go through reg-ular order, it did not go through com-mittee process, and I can’t know for sure, I heard there were two, I heard there were four people negotiating. I heard that it was staff members who were doing the negotiation. And for heaven’s sake, if we are going to have staff members negotiating numbers that involve $1 trillion that our chil-dren and grandchildren will have to pay, let’s at least get better staff mem-bers to do the negotiation for the sake of our kids. It is really tragic what has been going on. I was just reading an article a mo-ment ago with a statement from Mi-nority Leader P
ELOSI , in which she in-dicated they had won the negotiation, they got lots more of what they wanted than did those in the majority and than did the President himself. Unfortunately, though the President is an amazing negotiator, he graciously allowed the House leaders and the Democratic leaders to do the negoti-ating. And I would encourage the President, I know he wants better deals than this atrocity, but we need his ne-gotiating skills involved to get a better product. This article from Chad Pergram says: ‘‘With $1.2 trillion omnibus bill topping 2,200 pages, Congress needs CliffsNotes.’’ I have another from Jacob Sullum: ‘‘Fix NICS bill would help block gun sales to peaceful people.’’ And Jacob Sullum is right about that. This from August 11, 2016, they are pointing out that the background checks, which were proposed in part of this bill that passed in the House today, would not be effective. The headline says: ‘‘Background Checks: Ineffective, unconstitutional, and dan-gerous.’’ It says: ‘‘Background checks were sold to gun owners as a bill of goods in the 1990s. But consider how ineffective, and dangerous, they have become to our Second Amendment rights: ‘‘Number 1, roughly 95 percent of NICS denials are ‘false positives,’ which means most of the people who are being denied are not the people that want to hold up the neighborhood grocery store. ‘‘Number 2, for the last year on record, only 13 prohibited persons were convicted for trying to illegally pur-chase a gun—when more than 10 mil-lion guns were sold.’’ Pretty amazing. Only 13. And this was back in the Obama administration. Of course, we know they weren’t en-forcing the law. They had the weakest gun violation enforcement of any ad-ministration in the last 50 years, all the while demanding tougher laws, gun laws and gun restrictions, when they were doing the worst job of just enforc-ing the laws we had. So out of 10 million guns that had background checks and were approved for sale, only 13 were convicted of try-ing to illegally purchase a gun. The article continues: ‘‘And the in-spector general’s report in 2016 found that the Justice Department’’—and again, this is during the Obama admin-istration—‘‘only refers an average of 32 prosecutions per year under the Brady Law.’’ ‘‘That is not surprising, since good people can be denied their Second Amendment rights for outstanding traffic tickets, that result in a bench warrant . . . for having the same name as a bad guy . . . or for having engaged in a bar fight 50 years ago. ‘‘Number 3, because of the NICS sys-tem, there are now more than 250,000 military veterans who cannot purchase firearms from a gun dealer—and the Obama administration tried to dis-qualify tens of thousands of otherwise law-abiding seniors in similar fashion.’’ I want to inject here. Just because a senior citizen has his or her adult child take care of their checkbook, it does not mean that that senior citizen does not know when their home is being broken into and they need to protect themselves. Number 4 in this article says: ‘‘And what if you’re blocked from buying a gun because you’re illegitimately de-nied by the NICS check? Well, accord-ing to USA Today, the Obama adminis-tration illegally diverted every single one of its FBI appeal examiners to other duties, making it impossible for the agency to overturn people’s denials and creating a huge backlog. ‘‘Number 5, every time a gun dealer contacts the NICS system and a back-ground check is conducted, there is the potential that gun buyers’ names will be retained—despite prohibitions to the contrary. This data retention and the potential for gun owner registration is a constant concern for gun owners, given the expansive backup system at the FBI. Not only that, the General Ac-counting Office found in 2016 that the ATF had illegally retained the names of thousands of gun owners. ‘‘Number 6, forcing law-abiding citi-zens to get ‘permission’ to exercise a constitutionally protected right can re-sult in harmful delays—and even death. Consider Carol Bowne of New Jersey who tried to get a gun for protection . . . was forced to wait several weeks during the screening process . . . and was ultimately stabbed to death by the man she wanted to defend herself against. ‘‘Gun control is denying the rights of law-abiding Americans, while not mak-ing us any safer.’’ And that is the thing. We hear these constant proposals for more back-ground checks. A proposal that is being pushed, we have got to have back-ground checks when someone gives or sells a gun to another individual when that person selling or giving the gun is not a firearms dealer, they are not in the business, which means a father to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00282 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.069 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2039 March 22, 2018 
son, or a mother to a daughter. This push to get background checks when, as my friend John Lott’s research has shown not one mass shooting in the last 100 years has resulted from a gun that was given or purchased in a lawful transfer person to person. So that kind of idea wouldn’t help save any lives. If we are going to do something, at least do something that saves lives, makes a difference. But we know that, in Rwanda, there was a horrendous period in which 800,000 human beings were slaughtered with machetes. We know that the worst attack with the most horrendous murders in our U.S. history, on our soil, happened on September 11, 2001, and the weapon that was used was a box cutter. We know that the Boston Marathon bombing, in which people were killed and maimed, a pressure cooker was used. We know that in Austin, Texas, a sick criminal mind killed two people and wounded a number of others. There is a lot of talk about ending gun violence without a thought about ending violence. Oklahoma City, that was ammonium nitrate, that was fertilizer, used as a bomb. I keep coming back to the quote of President John Adams in 1798, when he said so prophetically and analytically: ‘‘Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ b1500 That is really where we are. Do we want to end gun violence or do we want to end violence? Some of us would like to end violence. 800,000 human beings that are killed with machetes are just as dead as 800,000 killed with a bomb or a gun. Actually, they most likely suf-fered a great deal more than if they were killed with a gun. A gun is like the law itself. It can be used to protect. During my 4 years in the Army, we were trained to use a weapon for protection of the United States and our Constitution. We took an oath to do that. We were never in combat in my 4 years, but that is what we were trained for. It was not an as-sault weapon. It was a protective weap-on to protect our country. So when we hear all this talk that maybe it is time to again ban assault weapons, any weapon is an assault weapon. Any weapon is also a defensive weapon. It is all about the hands of those who are holding the weapon. We also know for a fact that the years in which so-called assault weap-ons were banned, it made absolutely no difference. We also know that in cities where there is the most strenuous gun laws, you often find the most violent number of gun attacks. The Wall Street Journal had an arti-cle some time back talking about the mentality of those who use a gun and kill and engage in a mass shooting. They said that almost invariably these are control freaks. Their idea, their thought is ‘‘I have got to be in con-trol,’’ so they want to go to a place where no one else will have a gun. They intentionally want to be somewhere where nobody else has a gun. That is their mentality. They want to be in control. It is not uncommon to have happen what happened in Austin, when the bomber there was about to be captured, he took his own life because of the fear they are going to lose control, so they take that one last act of control and kill themselves. So will we save more lives if we let law-abiding people have guns and do what the Obama administration re-fused to do more than any other ad-ministration in modern history, and that is prosecute people who violate the law in trying to obtain a gun ille-gally? I submit to you that the latter is the best way to go. We are better off allowing law-abiding citizens to have the guns just as the Constitution in-tended. Coming back again to John Adams’ quote, we have suffered through a time in American history where people on the far left politically have been say-ing, in essence, there is no real right or wrong. What may be wrong for you may be right for somebody else, so it is all relative. There is no absolute right and wrong. C.S. Lewis pointed out that it is like music. Although some people will come closer to singing the proper note, just because many can’t doesn’t mean that note does not exist. The law does exist, and some will come closer to following the law more easily. The law exists, and it must be en-forced. That is one of the things that has made the United States so success-ful, to become as it was, the greatest country in the history of the world—I would humbly submit, even greater than Solomon’s Israel, because Ameri-cans had more freedoms, more opportu-nities, and more assets. This is the first time that I can find in history, anywhere, anytime, that the number one health problem for a nation’s poor was obesity. That just doesn’t happen through history, but it is happening here in the United States. If you go back to the founding, you had people, most of whom were Chris-tians, but all of whom wanted to have a country where Christians were not persecuted for their Christian beliefs. Now we have had the Christian religion so slandered and defamed that, even by government entities, it has been called a hate group. Evangelical Christians— which just means these are Christians who so love and honor God and believe they are going to Heaven when they die that they want others to have the op-portunity to go to Heaven to be in par-adise with Jesus. Yet in this perverse time, we have people belittling Christi-anity and Christian beliefs like has never happened in the history of this country. I think a majority of Americans be-lieve we have been blessed beyond measure because a majority of Ameri-cans did have an abiding faith in God Almighty, and you had a majority that believed that Jesus was not a liar, that He was not a lunatic, but that He was the Lord just as He said: 
I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one goes to the Father but by Me. 
So a believer in Christianity believes if you don’t believe in Jesus Christ, you can’t go to Heaven. So either Jesus meant what He said and He was the Son of God, or He was a lunatic, because that is a crazy state-ment if it is not true, or He is just a liar, like David Koresh. Yet now the perversion has come and the attack has come that this religion, the one religion that is completely and truly based on love, that God so loved the world He sent His Son, and His Son so loved the world He laid down His life so that anyone who believed in Him could be in paradise in the next life, that is being called a hate religion, and Christians are being persecuted. For the first time in American his-tory, America doesn’t seem to care about Christians being slaughtered and a type of genocide going on in the Mid-dle East of Christians. The prior ad-ministration made very, very clear that their priority was not the Chris-tians who were being slaughtered by the thousands in the Middle East; it was Muslim refugees. And that is why there was such a tiny, tiny percentage of Christian refugees who were allowed into the United States when compared to the percentage of Christians living in the Middle East where the refugees were coming from. It is a sobering time, and it only makes sense that, when we reach a time when Christianity is maligned, defamed, and persecuted, that it is a time the Bible talks about: Right is wrong; wrong is right. Those that try to hold to the right as God gives them to see the right, that, gee, those folks are said to be crazy, and if not crazy, hatemongers. They are not hatemongers. But when we get into that period of time, it made sense. Priorities are completely askew, and the generation in charge thinks of themselves and does not think about what is going to happen to that genera-tion’s children. When one thinks about it, and with the scientific advancements we have, we know that a heart is beating inside that little child in the mother’s loving womb. It is a real person with a beat-ing heart. Janet Porter and others have talked about, with regard to the Heartbeat bill: What happens if you see someone appearing to be unconscious, lying down? You run over and check: Is there a heartbeat? If there is a heart-beat, then you call the ambulance and you do everything you can to save that life. Mr. Speaker, it is a dangerous time, and it is time to become a moral na-tion again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00283 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.071 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2040 March 22, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1865. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforce-ment against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes. H.R. 3731. An act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. f SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2040. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 20, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 2154. To rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Ag-ricultural Research Center. 
N O T I C E Incomplete record of House proceedings. Except for concluding business which follows. The Explanatory Statement regarding House Amendment to the Senate Amendment on H.R. 1625 will be continued in Book II and Book III. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 3 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, March 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 466. An act to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to in-clude additional land in the Kaibab National Forest; with an amendment (Rept. 115–615). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3008. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–616). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Luis V. Gutie ´rrez (Rept. 115–617). Referred to the House Calendar. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Bobby L. Rush (Rept. 115– 618). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DUNN (for himself and Mr. P A-
NETTA ): H.R. 5379. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to update the Biotechnology and Agricul-tural Trade Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 5380. A bill to establish a Commission on Securing our Nation’s Children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. R
OSS): H.R. 5381. A bill to reduce and minimize the credit, guarantee, and insurance risk of all Federal Government programs by trans-ferring such risk to the private sector at market terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. B UCHANAN ): H.R. 5382. A bill to accelerate the income tax benefits for charitable cash contribu-tions for the relief of the families of the slain or injured victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-ida, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. H IMES, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 5383. A bill to prevent the purchase of ammunition by prohibited purchasers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 5384. A bill to establish State-Federal partnerships to provide students the oppor-tunity to attain higher education at in-State public institutions of higher education with-out debt, to provide Federal Pell Grant eligi-bility to DREAMer students, to repeal sus-pension of eligibility under the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 for drug-related offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself and Mr. B
URGESS ): H.R. 5385. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the pro-gram of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5386. A bill to ensure that taxpayers are provided access to case files prior to con-ference with staff of the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 5387. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of clean technology consortia to enhance the economic, environmental, and energy security of the United States by pro-moting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5388. A bill to require certain entities who collect and maintain personal informa-tion of individuals to secure such informa-tion and to provide notice to such individ-uals in the case of a breach of security in-volving such information, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. C ARBAJAL ): H.R. 5389. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that civilian service as a temporary employee after December 31, 1988, may be creditable service under the Federal Employees Retirement System, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00284 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.073 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2041 March 22, 2018 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5390. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to amend the process by which students with certain special cir-cumstances apply for Federal financial aid; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. W
ITT-
MAN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Mr. C
OLE, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. E VANS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
RIST, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. S
IRES): H.R. 5391. A bill to provide for the com-pensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5392. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to enter into memoranda of under-standing with State and local prosecuting authorities concerning the adjudication of criminal offenses committed by minors; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. S
TIVERS , and Mrs. B
EATTY ): H.R. 5393. A bill to reauthorize the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 5394. A bill to amend the reporting re-quirements under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. F ASO, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York): H.R. 5395. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason- Morrow Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. C
APUANO ): H.R. 5396. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow graduate students to exclude tuition reductions from gross in-come; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. H
IMES): H.R. 5397. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish, at the request of an eligible veteran, nursing home care and hos-pital care at State licensed or certified resi-dential care facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. K
INGof New York, and Ms. J AYAPAL ): H.R. 5398. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to increase the age at which a rifle or shotgun may be acquired from a fed-erally licensed firearms dealer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. G
ARRETT , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 5399. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that grants made pursuant to the Urban Area Security Initiative and the State Homeland Security Grant Program may be used to increase the preparedness of high-risk State, local, terri-torial, and tribal governments against weap-ons of mass destruction and biological and chemical attacks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. C
ONAWAY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. F LORES , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 5400. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Education and the Attorney General from encouraging certain policies or agreements between elementary and secondary schools and local law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. H ECK, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. W ILSON of Flor-ida): H.R. 5401. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to require executive agencies to give priority to entities with on-site child care for employees in awarding certain con-tracts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 5402. A bill to require the establish-ment of Federal customer service standards, to improve the service and customer experi-ence provided by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5403. A bill to establish a competitive bidding process for the relocation of the headquarters of Executive agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 5404. A bill to define the dollar as a fixed weight of gold; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5405. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to provide a limited exception to the prohibition on price loss coverage pay-ments or agriculture risk coverage payments when the sum of the base acres on a farm is 10 acres or less; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. SENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 5406. A bill to amend section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, to require that the annual budget submissions of the Presi-dents include the total dollar amount re-quested for intelligence or intelligence re-lated activities of each element of the Gov-ernment engaged in such activities; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. F
LORES , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. D
UNN): H.R. 5407. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop educational materials relating to human trafficking in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Con. Res. 116. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Mr. M
EAD-
OWS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. K
HANNA , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H. Res. 797. A resolution recognizing the contributions of the Montagnard indigenous tribespeople of the Central Highlands of Vietnam to the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam War, and condemning the ongoing violation of human rights by the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CAPUANO: H. Res. 798. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., through the teaching of nonviolence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00285 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MR7.100 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2042 March 22, 2018 
HUFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H. Res. 799. A resolution recognizing March 31 as ‘‘Ce´sar Cha´vez Day’’ in honor of the ac-complishments and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COOPER: H. Res. 800. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire the House to replace the Speaker on the first day of the second session of a Con-gress if the most recent fiscal year ended with a significant Federal budget deficit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. GARRETT: H. Res. 801. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-hibit the consideration of legislation in the House unless the text of the legislation which will be considered has been made pub-licly available in electronic form for a man-datory minimum review period; to the Com-mittee on Rules. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ): H. Res. 802. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Water Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): H. Res. 803. A resolution expressing support for designation of the weeks of March 25, 2018, through April 7, 2018, as National Young Audiences Arts for Learning Weeks; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H. Res. 804. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia should work within the framework of the United Nations process and in good faith with Greece to achieve longstanding United States and United Nations policy goals by finding a mutually acceptable name that must apply for all internal and international uses (erga omnes), for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Ms. G
RANGER ): H. Res. 805. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Public Health Week; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 5379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 5383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes). By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers . . .’’ By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause of Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 5391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of Article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. (14) The Congress shall have the power to make Rules for the Government and Regula-tion of the land and naval Forces. (1) The Congress shall have the power to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 5394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 5395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. 
By Ms. D ELAURO: H.R. 5397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 5398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 3 and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 5399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00286 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MR7.100 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2043 March 22, 2018 
By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 5401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority to offer this bill derives from Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the US Constitution. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 5402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: Necessary and Proper Clause To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 and Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 5404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 303: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 500: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 754: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, and Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 778: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 846: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 881: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 898: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 930: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 1017: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. R OGERS  of Alabama, and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1120: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1136: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 1225: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1318: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1406: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1421: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1439: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1562: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1602: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1612: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1692: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1697: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. H.R. 1818: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1820: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 1825: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee. H.R. 1841: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1861: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 1898: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1903: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1957: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2106: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2135: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2150: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2259: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2345: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 2358: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 2566: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2584: Mrs. L
OVEand Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 2640: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2740: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 2862: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2899: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3207: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 3464: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3513: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 3569: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3654: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 3682: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3738: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 3894: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4016: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 4022: Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4025: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4099: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 4143: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4198: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4240: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 4327: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4392: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4426: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4489: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4509: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4527: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4536: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4548: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4647: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 4659: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4732: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 4737: Ms. SHEA-PORTER . H.R. 4770: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 4811: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 4835: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4854: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 4889: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 4902: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 4943: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 4973: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4989: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4997: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5001: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 5011: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B
EYER , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H
OYER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mrs. T ORRES , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5015: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5076: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5086: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5087: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5096: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5109: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5113: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5141: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 5179: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 5192: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 5199: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5202: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5222: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5244: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5270: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 5310: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5324: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5336: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 5356: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 5357: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 5358: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5359: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5374: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. S
MUCKER . H. Res. 128: Mr. P
AYNE . H. Res. 356: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M OULTON . H. Res. 433: Mrs. L
OVE. H. Res. 673: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 763: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 774: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H. Res. 777: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 786: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. K IND, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , and Mr. E SPAILLAT . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 4760: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00287 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.033 H22MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1885 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 2018 No. 50 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:31 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
OY B
LUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our Father, may life’s seasons teach us that You stand within the shadows keeping watch above Your own. We praise You that You are our refuge and strength, a very present help in turbulent times. Lord, cultivate within our lawmakers the grace of gratitude as they seek to stand for right for the glory of Your Name. May they refrain from hasty speech, as they labor to treat others as they would have others treat them. Empower them to grow in Your grace and in a greater knowledge of Your will and wisdom. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 22, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OYBLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. BLUNT thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday evening, the House filed a land-mark appropriations bill for the re-mainder of fiscal year 2018. Months of in-depth, bicameral, bipartisan nego-tiations and committee work have led us to this point. The result is legisla-tion that neither side sees as perfect but which contains a host of signifi-cant victories and important achieve-ments on behalf of the American peo-ple. First and foremost, in my view, this bill will mark the end of dispropor-tionate and harmful cuts to the De-partment of Defense. It delivers the largest year-on-year increase in de-fense spending in 15 years. These new funding levels will ensure that the training and tools available to our servicemembers remain on the cutting edge, and at long last, veterans will re-ceive more transparent and more ac-cessible care. This has been a top pri-ority, on our side of the aisle espe-cially, to deliver for our men and women in uniform, to deliver for the future of national security. This bill will get it done. Of course, our Armed Forces aren’t the only vital priority this measure will address. It is a victory for families caught in the grip of the opioid epi-demic. This bill scales up research, treatment, and prevention funding and provides for grants to first responders. It will confront the scourge of addic-tion head-on and help save lives. For rural communities, like many in my home State of Kentucky, this is a big deal. The measure is also a victory for safe, reliable, 21st century infrastruc-ture. It will fund long overdue improve-ments to roads, rails, airports, and in-land waterways to ensure that our growing economy has the support sys-tem that it needs. Importantly, the bill will also con-tain a number of provisions to provide more safety for American families. It expands funding for Federal law en-forcement. It allocates new resources to border security and immigration en-forcement, including an important step forward for President Trump’s pro-posed wall. The total miles of new and upgraded walls and barriers funded by this bill exceeds even the administra-tion’s initial request for this fiscal year, and it also provides the necessary funds to keep Guantanamo Bay open and operating. The legislation also delivers for stu-dents and teachers across our Nation, who deserve to learn and work without fear of violence. At the insistence of the Speaker and me, this bill will include two important bipartisan, commonsense measures to address real issues facing the Nation: the Fix NICS bill and the STOP School Violence Act. Thanks to the leadership of Senator H
ATCH , this bill represents a major step forward for school safety. It provides millions of dollars in new funding for early intervention and pre-vention programs to stop school vio-lence before it happens. These grants will include funding for training of stu-dents and school personnel for identi-fying and responding to safety threats, as well as for implementing enhanced technology and equipment to improve school safety. Thanks to the dogged ef-forts of Senator C
ORNYN , the Fix NICS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.000 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1886 March 22, 2018 
provision to repair and improve fire-arm background checks is also in-cluded. Both of these bipartisan accom-plishments are the direct result of tire-less work by those who have been most tragically affected by violence in America’s schools. Here is how Mark Barden, a co-founder of Sandy Hook Promise, de-scribed the school safety provision: ‘‘This legislation will save lives.’’ Likewise, the Parkland, FL, families recently wrote all four congressional leaders to ask that we include these two particular measures in this piece of legislation. I am proud that we could deliver for them and for the safety of schools around our country. Let’s take one more look at just a few of the good things this bill will ac-complish: No. 1, the largest year-on- year funding increase for our warfighters in 15 years; new resources for the fight against opioids and for border security and the President’s wall; major enhancements for law en-forcement and school safety. These provisions and the entirety of this om-nibus represent months of bipartisan work. I look forward to considering it very soon. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, the good news about tax reform continues to sweep across the Nation. But recently, as special bo-nuses, wage increases, and expanded employee benefits continue to make headlines, they have had to share the front page with a series of late winter storms. This prolonged cold weather can mean high heating costs for work-ing families. Fortunately, tax reform has an answer for that as well. Ratepayers in many States are look-ing forward to smaller utility bills, thanks to our country’s new Tax Code. In my home State, the public service commission announced early this week that Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas & Electric will be passing along savings to customers to the tune of a 6- percent decrease in monthly bills. That means real savings for the middle-class families I represent. We have heard a similar story from our neighbors in Indiana. The Northern Indiana Public Service Company re-ports that thanks to tax reform, it will be able to pass $26 million in new sav-ings on to its customers. That is just one of a long list of ways that tax re-form is helping Hoosiers. Pat Williams, who lives in Southern Indiana, recently shared another tax reform success story with my friend, Senator Y
OUNG . Pat’s husband, Jim, works part-time in the U-Haul service center across the river in Louisville. He received a $500 tax reform bonus. Over in Converse, IN, tax reform en-abled the First Farmers Bank & Trust to raise its starting wage for hourly workers, guarantee a year-end bonus for all full-time employees, and an-nounce a big investment in employee development and community pro-grams. My friend, the junior Senator from Indiana, knows the folks at First Farmers. In fact, he was so impressed by their proactive response to the new Tax Code that he invited them to the President’s State of the Union back in January. There aren’t enough seats in the House Gallery for all the American families that tax reform is already helping—not even close. But if there were, I would bet the working families and small businesses from Indiana would come with questions. Why did only one of their Senators vote for these tax savings? Why did their senior Senator vote in lockstep with Demo-crats to block their tax cuts, bonuses, raises, and benefits? Those would be tough questions to answer. Fortu-nately, Republicans stayed focused on empowering the American people. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The majority leader. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 165, S. 1519. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 165, S. 1519, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators be permitted to speak for up to 10 min-utes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
TRIBUTE TO THAD COCHRAN  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have a few items I would like to address this morning, but first I would like to rec-ognize our dear friend from Mississippi, the senior Senator, who will be deliv-ering his farewell speech today. Senator T
HADCOCHRAN has served in this body for decades with a sense of dignity, decorum, and respect for his colleagues. That was always appre-ciated but never confused for lack of fierceness or conviction. When his issues were on the line, Senator COCH-
RAN fought for Mississippi as hard as any Senator. After all, he was first bit-ten by the political bug in his run for head cheerleader at Ole Miss, and he shares that distinction with Trent Lott. So if you want to be a Senator for Mississippi, join the cheerleading squad for Ole Miss. Of course, for New Yorkers, we like Eli Manning too. Sen-ator C
OCHRAN never stopped being a cheerleader for Mississippi. Chairman C
OCHRAN and I certainly had our differences. The chairman once said: 
I don’t call a lot of news conferences. I just don’t see that as a necessary part of my re-sponsibilities. 
Well, we will agree to disagree on that one, but there are many things we have in common, and there is a par-ticular part of his legacy I admire. After Hurricane Katrina buffeted his State, he convinced the recalcitrant lawmakers to deliver aid to the gulf coast—far exceeding the administra-tion’s request—and he did it by work-ing Members on his side of the aisle and across the aisle behind the scenes. That is how he earned the nickname the ‘‘quiet persuader.’’ It is a skill I greatly respect after going through something similar when Hurricane Sandy hit my home State of New York. At the time, Chairman C
OCHRAN was the ranking member on the Appropria-tions Committee. He and his staff were extraordinarily helpful throughout the process. Ultimately, Senator C
OCHRAN  voted for the Sandy relief bill when many of his colleagues opposed it. I will never forget that. Under his stewardship of the Appro-priations Committee, we have just completed the text of an omnibus spending bill, which I will address in a moment. Once the bill passes, it will be a fitting legacy that Senator C
OCHRAN  will retire with another bipartisan ac-complishment under his belt. I wish him and his family the best, and I thank him for his distinguished service to the State of Mississippi, to his beloved country, and to the U.S. Senate. He will be missed in the Sen-ate. 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mr. President, I am pleased to say the four congressional leaders have reached an agreement on the omnibus spending bill that is now public. It didn’t happen until last night. It took a long time. There were painstaking weeks of negotiations, more than a few of which we went past the midnight hour. Before I go further, I want to thank Leader M
CCONNELL , Speaker R
YAN, and their staffs, Leader P ELOSI  and her team, Chairman C
OCHRAN , Vice Chairman L
EAHY , the Appropriations Committee staff, and many others for all the hard work that went into this bill. It certainly doesn’t have everything Democrats want, and it contains a few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.001 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1887 March 22, 2018 
things Democrats aren’t thrilled about. The same is true of our Republican friends. That is true of all com-promises. If each of us stood on our hind legs and said ‘‘If I don’t get every-thing I want, I am voting no,’’ we would be totally paralyzed, and that happens far too often in this body, but on this appropriations bill, this omni-bus, somehow that didn’t happen. There was a remarkable spirit of give- and-take in the room. Overall, we Democrats are very happy with what we have been able to accomplish on a number of very impor-tant priorities to the middle class in America: infrastructure, education, opioid treatment, mental health, childcare. For nearly a decade, the middle class in this country has suf-fered from a needless and self-imposed austerity, limiting investment of all of the things that create good-paying jobs and improve the working conditions of Americans, improve the lives of Ameri-cans. This spending bill, this spending agreement, brings that era of austerity to an unceremonious end and rep-resents one of the most significant in-vestments in the middle class in dec-ades. So many of the middle class are frus-trated, and they don’t know why. Well, one of the reasons is quietly, but unfor-tunately and quite decisively, this Con-gress cut back on the very ladder that helps the middle class climb in edu-cation, in infrastructure, in healthcare. It was cut and cut and cut. The help that the Federal Government has given to the middle class since the progres-sive era of the early 1900s was taken away quietly but decisively. It is back. It is going to help middle-class people stay in the middle class. It is going to help those aspiring to the middle class climb that ladder and get there. It is really a good thing, and I am excited about it. As the Republican leader mentioned, it robustly funds our military, giving our men and women in uniform the re-sources they need; it also improves our ability to respond to wildfires; it makes a critical downpayment on elec-tion security; it provides a reliable pathway for the essential infrastruc-ture projects in our country; and it makes an incremental but important progress on the issue of gun violence— a debate this Congress must resume soon. Again, that era of austerity, which so hurt middle-class Americans, is coming to an unceremonious end because this bill respects one of the most signifi-cant investments in the middle class in decades. For these reasons, I am con-fident this agreement will pass both Houses of Congress; hopefully, with comfortable margins; hopefully, in a bipartisan way. Again, I thank the Republican leader for his part in reaching this agreement, and I look forward to passing this leg-islation as soon as possible. CHINA AND PROTECTING AMERICAN  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  
Mr. President, now on a final issue, while we are talking about agreement and bipartisanship, I don’t agree with President Trump on a whole lot, but today I want to give him a big pat on the back. He is doing the right thing when it comes to China. For many of us, since Senator G
RA-
HAM and I went and visited China over a decade ago, we have watched China rapaciously take advantage of Amer-ica, American jobs, American workers, and America’s intellectual property. China is ruthless in how they go after us. They do it quietly. They do it with a smile. Unfortunately, previous Presi-dents—Democratic and Republican— just stood by as China did what it did to us. President Trump is exactly right when, this afternoon, he will propose a plan designed to punish China for its most flagrant trade abuses. I have called for such action for years and have been disappointed by the in-actions by both President Bush and President Obama. I am very pleased this administration is taking strong action to get a better deal on China be-cause China has stolen and extorted the intellectual property of American companies for years without repercus-sion. Our intellectual property is our fam-ily jewel. The American way of open-ness, of thinking, of debate has created the kind of place where great thinkers come, think of great ideas, and those ideas are often translated into millions of middle-class, good-paying jobs. China knows this, but China is not a free and open society. To achieve the kind of gains and advancements in technology, in biomedical science, and so many other things, they have to steal what we do sometimes by buying our companies, sometimes by cyber theft, sometimes by just these joint ventures, and they tell American firms: You can only come to China if you give away your intellectual property. China is taking huge advantage of us. Intellectual property is the lifeblood of emerging industries and the good- paying jobs they provide. The Amer-ican advantage of intellectual property is one of the main things that will keep us No. 1 economically in this century but not if we allow it to be stolen and taken advantage of, and the country that does that more than any other is China. As I said, intellectual property is the lifeblood of emerging industries and the good-paying jobs they provide, so it is impossible to overstate the cost of IP theft to our economy and our work-ers. This sentence pains me, and I think about it often: GEN Keith Alex-ander, a four-star general, nonpolitical, was in charge of cyber security in America, and here is what he said: Chi-na’s theft of our intellectual property is ‘‘the greatest transfer of wealth in history.’’ We are letting them do it. The crown jewel of America, our free and open society that allows great thinkers to create great ideas and products, they steal it, and we do noth-ing. It is one of the things that aggra-vates me more than most others. Fi-nally, President Trump is doing some-thing, unlike his predecessors, so I commend him. The WTO—they have been grossly in-adequate for this problem. We cannot continue to ignore flagrant cheating by China, whether WTO likes it or not. So the administration’s announcement today is a leap forward. If this new push is going to be successful, we need our allies to work with us—Germany, Italy, France, Britain, open and free societies, unlike China. They know their stuff is being stolen too. Join with us. If we are a united, strong front against Chinese activities on intellec-tual property, we can force them to change their ways, but they will not do it by persuasion; they will not do it by smiling; and, frankly, they will not do it by diplomacy when some of our dip-lomats come in and say: We need China for this thing; ignore the economic theft; ignore the economic disadvan-tage. So I support what the President is doing. When it came to the tariffs on steel and aluminum, I supported the thrust, I supported the President’s instinct, but it wasn’t focused enough on China and hurt too many of our other allies, like Canada, where we have a trade surplus. I hope the President corrects his thinking on that, but, here, this is aimed at China and one of the ways China hurts us the very most. It is smart. It is good. I salute our Trade Rep Lighthizer for pushing this issue; I salute our Commerce Secretary Ross for pushing this issue. By the way, to help support the ad-ministration’s efforts to crack down on China, we will fully fund the USTR’s trade enforcement fund at $15 million in the omnibus. So let’s make sure China starts playing by the rules, and intellectual property is certainly at the top of the list. Today’s announce-ment by the President will be a great start in that direction. Democrats, Re-publicans, Americans of every ideology and every region of the country should support these actions. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Tennessee. 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I rise today to speak about the omnibus bill that we are going to be voting on either later today or tomorrow. I came to the Senate almost 12 years ago. I have 9 months left in my term. I told folks back home that I couldn’t imagine serving more than two terms. Yet it has been an incredible privilege to be here. When I ran, I ran concerned about our Nation’s fiscal issues, and I ran on the combination of pro-growth tax reform and entitlement reform and dealing with the tremendous deficits that our country has. I really thought we would do something about it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.004 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1888 March 22, 2018 
We had the financial crisis that took place back in 2007, 2008, 2009—building in 2007 and occurred in 2008. We dealt with much of it over 2009. I remember talking to people around our country not just about the financial crisis but about the tremendous deficits that our Nation was creating. I was still hopeful in my first term that we would rise to the occasion and actually deal with the fiscal issues that are going to haunt these young people who are our pages sitting before me. We have $21 trillion in debt today and over $100 trillion in unfunded liabilities with our long-term programs, our mandatory spending pro-grams. So during that period of time, near the end of my first term, I kept saying to people around the country: There is no question that the Senate and the House, with leadership from the executive branch, will deal with this fiscal issue. I am convinced today that that is not going to happen until there is a crisis in our Nation. Let me say it one more time. Without extreme leadership at the very top, I do not think we will deal with this issue until there is a cri-sis, because I just don’t see the will here to do the things that need to be done. During December we had a debate on the pro-growth tax reform side of this, and I think it is well documented that I had concerns about it. As a matter of fact, when the bill came through the Senate, I voted against it. I continued to work with some of my counterparts on the Democratic side—C
HRIS COONS  and others—and the White House, to see if there was some way to poten-tially alter the bill so that if growth projections didn’t achieve what we thought they might be, we had some way of ensuring that we would not have deficits. At the end of the day, when it came to the floor, I supported it—pro-growth tax reform, again, being one of those things that I ran on back in 2006. What concerns me is that today, or maybe tomorrow, we have a 2,232-page omnibus bill before us that sets a base in spending that will be about $2 tril-lion in deficit spending over the next 10 years. By the way, that doesn’t include some of the supplemental items. I am talking about just the baseline in spending. I think everyone knows that, like the Presiding Officer, I am a very strong supporter of our men and women in uniform. No doubt we all understand that the defense numbers in this bill are way beyond even what the execu-tive branch asked for. Somehow, in these negotiations, we have ended up, over a 2-year period, with an average increase in base spending of about $150 billion. When you multiply that times 10, that is $1.5 trillion. We know there are going to be increases over that 10- year period. Then, if you look at the interest on the debt that it is going to create, we are voting on a bill tonight or tomorrow that is going to add— there is no question—a minimum of $2 trillion in deficits over the next 10 years. What was fascinating during the month of December, when we were dealing—let me stop for a second. Let me just say this. There are a lot of discussions about the fact that maybe the Republican Party has lost its soul. There is a lot of discussion about that around the country—that maybe the Republican Party has lost its soul. I will say that for the Republican Party to have the Presidency, for the Republican Party to have the Senate, and for the Republican Party to have the House of Representatives, and for us to be passing a bill today—obvi-ously, it couldn’t happen without us; we control the agenda here—for us to be in this situation where we are get-ting ready to pass a bill that adds $2 trillion in deficits over the next 10 years, or sets the stage for that by passing the first 2 years with a huge in-crease in base spending with no offsets to speak of, does have to be a wake-up call for people as for whether that is the case. I can’t imagine, for instance, had the 2016 election gone a different way and we had a Democratic President and we controlled the House and Senate, our being in a situation where we would vote tonight or tomorrow for a bill that is going to add $2 trillion in debt without offsets. As a matter of fact, I can just tell my colleagues, absolutely, that would not be the case. So here we are. There are going to be all kinds of things in this bill that peo-ple don’t even know about. It is just human nature. When you have the pen in your hand and you are working in a back room some place—and I don’t criticize back rooms; that is how these bills get written—people do things that benefit themselves. They just do. That is the way it works. I don’t even want to speak to that. That will be some-thing I hope the media will speak to over the next two or three weeks, when we find, in these 2,232 pages that no one has read, the things in this bill that are going to be egregious to the Amer-ican people—highly egregious. I hope people will find them. I hope the media will report them. I know they are in there. I just don’t know what they are yet because the bill has just been produced. That is of concern. What is of grave concern to me is that we have made no attempt whatso-ever to create any kind of offsets and no attempt whatsoever to try to solve our fiscal issues. Together, Republicans and Democrats are running off a cliff and passing a bill. Now, let me speak to Democrats. I am criticizing Republicans, as I should, with this piece of legislation, when we control the executive branch, we con-trol both Houses of Congress, and we are getting ready to pass a bill that will add $2 trillion for these young peo-ple to pay for down the road, which will compound, compound, compound. We have $21 trillion in debt today, not to speak of the $100 trillion of unfunded liabilities. My Democrat friends, raised unmiti-gated H-E-L-L over the tax bill that was potentially going to create some deficits if growth projections didn’t occur. I have not heard a word from them—not a word, not a word—about the fact that there is no question that we are adding $2 trillion in debt here— no question. This is money gone, down the tube, out the door, and no way to pay for it. I haven’t heard a word from them—not a word. My friends in the media were beside themselves—beside themselves—in December. I mean, the world was going to come to an end if the growth projections that were laid out didn’t occur, and the deficits that might be created by this tax bill if we didn’t have the growth projections. They were just beside themselves. I have not heard a word from them. It is amazing. Somehow or another, spend-ing more money than we have is dif-ferent than hoping to create pro- growth tax reform. So let me just say this. I am opti-mistic about our future. I see young people around our country who are just so impressive. I go to schools. I go to colleges. I see people in townhall meet-ings, in restaurants, at the grocery store and in other places, and I could not be more upbeat about the genera-tion of people coming after us—who care about others, who care about the future, and who are engaged in issues. We will have a big crowd up here this weekend, caring about a particular issue that they should care about. But I could not be more discouraged about where we are today with our adult leadership here in Congress and at the White House. This is one of the most grotesque pieces of legislation I can remember. One of the best votes I ever made was the Budget Control Act. It was criti-cized, but it kept domestic and discre-tionary spending on a level. We should have done the rest of it. The rest of it was people getting together to solve our long-term problems. That didn’t happen. We created sequester, and I know that has built some of the pres-sure that leads us to where this bill is today. This is a grotesque piece of legisla-tion—grotesque—that we would pass a piece of legislation that would set the standard for $2 trillion in deficit spend-ing not offset. I am discouraged. I am discouraged about where we are today. I am dis-couraged about the fact that we con-tinue to be engaged in generational theft—my generation. We will not deal with mandatory spending—mandatory spending that benefits my generation. To these young people sitting in front of me, we are en-gaged right now in generational theft because we are transferring from you to us your future resources, because we don’t have the courage or the will to deal with issues. By the way, unfortunately, the American people are not there. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.005 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1889 March 22, 2018 
American people do not care about this issue because we are living fat and happy today and because the crisis has not yet occurred and because we can slough it off on you and keep ourselves from making these tough decisions. By the way, these tough decisions play themselves out in the polls be-cause people get angry about the fact that we need to be responsible and that we need to make sure that you guys are not going to pay these huge tabs. By the way, your standard of living, when we pass this bill, will be dimin-ished. When you go on to college and graduate and start working in your job, just know that what we are getting ready to do tonight or tomorrow is going to diminish your standard of liv-ing, because we are going to pass a huge bill, unpaid for, that you are going to pay for and your children are going to pay for. That is what we are doing. That is what we are doing because we don’t have the will as a body to say: OK, if we are going to spend this addi-tional money, what is it that we are going to cut over here? What are we going to do relative to the fact that right now Medicare recipients take about three times out of the program what they put in. What are we going to do about that? Well, see, we are going to do nothing about it because that is unpopular, and people don’t want to hear the truth about these things. Instead, what they would rather do is say: Well, let’s worry about that down the road. But let me tell you who is going to be worrying about it. You are going to be worrying about it. I know you have seen some out-standing people. I serve with out-standing people in this body. I really do. They are intelligent, hard-working people. I really do. It has been a great privilege. But what you are going to see tonight and tomorrow is a bunch of hard-working people pass a piece of legislation that is going to make your lives and your kids’ lives worse. I will not support this piece of legis-lation. I know it is going to pass over-whelmingly because there is too much in it to make people happy for the mo-ment. But let me just say that down the road the American people are going to be very unhappy with our lack of re-sponsibility. Not only do I question the soul of my own party, I question the soul of the other party, and I wonder where the media is and why they are not out cry-ing over what we are getting ready to do. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I use the term loosely, but last Saturday, the 17th of March, was one of the high holy days in Chicago—St. Patrick’s Day. They color the Chicago River green. Everybody wears green. There are great parades, great celebrations. I look forward to it each year—going back to my parish, Old St. Pat’s, for mass and celebration and having a wonderful day of a lot of good feelings. During the course of the St. Pat-rick’s Day Parade, I walked along with various groups who were going to march and came upon the Chicago Po-lice Department’s bagpipe and drum band. I noticed that the banner they were carrying for the day was in honor of a wonderful man by the name of Commander Paul Bauer. Paul Bauer, a commander of the Chi-cago police force, was downtown in the Loop of Chicago on February 13. He was attending an important meeting, and he heard over his radio that a fugi-tive was trying to escape. He dropped what he was doing, joined in, and par-ticipated in trying to catch this fugi-tive. He was cornered in the stairwell by this man and shot dead. The man who shot him got off six rounds and killed this wonderful man who had served not only the city of Chicago but our Nation in his role with law enforce-ment. He left behind a young wife and beautiful teenage daughter. He was from the Bridgeport community of Chi-cago, and when his funeral was held, massive crowds showed up, people pay-ing tribute to Paul Bauer. The reason I raise that is because they traced the gun that was used to kill this brave policeman. It was a gun that was originally sold legally through a federally licensed dealer in Madison, WI, and then the person who purchased it sold it, without a back-ground check, to a member of his gun club. We don’t know whether that per-son was disqualified, under the law, from owning a handgun, but we do know that the next purchase was the purchase that made a difference. That person decided to sell the gun on the internet, with no background check, and ended up selling it to a convicted felon—a person disqualified, under the laws of this country, from owning a gun. That is when that handgun got into the world of crime. It was used in the commission of a crime months be-fore the shooting of Commander Bauer, and it was used to kill him on that day, February 13. The reason I raise that is we know what we need to do. We need universal background checks—no ifs, ands, or buts about it. Whether selling to a per-son at a gun show or over the internet, there ought to be a background check. There is no excuse for selling a gun le-gally in the United States to someone who is prohibited by our laws from owning it—none. That is what hap-pened. That is why that wonderful man, that brave policeman, lost his life. The reason I raise that is we have a bill before us now. It is an Omnibus ap-propriations bill, and it includes some provisions about gun safety. They are good. I don’t argue with them. One is called Fix NICS—try to make sure more information is put into the back-ground check system. There is another one related to school violence, which provides grants to schools to make them safer and such. I have no objec-tion whatsoever. But we are not get-ting to the heart of the issue. This is the heart of the issue: We have a Second Amendment that gives rights to Americans to legally own guns and use them responsibly, and the Supreme Court has made clear that we can draw clear lines as to what is per-missible in that gun ownership and gun usage. We can draw lines that say: Yes, if you have been convicted of a felony, you cannot own a gun. You cannot as-sert a Second Amendment right. You have disqualified yourself. We can say: If you are mentally unstable, you can’t legally own a gun in America. You can’t assert Second Amendment rights in that circumstance. We can put pro-visions in the law relating to the type of gun that you own, how old you have to be to buy that gun, what kind of background check takes place. But none of that—none of that—is included in this omnibus bill. My fear is that many Members of Congress will say: Well, we got a lot of contacts after the Parkland, FL, situa-tion, and met with a lot of people. Now we have taken care of our constitu-tional obligation with the provisions in this omnibus bill. It will be a sad day if that is the case because what we have done in this om-nibus bill would not have stopped that killer from taking the life of Com-mander Paul Bauer—not at all. So as far as I am concerned, we have fallen far short from where we need to be when it comes to gun safety. Something is about to happen this Saturday, a week after our St. Pat-rick’s Day Parade. There are going to be marches and parades across the United States on March 24. Tens of thousands of students and their sup-porters are going to march right here in Washington, in Chicago, where I will join them, and in cities and towns all across America, including Springfield, IL. They will march to urge law-makers—like me—to finally pass meaningful gun reforms that help keep our children safe and our communities safe. There are things that happen in our personal lives that we bring to our pro-fessional lives, and I will share one of them with you. After the terrible shooting that oc-curred in Florida, my daughter, who lives in Brooklyn, NY, was talking to her daughter, my little granddaughter, a first grader. Her daughter, that first grader, said: Mom, the teacher told us that if there is a shooter in our school, stay away from the windows and get down on the floor. In first grade, they are being warned about shooters coming into their class-room. Who would have dreamed that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.006 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1890 March 22, 2018 
America would reach this point? It has. Who would possibly argue that the Sec-ond Amendment envisioned that possi-bility, that we would arm teachers so we could have some sort of a shootout in a first grade classroom anywhere in this country? The marches that will take place on Saturday are a sign that perhaps America has reached a tipping point on gun safety. The fact that a majority of gun owners have stepped up and said that we should have universal back-ground checks is an indication that we are reaching that point. The younger generation is standing up, speaking out, and, frankly, confronting us— those of us who are in positions of power, elected office—confronting us to do something and stop talking about it. These young people are tired of living in fear, as are many students across this country. They are fed up with the status quo, in which hundreds of Amer-icans are getting shot every day while politicians sit on their hands in fear of the gun lobby and the National Rifle Association. I don’t care what my scorecard is with the National Rifle Association. I know, incidentally, it is a failing grade, which I wear with pride. I don’t care about my scorecard there. I care about my scorecard with the people I represent in Illinois, and I particularly care about the students and the par-ents who are worried about whether the school for their kids will be the next site of gun violence. These young people who are going to march on Saturday are fed up with lawmakers who ignore the over-whelming majority of Americans who want to close loopholes in the back-ground check system. Through their powerful advocacy and eloquence, these juniors and seniors in high school are already bringing about change. Listen to what businesses across the country are doing. They are distancing themselves from the National Rifle As-sociation. It is no longer considered just another political organization. They are voluntarily changing their business practices so they don’t give a break to a gun lobby that will not give a break to honest Americans who want to be safe in their homes and schools. The students from Parkland, FL, have helped these businesses recognize that they need to be part of this effort. We are seeing new gun safety reforms passed in State legislatures—not so much here in Washington but in States like Florida that have a long tradition of voting the other way on gun issues. Unfortunately, the Republicans, who control the House, the Senate, and the White House, still haven’t gotten the message. What we have included in this omnibus bill is weak soup; 17 lives in Parkland, FL, are worth more than what we are putting in this bill. Even after Parkland, after all of the lives that have been lost to violence, even as the school shootings continue, includ-ing a shooting in a Maryland high school this week, President Trump and the Republican majority of Congress are still unwilling to push for universal background checks and an end to high- capacity magazines and assault weap-ons. There were modest measures in-cluded in this bill. Is that all we get? Is that it? Is that the end of the national debate on gun safety for another 5, 6, or 8 years? There is important language that I included in the defense portion of the bill, directing the Department of De-fense to not only submit all its rel-evant records for NICS background checks but also to flag and prevalidate the records that would prohibit a per-son from buying a gun. It is a step in the right direction. It is necessary, but it is not sufficient to really make a dif-ference when it comes to gun safety. The prevalidation and flagging are important for the FBI to help us and will help them quickly confirm wheth-er a person should be blocked from a gun sale. But let’s be honest; this om-nibus bill that we are considering today and tomorrow doesn’t address the fundamental challenges our Nation faces when it comes to gun violence. It takes a pass. It is time for Congress to start con-sidering legislation on gun violence that the gun lobby might not like. We can’t let the National Rifle Association have veto power over gun policy in this Nation. Politicians need to recognize the obvious. The gun lobby is increas-ingly angry, sometimes paranoid, often isolated in its political positions. It no longer speaks for the majority of peo-ple who own guns responsibly in Amer-ica. Remember, the gun lobby cares about one thing more than anything: selling firearms. It is all about the business side of the ledger—the bottom-line profit margin. Violence prevention is not the focus of the gun lobby’s agenda. In fact, the gun lobby usually opposes violence pre-vention legislation just in case it might hurt gun sales. It has reached the point where the NRA endorsement of gun reform proposal is typically a sign that the proposal is not meaning-ful. We can’t settle for the status quo anymore. We are facing a public health crisis of gun violence, and half-hearted measures are not enough. We need to fight for meaningful gun safety re-forms. We need to call up measures like universal background checks and ending high-capacity magazines. Tell me why a person who owns a firearm, whether it is handgun or a semiautomatic weapon, needs to have a high-capacity magazine so that they can fire 30 or 60 rounds at a time. Tell me why. You might need that if you are in the military. You might need it when it comes to police work and keep-ing our communities safe. There could be circumstances where they are need-ed, but why would an individual citizen need the capacity to fire 30 or 60 rounds at one time? Those are the clips that are being used, incidentally, by these shooters. Those are the clips that are being used for mass killing in America. Those clips do one thing: They take human lives. It is not a question of sport or hunting or target practice. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has used 10 minutes. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 3 addi-tional minutes, if the Senator from Utah will give me that opportunity. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Let me close by saying, on March 24, students and Americans of all ages will march in the streets to honor those who have been lost to senseless gun violence and to call on their elected representatives to step up. I support the marchers. I will con-tinue to work for meaningful action to help reduce gun violence. I am going to keep doing everything I can to put the safety of our kids and our neighbor-hoods ahead of the gun lobby’s agenda. I don’t have any obligation to the National Rifle Association whatsoever, but I do have an obligation to a grand-daughter living in Brooklyn, NY, in the first grade, who has been warned about what to do if a shooter comes into her classroom. I hope my colleagues from across the aisle will join me. It is time to take a stand and show leadership. America is waiting. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
NOMINATION OF RYAN NELSON  
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I wish to speak for a few minutes about Ryan Nelson, who has been nominated by the President to serve as the Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. Ryan is a fantastic choice for this position at Interior. As a native and current resi-dent of Idaho Falls, he is a fellow west-erner who understands the issues con-fronting the West, confronting the re-gion, confronting the entire country as it relates to the U.S. Department of the Interior. Ryan would not just work on behalf of the West. I know he is someone who is going to serve honorably on behalf of the American people as a whole. In order to do that, he first has to be con-firmed. By my count, it has been 232 days since Ryan Nelson was nominated. There should be no further delays. The American people deserve to have quali-fied professionals in the executive branch, and Mr. Nelson is qualified, to put it very mildly. He is someone who has worked in notable posts of respon-sibility in all three branches of govern-ment. During the George W. Bush adminis-tration, Ryan worked as Deputy Assist-ant Attorney General in the Depart-ment of Justice’s Environment and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.007 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1891 March 22, 2018 
Natural Resources division. In that po-sition, he personally argued 13 appel-late cases. He also oversaw 700 attor-neys and staff, who touched on all as-pects of energy and environmental issues within the Department of Jus-tice. Later, Ryan worked in the White House as deputy general counsel for the OMB and as special counsel to then-Senator Jeff Sessions. That is just his experience in government. Ryan has acquired senior manage-ment experience in the private sector as well. For the past 8 years, he has worked as general counsel for Melaleuca, which is a very successful billion-dollar Idaho business. Ryan does not just know what it is like to work in government, what it is like to work in Washington. He knows that, but he also understands the chal-lenges that businesses and workers face in the modern world. I have known Ryan for many years. Ryan and I got to know each other while we were both in law school at BYU. I got to know Ryan and his wife Barbara, who have 7 lovely children. After law school, I ended up recruiting him to work at the law firm where I was then employed, Sidley Austin. After pulling all-nighters alongside Ryan, I can confirm what nearly 50 of his former colleagues wrote about him in a recent letter of support: He is an excellent choice to serve as solicitor. Ryan has outstanding analytical skills, and he pays immense attention to details. These are qualities that will serve him well as the Department of Interior’s top lawyer. As you know, this administration has made it a priority to repair the rela-tionship between the Federal Govern-ment and the Western States, where the Federal Government owns so much land. Too many workers in the West still don’t feel as though they are treated fairly by their government. We can help restore that trust by con-firming impartial, well-qualified nomi-nees. Ryan Nelson is such a nominee. We need him at the U.S. Department of the Interior. The Interior Department needs to have a Solicitor. Ryan Nelson is an ex-ceptionally qualified nominee for that position. Let’s confirm Ryan Nelson today. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I rise to mention one piece of legislative business and then will pay tribute to the senior Senator from Mississippi, Senator T
HADCOCHRAN . Last night, the Appropriations Com-mittee, which Senator C
OCHRAN chairs, released the 2018 Omnibus appropria-tions bill. It includes a proposal that I feel very strongly about, and I am grateful to him and all of our col-leagues for their support. I particularly want to acknowledge the advocacy of the majority leader, MITCH MCCON-
NELL , to make sure this provision is in-cluded in the omnibus bill. The House will soon vote on the omnibus, and then I hope we can quickly follow suit here in the Senate. The provision I am referring to is, in shorthand, called Fix NICS. NICS, of course, is the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System. I think it is a reasoned and reasonable re-sponse to the shootings that have, ap-pallingly, occurred in our schools, our churches, and in our public spaces. Just this last week, a gunman opened fire at a high school in Maryland, not far from here, and, of course, shootings have occurred in Florida, Texas, Ne-vada, Charleston, SC, and elsewhere. Our constituents are frustrated, fright-ened, and fed up. They want us to do something. More importantly than that, they want us to do something that will be effective and save lives. I am happy to say the Fix NICS bill fits that description. People who haven’t been active on this issue now are raising their voices and demanding that they be heard. Students are worried, understandably, and parents of students are worried. They simply don’t want what happened in Parkland, FL, to occur to them. We need to listen to all of these voices, in-cluding to these students, who obvi-ously will shape our Nation’s future. They don’t want to go to school and wonder whether bullets will rain down their hallways or whether their friends might be the next victims. In a recent interview, one teenager said something that was trite but true. She said: ‘‘Guns are not the problem. The people are the problem.’’ I happen to agree with that. One question about school shooters is, How did they get to the point at which they thought that shooting up public places was what they really wanted to do? How did they justify it in their own minds, as warped as that might be? Also, what is it about our culture, their home environments, or their mental states that allows them to rationalize violence that does such tremendous harm? How does slaugh-ter—because that is what it really is— become justified in their warped per-spectives? I admit that those are tough questions to answer, and they are tough to even ponder, but we still can and have to do what is possible to pro-tect our schools, our churches, parents, teachers, and our children. Recently, 13 families from Parkland, FL, wrote in support of this particular legislation—legislation that would im-prove school safety, that has been sponsored by our colleague, the senior Senator from Utah. Senator H
ATCH ’s bill would fund the creation of and pro-vide training for threat assessment teams—in other words, to evaluate be-forehand where people are vulnerable. It includes security measures and anonymous reporting systems. This bill is widely supported and shows that even on a divisive issue, there is plenty of room for common ground. In that same letter, the 13 Parkland families said they supported Senator HATCH ’s school safety measures. They also expressed support for the Fix NICS bill, which they said is desperately needed to improve compliance with firearms purchasing background check systems. A recent Gallup Poll showed that the public broadly supports proposals like Fix NICS. More than 9 in 10 see the im-portance of background checks. Over the last few weeks, there has been a true groundswell of support for this bill that I and the junior Senator from Connecticut, Mr. M
URPHY , co-sponsored. The supporters now include not only victims’ rights advocates, gun violence prevention groups, and pros-ecutors, but also the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, the Major County Sheriffs of America, as well as other law enforcement groups. All of these organizations have endorsed Fix NICS and signed a letter that asks that the majority and minor-ity leaders put this measure to a vote. Now, in its having been included in the Omnibus appropriations bill, we will fi-nally have a chance to do that—first in the House and then in the Senate. These organizations and the general public agree that fixing our back-ground check system should be a na-tional priority and that we should bet-ter ensure that convicted criminals with past histories of violence and mental illness do not purchase or pos-sess firearms, as the law currently in effect provides. They see merit in try-ing to fix our system that currently has allowed these same people to slip through the cracks and purchase fire-arms in order to kill innocent people, like the 26 who were gunned down in-side the First Baptist Church in Suth-erland Springs, TX, just outside of San Antonio. Some have said that Fix NICS doesn’t go far enough, that it is a mod-est measure. I have to question that sort of description. Is it really a mod-est measure if it will, in fact, save lives? I think not. It is a necessary measure and one that brings people to-gether across the political spectrum, Republicans and Democrats alike. Even if Fix NICS were to save just one life, that would be reason enough to enact it, but I think that is unlikely. I think it will save many lives once it is en-acted into law and signed by the Presi-dent. We have 78 cosponsors of this legisla-tion. I can’t think of another piece of legislation that has enjoyed such broad bipartisan support, including by the majority leader and the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER . In today’s hyperpolarized environment, that kind of support speaks for itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.009 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1892 March 22, 2018 
I look forward to its passing in the House as part of the funding bill, and I hope the Senate will do the same be-fore the end of the week. 
TRIBUTE TO THAD COCHRAN  
Madam President, I close by saying a few words about our friend and trusted colleague, the senior Senator from Mis-sissippi, T
HAD COCHRAN , who has an-nounced his retirement from the Sen-ate. I know the real tributes are about to kick off in a minute when the ma-jority leader comes out, but since I am up here, I thought I would take the op-portunity to say a few words. Senator C
OCHRAN has represented the State of Mississippi in the U.S. Senate since 1978. He is one of the longest serv-ing Members of Congress in the history of the United States. His career and his life speak for themselves. He is the son of a school principal and math teacher. Not surprisingly, he was a gifted high school athlete. He is a piano player and a former college yell leader. Yes, even like me, he is a recovering lawyer, but we will not hold that against him. Before he joined Congress, he served in the U.S. Navy because he loves this country and the opportunities it has afforded him and his family. He is a man with a strong sense of duty and gratitude for the opportunities he has been given in life. After ROTC at the University of Mississippi, he received orders to join the USS Macon, and after that he joined the staff of the Navy commandant in New Orleans. Later, he ran for public office. He first served in the House of Representatives. He then, of course, came here to the Senate, where he quickly established himself as a cordial but formidable presence. Before I came to the Senate, Senator C
OCHRAN was chairman of the Senate Republican Conference. He has chaired the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee too. Most re-cently, he has alternated between serv-ing as ranking member and chairman of the all-powerful Appropriations Committee. Throughout his 45 years in Congress, he has participated in crafting and en-acting historic legislation, but his main focus has always been on the peo-ple of Mississippi. His highest priority has always been on the men and women he was elected to represent in places like Jackson, Gulfport, Greenville, Starkville, and Hattiesburg. One exam-ple is when he fought so hard for recov-ery funding after Hurricane Katrina had destroyed large swaths of the southern part of Mississippi. Many peo-ple forget that that awful storm was much bigger than New Orleans’. Mis-sissippi was hit almost equally as hard, and Senator C
OCHRAN made sure his State got the help it needed to get back on its feet. His storied career is one of service and collegiality even amidst the frac-tious debates. He treats friends and po-litical adversaries with respect. He lis-tens to what people have to say. We need more people like that in public life. The majority leader has called him the ‘‘quiet persuader,’’ one who knows ‘‘there’s a big difference between mak-ing a fuss and making a difference.’’ Judge E. Grady Jolly, of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, who has known Senator COCHRAN as long as anyone, said that back home, he is known for his ‘‘modesty and his retiring nature’’—not attributes you would normally associate with some-body in politics, but he is a class act. He is also known for the consistent at-tention he has paid to the Mississippi Delta—one of the poorest regions in the Nation’s poorest State. The judge calls Senator C
OCHRAN the ‘‘ultimate model of sincerity,’’ one who ‘‘never engages in ad hominem or personal at-tacks’’ and always ‘‘keeps a sense of humor about himself.’’ My office spoke to one Mississippi resident this week because we wanted to learn a little bit more about what Senator C
OCHRAN has meant to her. That woman, who had met Senator C
OCHRAN only a handful of times, said she had always respected and admired Senator C
OCHRAN ’s statesmanship and the dignity with which he represented Mississippi. Her comments are a good note to end on—statesmanship and dig-nity. Those traits never go out of style. I know I speak for my other col-leagues—and they will speak for them-selves—when we all say thank you to T
HAD COCHRAN for setting a higher standard for the Members of this body. The U.S. Senate will not be the same without him. 
f 
KENNEDY-KING NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE ACT Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4851, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4851) to establish the Kennedy- King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Young amendment at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2215) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike a provision relating to a special resource study) In section 3, strike subsection (d). 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 4851), as amended, was passed. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. TRIBUTES TO THAD COCHRAN  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I rise to say a word about my friend T
HAD COCHRAN , who is retiring from the U.S. Senate. In 1968, I had the job of recruiting State chairman for Citizens for Nixon- Agnew. I was a very young, wet-behind- the-ears former legislative assistant to Senator Howard Baker. We were work-ing in the Willard Hotel in the fall of 1968. The idea was to try to find out-standing citizens who weren’t nec-essarily Republicans because in the southern part of our country, there weren’t a lot of Republicans, especially in the State of Mississippi. So I called around the State of Mis-sissippi to find out who might be will-ing to head up this Nixon-Agnew cam-paign. Everybody I called said: Well, there are two young men here who are just the most outstanding young men, both are cheerleaders at Ole Miss, or had been, and both are going to grow up to be the Governor of Mississippi, which was, at that time, I guess, the nicest thing one could say about some aspiring young man because nobody thought the two U.S. Senators, East-land and Stennis, would ever retire. So growing up to be the Governor of Mis-sissippi was really a great compliment to a young man in Mississippi at the time. One of those young men was named Trent Lott, and one of those young men was named T
HADCOCHRAN . I telephoned T
HADCOCHRAN , and I in-vited him to become chairman of the Citizens for Nixon-Agnew. He was a Democrat, but he agreed to do that. We met in October of that year in Indian-apolis. The mayor of Indianapolis then was Richard Lugar, a young mayor at that time and later a Member of this body. That was the beginning of T
HAD C
OCHRAN ’s Republican Party activity. He and that other young man—who were so promising—both ran for U.S. Congress in 1972, and to the surprise of a great many people, they were elected, the first Republicans since Reconstruc-tion, I suppose, from Mississippi—T
HAD C
OCHRAN and Trent Lott. In 1978, T
HADCOCHRAN did something nobody had done from his State since the Reconstruction; he became a Re-publican who was elected to the U.S. Senate, and he has been here ever since. The reason he was able to be success-ful is not surprising. T
HAD was and is an engaging, pleasant person. His par-ents were educators. He learned to play the piano. He was a terrific baseball player—good enough to play profes-sional baseball. He joined the Navy. He was, in every respect, an outstanding young man, just as he has been a dis-tinguished public servant throughout his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.010 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1893 March 22, 2018 
He has been widely respected here by his colleagues, elected to be chairman of the Republican conference, and most recently he has been chairman of the Appropriations Committee, which is as important as any position in this body. In an era where not everybody seems to think it is important to act like a gentleman, T
HAD COCHRAN is a gen-tleman, and we respect that and the ex-ample he has set. So he has been a pioneer for the Re-publican Party, he has been a good ex-ample for young people, and for all of us, really, in terms of what we should expect and try to emulate in public life, and, to me, he has been a great friend. So my wife Honey and I would like to say to him and to Kay, his wife, that we respect him, we look forward to the next chapter in his life, and we honor his service to this country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I, too, wish to join my colleagues in a tribute to our retiring statesman, Sen-ator T
HADCOCHRAN . First of all, I have been asked by Phyllis J. Anderson, Tribal Chief of the Mississippi Band of Chocktaw Indians, to have printed in the R
ECORD a procla-mation that was adopted only recently about Senator C
OCHRAN in appreciation for his 46 years of public service as a Member of the House and of the Sen-ate, and I ask unanimous consent that the proclamation be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MISSISSIPPI BAND OF CHOCTAW INDIANS  
A TRIBAL PROCLAMATION IN RECOGNITION AND  
APPRECIATION OF THE HONORABLE THAD  
COCHRAN —MARCH 2018  WHEREAS, the Mississippi Band of Choc-taw Indians recognizes and honors The Hon-orable Thad Cochran for his 46 years of dedi-cated public service as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives and distinguished U.S. Senator representing the State of Mis-sissippi, including Choctaw citizens of our great Tribe; and, WHEREAS, Senator Cochran has faithfully served, as both Chairman and Member, on Committees important to Mississippi and to the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians, in-cluding the Committees on Appropriations, Indian Affairs, Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Judiciary, Rules and Administra-tion, Ethics and the Labor and Human Re-sources; and, WHEREAS, Senator Cochran has achieved a wide-ranging legislative record and valu-able legacy that reflects the needs of Mis-sissippi, the Mississippi Band of Choctaw In-dians, and the nation. WHEREAS, Senator Cochran’s work has helped to create jobs and spur economic growth in Mississippi and has continuously supported tribal sovereignty and self-deter-mination which has contributed to the Mis-sissippi Band of Choctaw Indians being one of the largest employers in our State; and, WHEREAS, Senator Cochran’s work has also promoted progress in our nation’s rural communities, including on our nation’s In-dian reservations, through various programs for economic and educational development teacher training, vocational education, li-braries, university-based research and devel-opment, conservation of the environment and our wetlands, forestry, health care and criminal justice; and, WHEREAS, Senator Cochran, who also served in the U.S. Navy, has worked to pro-tect the U.S. Armed Forces and our men and women in uniform, as well the Navy’s ship-building programs and military bases and in-stallations in Mississippi. Now, therefore, be it RESOLVED, that I, Phyliss J. Anderson, by the authority vested in me as Tribal Chief, do hereby honor the legacy of the Hon-orable Thad Cochran and extend the sincere gratitude, appreciation, and many blessings of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians to Senator Cochran upon his retirement after five decades of public service in the U.S. Navy, U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate. PHYLISS J. A NDERSON , Tribal Chief, Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians. 
Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I would note that the last paragraph of this document says: ‘‘Resolved, that I, Phyllis J. Anderson, by the authority vested in me as Tribal Chief, do hereby honor the legacy of the Honorable T
HADCOCHRAN and extend sincere grat-itude, appreciation, and many blessings of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw In-dians to Senator C
OCHRAN upon his re-tirement after five decades of public service in the U.S. Navy, U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate. Signed by Phyllis J. Anderson, Tribal Chief. Back in December of 1937, T
HAD C
OCHRAN was born in the little town of Pontotoc, MS, population 1,832. He was born in the delivery room of the Ray-burn Clinic. Some 13
1⁄2years later, I was born in the delivery room of the Rayburn Clinic in Pontotoc, MS. During the campaign, some years later in 1994, when I was first trying to be a Member of the House of Represent-atives, Senator T
HAD COCHRAN and I went around the northern part of the State and told many people that he and I were born not only in the same town and not only in the same clinic but born in the same room, the delivery room of the Rayburn Clinic. We thought that was the truth. As it turned out, we found out later from our moms, the Rayburn Clinic had moved down the street; so while we were both born in the delivery room of Rayburn Clinic, that clinic itself had moved. It just points out how long Senator T
HAD C
OCHRAN and I have been friends and how long our families have been friends and how well associated we have been down through the years. Senator A
LEXANDER mentioned that campaign in 1968, and then he men-tioned that he was a candidate for Con-gress successfully in 1972. I was hon-ored, as a college student, to go door- to-door for Senator C
OCHRAN during that 1972 campaign. Yesterday was National Poetry Day. Perhaps it is appropriate for me, today, to quote a couple of poets, the first being Henry Wadsworth Longfellow who said: 
Lives of great men all remind us We can make our lives sublime; And departing, leave behind us Footprints on the sands of time. As T HADCOCHRAN departs the Senate in a few days, I think it is appropriate for us to reflect, as my friend from Tennessee and my friend from Texas have already done, and as others will do, about the great footprints Senator T
HAD COCHRAN will have left in the sands of time for our Nation. Because of T
HAD COCHRAN , our Na-tion’s defense is stronger today. Because of the efforts of our col-league from Mississippi, my senior Senator, Americans are healthier today and will continue to be healthier. American agriculture is stronger today because of the efforts of this ‘‘quiet persuader’’ in the field of agri-culture; and our economy, as a whole, is stronger because of the many efforts of Senator T
HAD COCHRAN and before that, Representative T
HADCOCHRAN in the U.S. House. I am just very grateful. We are all grateful for all he has done. Senator C
OCHRAN acknowledged in his statement about his impending re-tirement that health had become an issue for him, and it was time to move on. I told reporters and I told Members who asked me—I said it is a bitter-sweet moment, it is a poignant mo-ment for me to hear such things. These sorts of things happen, and we all face health issues at some point. Alfred Lord Tennyson, in his mag-nificent poem ‘‘Ulysses,’’ said: 
Tho’ much is taken, much abides; and tho’ We are not now that strength which in old days Moved earth and heaven; that which we are, we are; One equal temper of heroic hearts, Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield. 
I say to my friend T HADthat we ap-preciate the fact that he has been strong in will and, though time and fate have happened to T
HAD COCHRAN  and will happen to me and to all of us, what abides is the legacy he has left of being a ‘‘quiet persuader,’’ of being a person of accomplishment, of being a gentleman who has made this country and its citizens better off, and I thank him. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, when I learned that our distinguished colleague from Mississippi would be re-tiring this month, I found it difficult to imagine the Senate without him. That is for good reason. T
HAD COCH-
RANarrived here in 1978. Two hundred and fifty-four Senators have since fol-lowed in his footsteps. Of those cur-rently serving, 97 of us are newer at this than T
HADis, and every single one of us has been treated to a first-rate example of honorable service, a master class in the art of legislation, and liv-ing proof that unwavering principle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.013 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1894 March 22, 2018 
and unflappable collegiality can and should coexist. We all know T
HAD has a knack for making things look easy. So many graces and talents seem second nature to him, but appearances can be deceiv-ing. Take the start of his political career. When we think about it, it is only nat-ural that Senator C
OCHRAN liked to work on conservation issues. I expect his adventures as a Mississippi Repub-lican in the early 1970s helped him un-derstand just what it feels like to be an endangered species. In 1972, T
HADwas a rising-star attor-ney when he was asked to try and be-come just the second GOP Congress-man from his State since Reconstruc-tion. The possibility seemed so remote that when he asked Rose how she would like being married to a Con-gressman, she replied, ‘‘I don’t know— which one?’’ Long odds, indeed. But true to form, T
HAD won in the end—and again and again—and then he became the first Republican Senator from Mississippi in a century. It is safe to say service is in T
HAD’s DNA. Both his parents were devoted educators. His father, W.H., served as superintendent of a large, rural public school district. His mother Emma was a pioneering mathematics teacher who wrote new curricula. In Pontotoc, MS, their two boys grew up with a healthy appreciation for the power of good schooling. T
HAD graduated as high school val-edictorian, then came a naval commis-sion, and then law school, where he graduated at the top of his class, but no amount of success can take the kindness and courtesy out of this quintessentially southern gentleman. A deep respect for others is T
HAD’s calling card. Just a few weeks after he arrived in Washington, he brought his staff to-gether and he said: 
We’re going to treat everyone the same. We’re here to find answers for everyone, even if they disagree with us. We’re here to serve the people of Mississippi. 
Even at a time when the wounds of segregation were still raw, he made it clear this meant all—all—Mississip-pians. In fact, he hired the first Afri-can-American congressional staffer to work in a Mississippi office since re-construction—Nehemiah Flowers. And for all his staff, T
HADtook the time to pen a detailed memo laying out high expectations for serving constituents and treating everyone with dignity. That temperament led to a litany of accomplishments. Mississippians knew that in T
HAD they had a quiet persuader, a steady workhorse, and a dogged advocate who almost never made a fuss but almost always made a difference. Indeed, the policy achievements of this mighty Ap-propriations chairman are so numerous as to defy easy summary. I know this schoolteacher’s son is particularly proud of his work on edu-cation. Senator COCHRAN carried the banner for research partnerships that raised the profile of historically Black colleges and universities. He delivered critical funding to expand scholarship access. He spearheaded the Delta Edu-cation Initiative. He inspired the Coch-ran Fellowship Program, which has changed the lives of more than 17,000 agriculture professionals from around the world. It is no exaggeration to say that T
HAD COCHRAN ’s work has broadened the horizons of millions, but it didn’t stop there. There were the landmark bipartisan bills, like the Cochran- Inouye National Missile Defense Act. There is his partnership with his dear friend, Senator L
EAHY , on the Farm to School Program. The list just keeps growing. When he first ran for the Senate in 1978, T
HAD’s stump speech included a line that Mississippians deserved a Senator who would work full-time for them. They certainly got one. T
HAD didn’t come to Washington to curry favor, win praise, or hog the limelight. When I say he preferred making a dif-ference to making a fuss, I really mean it. This man served in the Senate for seven terms and only appeared on Meet the Press twice. No, T
HAD had other business to at-tend to. He spent his 39 years in this body working full-time for students and educators, full-time for farmers and ranchers, full-time to deliver fund-ing for our brave servicemembers and our veterans who returned home. It is rare, even in the halls of Govern-ment, to meet someone as influential as Senator T
HAD COCHRAN . It is even rarer to meet someone as kind, as even tempered, and as concerned for the wel-fare of others. It is almost unheard of that this same man would be both. That is just who T
HADis. He wrote the book on composure under pressure. He served as the care-ful custodian of billions of taxpayer dollars without losing an ounce of hu-mility. On the Senate floor and in com-mittee, he tackled heated debates and complicated legislative challenges with true servant leadership. On the tennis court, by all accounts, he offered his colleagues a different and altogether less hospitable sort of service. But true to form, I hear T
HADalways combined winning and graciousness. He has cer-tainly had enough practice at both. From Pontotoc, MS, to the Senate floor, T
HADCOCHRAN ’s story has grown but it hasn’t changed. It is a story about putting others first. It is about doing the right thing every step of the way. It is a story that will continue to teach and inspire those of us who now must carry on our work without him. I know that T
HAD’s devoted staff are sorry to see him go. Their allegiance to him, famous throughout the Senate, is further testimony to his own principled professionalism. This is exemplified by nobody quite so well as Doris Wagley, Senator C
OCHRAN ’s personal secretary, who has served T
HAD ever since 1973, when he was first sworn in as a Con-gressman. She planned to take the job for just a year or so and then reassess— enough said. She, along with all of Sen-ator COCHRAN ’s excellent staff, has our admiration and our gratitude. I would particularly like to thank two men who have led teams in service to Mississippi and Senator C
OCHRAN so well—Brad White, his chief of staff, and Bruce Evans, his longtime staff direc-tor on the Appropriations Committee. I am grateful for their hard work on be-half of the Senate. I know the early mornings and late nights were many, including just these last few weeks. T
HAD’s friends know that retirement will allow him more happy times with his wife Kay, his beloved children, Clayton and Kate, and the three grand-children he adores. He departs with our warmest wishes. We will miss our great persuader. We will miss our loyal friend. We stand with Mississippians and a grateful na-tion in honoring the service of Senator T
HADCOCHRAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished other Senator from Mississippi for their comments. I have often thought that T
HADCOCH-
RAN and I would serve here together straight through whatever time we have in the Senate. Because he is such a dear friend, I have often felt that Senator T
HAD COCHRAN was plucked from a central casting to fill the role of a devoted public servant. More than most of us, he looks the part, but more than most of us, he embodies the best of what the Senate can be. Currently, in this body, I have served longer here than anybody else, but I have never felt closer to a Senator than I do to T
HADCOCHRAN , my dear friend. Our country needs more public serv-ants like T
HAD. As Congress has be-come more partisan in recent years, T
HADhas stood by his values. He brings substance, not sound-bites, to the upper Chamber. His leadership, as has been described, as ‘‘the quiet per-suader’’ is going to be missed. They talk about his being the son of a schoolteacher. So it is no shock that he devoted his life to public service. He joined the Navy after graduating from Ole Miss. He went on to earn a law de-gree from the University of Mississippi and then became engaged in Mis-sissippi politics, often traveling with his father to help with voter registra-tions in campaigns around the State. He worked on campaigns from county sheriff to the Governor’s race. T
HAD then went to the House in 1972—here to Washington, a couple years ahead of me—and then we be-came Senate partners in 1978. He and I both became chairmen of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Today in the committee’s hearings room, our offi-cial portraits hang together. It is easy to tell them apart. He is the one with the hair and better looking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.014 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1895 March 22, 2018 
Marcelle and I have joined T HAD in Mississippi to visit sprawling cotton farms and fish farms, and twice T
HAD joined me in Vermont to visit small family dairy farmers. I even introduced him to my mother in Montpelier. Now, I have to make a confession here, and I hope this doesn’t go out of this room. It was during one of those trips to Vermont—to St. Johnsbury, VT—in 1985 that I had extolled the beauty of Vermont in the wintertime. When we arrived, I think the southern gentleman was not ready for tempera-tures that dipped down to around 20 below zero. That is cold weather even by Vermont standards. This wonderful southern gentleman turned to me and he said: P
AT, this is not Mississippi weather. Then, he made a few other suggestions of what I was trying to do to him, but we had a wonderful visit just the same. We stayed in what is called the Rabbit Inn, with fireplaces going. The next day at our meetings, I think Vermont was ready to elect T
HADCOCHRAN as its third Senator, be-cause he was so impressive. We also traveled beyond Vermont and Mississippi. We met with leaders around the world. As senior Members of the Senate, we could go in a bipar-tisan way to see what they thought about the United States and to answer their questions. We and our wives be-came closer in these fact-finding visits. No matter how long the trip was—and some were to the other side of the Earth—T
HAD, through his conversation and his friendship, made even the long-est trip seem short. In our travels, one of the things I could always count on was that T
HAD would always check in on the Cochran fellows in whatever country we were in. Starting in 1984, the Cochran Fel-lowship Program has provided training for more than 17,500 people from 125 dif-ferent countries to develop agricul-tural systems and to strengthen trade between our countries. The program also strengthens understanding be-tween the United States and other countries. T
HADis leaving a legacy that is tied to our Nation’s agricultural develop-ment. When he was chair of the Agri-culture Committee, he left his finger-prints on the farm bill, which are still there today. More recently, we cham-pioned the reauthorization of the Farm to School Program, which provides Federal resources to bring fresh and nutritious local food from local farm-ers to more than 40,000 schools across the country, including 83 percent of the schools in Vermont—what a legacy, as the son of a teacher and a great advo-cate for Mississippi farmers. T
HAD knows how important this program is to strengthening local farm economies and educating young kids and their families about the importance of eat-ing locally grown and nutritionally dense food. This picture was taken as we were visiting a farm—obviously not when it was 25 below zero. It was prob-ably a warm summer day. So that is why we only have on light sweaters. Even though we are on the opposite ends of the political spectrum, THAD and I have crossed the aisle to work hand-in-hand for the American peo-ple—from our work in the Senate to our work for years as regents at the Smithsonian. In every bill and program on which we have worked, he has been a Senator with integrity, decency, ci-vility, and, most importantly, a dear and cherished friend. T
HADwill always keep his word, and I tell that to the Senate because that is a quality that is becoming too rare sometimes in both parties. He is old school. Many of us would say the best school. When I became vice chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I knew I would have a steadfast partner in Senator C
OCHRAN . He has earned the moniker of ‘‘the quiet persuader.’’ He was also referred to by one of the mem-bers of the Appropriations Committee once—a moniker that should be appre-ciated—as a workhorse, not a show horse. That is why he has been so suc-cessful—the quiet persuader. Well, the quite persuader, when Hurricane Katrina struck, used his leadership to direct nearly $100 billion to commu-nities on the gulf coast to rebuild. T
HADwill leave this Chamber having cast more than 13,000 votes and becom-ing the 10th longest serving Senator in the history of our country. A constant champion of Mississippi and the Amer-ican people, I don’t think many people truly understand how much Senator C
OCHRAN has accomplished for his State and his country. Marcelle and I count T
HAD and Kay among our dearest friends. His leader-ship on the Appropriations Committee in the Senate will be sorely missed. Our country needs more devoted public servants like T
HADCOCHRAN , and I am sad to see my dear friend leave. But I know his legacy is a presence that will be felt in this Chamber, in Mississippi, and across the country for generations to come. I will enjoy looking at the photographs of my dear friend taken in Vermont, Mississippi, and around the world. He is one of my heroes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I, too, would like to start by thanking my good friend, Senator T
HADCOCHRAN , for the tireless dedication and public serv-ice he has brought forth here through-out some 40-something years—45 years. As has been said, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives over 45 years ago, and he was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1978. As all of us know, T
HAD was a practicing attorney in Jackson, MS, and a graduate of the University of Mississippi School of Law. He also studied abroad at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland, where we visited one time. We have served together in the U.S. Senate for over 30 years. He has been an excellent colleague, and I have been honored to have worked with him. We represent neighboring States, Mis-sissippi and Alabama, and we have both worked on some of the same priorities. But, mainly, he has served Mississippi with the utmost dignity and respect. He has an excellent staff. We are all grateful for their hard work, their help, and their coordination with all of us. As chairman of the Appropriations Committee, he has been a remarkable negotiator. As the majority leader will tell you—he is one himself—we need those traits at this point in time. THAD has provided critical funding for various Mississippi priorities over the years. He hasn’t forgotten where he is from. Right here, with a lot of help, he led the restoration of the gulf coast after Hurricane Katrina. As I have un-derstood them, his major priorities have always been the defense of this Nation; education, as Senator L
EAHY  talked about; agriculture, where he served as the chairman of the Ag Com-mittee for a long time; rural issues, not only in Mississippi but all over Amer-ica. T
HADalso spent many years serv-ing on the Rules Committee, where I now chair. I believe history will reflect T
HAD C
OCHRAN ’s long legacy of strong leader-ship, and I, myself, believe that he has made an extraordinary impact here in the U.S. Senate. T
HAD, as we all know, is very cour-teous, well-mannered, and has a low- key demeanor most of the time. He is quiet, he is patient, and he has built se-niority through power and persever-ance. Some people say that T
HADCOCHRAN  is the last true southern gentleman, and I think there is a lot of truth to that. Some people say that he rep-resents the lost art of being nice; we all need to work on that. He always has been and will be a hero both here and back home in Mississippi. T
HAD, I wish you and your wonderful wife, Kay, well. I think all of us should strive to continue on the wise path that you have paved for us here in the Senate. I believe we are all grateful for his service to Mississippi and our Nation. We wish him God’s speed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I have known and admired T
HADCOCHRAN for 40 years—since he first came to the Senate. At the time, I was a young staffer for Senator Bill Cohen, who also was elected to the Senate that same year. I saw from the start that this gen-tleman from Mississippi was so bright, insightful, and creative yet also hum-ble, kind, and devoted to helping oth-ers. He treated everyone with such dig-nity. He was nice to everyone, from the elevator operators to the highest offi-cials around the world. He truly is one who leads by example. Those qualities are his legacy, and I have seen them time and again as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee when T
HAD was an impor-tant member and, of course, when he became the chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.016 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1896 March 22, 2018 
Last year was the 150th anniversary of the creation of the Appropriations Committee, and T
HADmarked that oc-casion by reminding all of us of our great responsibility to make thought-ful and informed decisions in the allo-cation of public funds. In managing ap-propriations bills, he was always so in-clusive, willing to incorporate ideas and priorities from everyone who could make a persuasive case. The fact is, T
HADhas always placed careful consid-eration and compromise above partisan politics. That really reflects how T
HAD has led his life. He has excelled at everything he has ever undertaken. When he joined the Boy Scouts, he became an Eagle Scout. In his high school, he was valedic-torian. In college, he had the highest scholastic achievements. He excelled in serving in the Navy, and, of course, we know how much he has accomplished as our esteemed and dear colleague here in the Senate. When T
HADserved as chairman of the Appropriations Agriculture Sub-committee, he traveled to the State of Maine with me, and we met with Maine’s potato farmers and blueberry growers—not exactly staple crops of Mississippi. T
HAD listened intently to these farmers and growers. It was clear that he cared about them and that he valued our family farms and our rural communities. That night, we had a lovely Maine lobster dinner at an inn on the coast. During that dinner, T
HAD shared with me his passion for good literature, his love of music, and his passion for edu-cation that had been instilled in him by his parents. Of course, another issue that brought T
HADand me together was making sure that our naval fleet was strong. As a U.S. Navy veteran who served for a time in Boston, MA, T
HAD has always been a dedicated advocate for his ship-yard in Mississippi, as I am for Bath Iron Works in the State of Maine. T
HAD has twice visited BIW with me to see the great work done there. In 2013, T
HADreceived the Navy’s Dis-tinguished Public Service Award in recognition of his longstanding com-mitment to American sea power. Through four decades in the Senate, plus three terms in the House of Rep-resentatives, T
HADhas compiled an ad-mirable legislative record on issues ranging from education to libraries, the arts, our national defense, sci-entific and biomedical research, con-servation initiatives, and civil rights. But perhaps his greatest legacy is that he taught us how a Senator should act, and that legacy will live on forever. T
HAD, our Nation is so grateful for your service, and I, personally, am so appreciative of your friendship. I offer my best wishes to you and to Kay. You will be greatly missed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I had the privilege to speak at some length about T
HAD in leader remarks, but I wanted to add one point. I know my colleagues are waiting. Another trait of THAD’s, which has made him so successful, is that he has a long memory and knows how to work the legislative process. I remember, after the devastation of Katrina, T
HAD came over to me and talked to me about the need for so much, including a rail line that was somewhat controver-sial in the southern part of the State. He convinced me that it was des-perately needed, and I voted for it. Well, the wheel always turns, and 6 years later, we were devastated by Sandy. We needed all the help we could get, and I went to T
HAD. I didn’t have to say a thing. He said: I remember what you did for me. I am going to help you all the way with Sandy, and he did. This is just one of many great traits about this man and why he was so amazingly successful for the country and, most of all, for his beloved State of Mississippi. He made people want to help him and help his State, even though we don’t have—as the Senator from Maine has said, our States are so different. We wanted to help each other, and we are bound by it. T
HAD, you are a great man and a great example to all of us on how to conduct ourselves. We will miss you here in the Senate but wish you God’s speed in whatever else you do. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President pro tempore. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a long-time friend, a revered public servant, and a true southern gentleman, Senator T
HADCOCHRAN . T
HADCOCHRAN will be retiring at the end of this month, bringing an end to more than 40 years of exemplary serv-ice to Mississippi and our Nation. Senator C
OCHRAN is a Mississippi man through and through. He was born in Pontotoc to a mother who was a school teacher and a father who was a principal. After graduating as valedic-torian at his high school, T
HAD at-tended Ole Miss, where he earned both his bachelor’s and juris doctor degrees. After serving in the Navy, he practiced private law in Mississippi for several years, but it wasn’t long before he en-tered politics. After serving in the House of Rep-resentatives, T
HAD first came to the Senate in 1978, just 2 years after my own election. The truth is, I hardly know this place without him, and I can hardly imagine what things will be like when T
HADis no longer sitting here. It is difficult to describe the special bond you share with someone who has been your close friend and partner here on the floor and colleague for more than four decades. T
HAD and I have been here through some of the most formative events in modern history, in-cluding the fall of the Soviet Union, the rise of American hegemony, the creation of the internet, and the com-ing of the digital age. As Members of this body, we have had the privilege not only to witness history but also to help shape it. Whether as chairman of the Senate Republican Conference, the Agri-culture Committee, or the Appropria-tions Committee, Senator COCHRAN has spearheaded some of the most signifi-cant policy initiatives of the last sev-eral decades. With an equal mix of healthy persistence and pure southern charm, he quickly earned his reputa-tion as the ‘‘quiet persuader.’’ I know I speak for all of my colleagues when I say he will be sorely missed. T
HADCOCHRAN is so much more than the senior Senator from Mississippi. He is so much more than the legislation he has passed and the titles he has held and the awards he has received. T
HAD C
OCHRAN is a fixture of American poli-tics, a man synonymous with the Sen-ate, who embodies in every way all that is right and good about this body—a commitment to comity, char-acter, and respect. I think my colleague Senator L
EAHY  put it best when he said that Senator C
OCHRAN represents the old school. He personifies a generation of lawmakers brought up on the principles of bipar-tisan and compromise, and I believe that these very virtues have been the keys to his success as a legislator. Even in recent years, as our politics grew ever more divisive, T
HAD re-minded us that in the era of endless gridlock and perpetual polarization, there is no alternative to civility and healthy debate. T
HAD is always some-one you could trust to put the good of others above self, someone you could count on to reach across the aisle even when the political risks were great. In so doing, T
HAD gave all of us a tem-plate for effective legislating, and he followed the model for decades for the betterment of Mississippi and the Na-tion. I consider myself lucky to know T
HAD and even luckier to call him friend. It is true that this body will not be the same without him, but I hope we can honor his service by recommitting ourselves to the virtues of civility and respect every day. Today, I want to thank my colleague from Mississippi for his example and his many years of friendship. I wish him and his family the very best. T
HAD, I want you to know that not only will we miss you, we will not get along as well without you. I think the world of you. It has been a pleasure for me to sit right by you on the floor for all of these years, and it has been a pleasure to learn from you. God bless you, and just know that a lot of us are pulling for you in every way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, every-body doesn’t just come up with the same description of someone they have worked with every day by accident. When we think about everything that has been said and everyone independ-ently setting down what we remember about Senator C
OCHRAN , what we think about when we think about Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.017 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1897 March 22, 2018 
COCHRAN —he is a gentleman. He is a quiet persuader. He gets things done in a way that makes things that would otherwise seem hard for other people seem easy for him. The true, groundbreaking politician came to the Congress in 1972, but in 1978, he was the first Republican elect-ed statewide in Mississippi in over 100 years. He gave evidence to that willingness to serve everybody in the direction he gave his staff. Nobody ever talks about Senator C
OCHRAN without talking about his staff. It doesn’t take long into that conversation to talk about his staff. Just as T
HAD COCHRAN en-couraged them to do on day one, they always tried to solve everybody’s prob-lem they worked for, no matter what that past relationship might have been or how they disagreed on other things. The first time I got a chance to work with Senator C
OCHRAN , I was the chief deputy whip in the House, and we were in a leadership meeting trying to bring some things to a conclusion. I think the majority leader in the Senate at the time was T
HAD’s colleague from Mississippi. Trent Lott turned to T
HAD and me—I was the junior person at the table. My mom and dad were dairy farmers, and maybe that is why Sen-ator Lott thought I would understand this. It was a dairy issue, as I recall, and he said: Why don’t you and Senator C
OCHRAN work this out? I think it was something on milk marketing orders, which almost nobody understood. It was a problem that nobody thought they could solve. I had been here about 25 months, and Senator C
OCHRAN had been here 25 years, and what I got was the great gift of watching him work out that problem, and it got to the con-clusion that, for whatever reason, ev-erybody was happy with. His leadership, for States like Mis-souri and Mississippi with large rural populations—I think we have a bigger urban population than Mississippi, but we both have big rural populations. Whether it was agricultural issues or flood insurance or rural economic de-velopment, T
HAD COCHRAN was always there—at one time, not just as the chairman of the Agriculture Com-mittee but also the chairman of the ag-riculture appropriating committee, and anybody who has worked around here very long knows it doesn’t get much more powerful than that when it comes time to solve problems. There have been mentions of Hurri-cane Katrina and stepping up, along with Haley Barbour, the Governor of Mississippi, coming together, con-vincing the Congress of things that needed to be done, and a few things that got done in Mississippi that didn’t get done anywhere else. I was presiding this morning when Senator S
CHUMER spoke. He men-tioned—he didn’t mention it is his comments a few minutes ago, but he mentioned this morning—and this is an important view of both of them—he said that he remembered T
HAD saying one time: I don’t call a lot of press con-ferences; I don’t think it is part of my responsibility. Senator SCHUMER quick-ly pointed out that was not his view of press conferences, but it was T
HAD’s view of press conferences or ‘‘Meet the Press’’ or anything else that didn’t focus on his job of getting things done. The bill we will vote on today does things for members of the Active Armed Forces and veterans that we haven’t done in a long time. It is a fit-ting conclusion to the service of T
HAD C
OCHRAN , who in 2013 received the Navy Distinguished Public Service Award. He was stationed in Boston for part of his service in the Navy, where nobody could understand what he said, but they wanted to do whatever it was that T
HADCOCHRAN wanted to do. I liked the term that Senator S
HELBY  used, that T
HADCOCHRAN is one of the last practitioners of the lost art of being nice—the lost art of being nice. I talked to my 13-year-old son Char-lie just this morning, and I said: You know, Charlie, it is actually easier to be thoughtful than to be thoughtless. So many of us don’t mature much be-yond the 13-year-old understanding of that. We would be better off to watch and learn from what T
HADCOCHRAN did so well while he served in this body. T
HAD and Kay will be missed in the daily Senate family, but they will al-ways be an important part of the Sen-ate family. It is an exciting time when you get to go home to Mississippi and don’t im-mediately understand that you very quickly have to turn around and come back to Washington to do what T
HAD did so well for so long, representing the people he worked for, the people he loved. At least two generations of Mis-sissippians don’t remember when T
HAD C
OCHRAN wasn’t their Senator, and only when this time in the Senate ends will people fully begin to realize how much he did, how much they appre-ciate what he did, and how much has happened because T
HAD COCHRAN was here. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is an honor for me to come to the floor of the Senate and talk for a minute about my friend T
HAD COCHRAN . I know ev-erybody has probably said everything that needs to be said; just everybody hasn’t said it yet. Kind of in the vein of what Senator B
LUNT said, everybody says the same thing about Senator C
OCHRAN : He is gracious, smart, gentle, effective, and a great colleague. I want to tell my colleagues about T
HAD COCHRAN . When I came to the Senate 14 years ago, I had served in every legislative body I could be elect-ed to where I live. I served in the Geor-gia House, the Georgia Senate, the U.S. House, the U.S. Senate—all representa-tive legislative bodies. In each one of them, I got some advice. My first year in the Georgia House, 41 years ago, I got some very good ad-vice. A good friend of mine said: J
OHN-NY, I will tell you what you do. The first year you are here, don’t say a word. Just watch everybody talk. Watch what everybody else does. Look at people you would like to be like, and for the remainder of your career, be like that person, because in the end, this business is about relationships and effectiveness, not about bluster and bragging. I did pick out a guy; his name was Carl Harrison. Carl Harrison has since passed away, but he was one of the best friends I have ever had in life. I watched him in the Georgia Legisla-ture, and I patterned myself after Carl Harrison, and the success I had was be-cause I followed a great leader like him. When I got to the U.S. Senate, I knew I needed leadership. I knew I needed to find a book or something to tell me how to be a good Senator. I re-membered Carl. I said: You know, I am going to sit in this body. I have 6 years in this term. Surely I can take a few months for the first year and kind of figure things out. So I started watching. I could see the characteristics and the quality of each and every individual in the Senate, and everybody offers unique gifts that they have given to this body. I kept watch-ing T
HAD COCHRAN . He was respected. He always had time for you. He never let you know he had been here a lot longer than you ever thought about being here, maybe even longer than you had been born. He listened to you, and if you asked him a question, he gave you an answer. So I called my wife and I said: Sweet-heart, when we come back to Wash-ington next week, I want to take T
HAD C
OCHRAN to dinner because I have de-cided he is the guy I would like to be most like. I am not making this up; this is ex-actly what happened. So we went to Ocean Air. T
HAD, I don’t know if you remember that night. It was pretty crowded. T
HAD is not a loud guy, but when T
HAD walks in a room, it gets a little bit quieter because everybody knows wisdom has arrived. My wife and I enjoyed that dinner that night, and we became great friends. We had a number of issues on which we engaged each other over the course of the years, and on all of them, I think we were on the same side—except cat-fish. I think I got it wrong on catfish, and I apologize for that, but I tried to redeem myself. The highest compliment I can pay is to say that I wanted to be just like T
HADCOCHRAN . So in the 13 years since that dinner at Ocean Air and in every-thing I have done and tried to do in the Senate, I have tried to be like T
HAD C
OCHRAN . Mark Twain once wrote: When con-fronted with a difficult decision, do what is right. You will surprise a few, but you will amaze the rest. When we have tough decisions to make, when somebody has to cut to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.019 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1898 March 22, 2018 
chase and point you in the right direc-tion to get the job done, it is T
HAD C
OCHRAN whom you want in your fox-hole. He is the perfect example for me of a noble life and a noble leader. I have a favorite poem. It is in a book called ‘‘Leaves of Gold’’ from the Meth-odist Church. I think that poem applies to T
HAD COCHRAN better than any words I can say. The poem goes like this: 
I’d rather see a good person Than hear about one any day. I’d rather have a good person walk with me Than merely show the way. For my eyes are better pupils And more willing than my ear. And fine counsel is confusing But example is always clear. And the best of all the people Are the ones that live their creeds. For to see the good in action Is what everybody needs. While I’ll be very glad to do it If you’ll let me see it done; But I can watch your hands in action, But your tongue too fast may run. But the lectures you deliver May be very wise and very true; But I’d rather get my lecture By observing what you do. For I may misunderstand you And the high advice you give; But there’s no misunderstanding The way you act and the way you live. 
THAD, you have blessed us all by the way you act, the way you live, and by the example you set. May God bless you and your family. I wish you the best. And may you always come back, because if you ever need me, I will be right here for you because you have al-ways been there for me. God bless you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to thank the Senator from Georgia for those comments, and I would like to associate myself with all of them. We should have saved it for the concluding speech, I think. I rise today to also honor a man who has spent the last 46 years faithfully serving the State of Mississippi in Con-gress. T
HAD, you are the longest currently serving Member of Congress, and we are going to miss your experience and your leadership. You have left a mark on Congress that won’t soon be forgot-ten. You have served with great dis-tinction and made a difference in the Senate. Your time in Washington began when the people of Mississippi voted to send you to the House of Rep-resentatives, and you represented their interests in that Chamber from 1972 to 1978. Then you ran for and won the noble Senate seat. T
HAD and I have found ourselves on two sides of the U.S. coin. He chairs the Appropriations Committee; I chair the Budget Committee. Even though he does the detail of spending the money and I work to set the parameters, I have always respected him and enjoyed working with him. Former Senators have spoken highly of Senator C
OCHRAN . In fact, in 2007, while congratulating THAD on his 10,000th vote, our good friend, the late Senator Ted Kennedy, said: 
Thad and I don’t always agree on policy matters—and more often than not we find ourselves on opposite sides of the issues—but those disagreements never diminished my re-spect for his thoughtfulness and nor do they diminish the friendship I feel toward him. 
I think that is a pretty common re-frain for somebody who is quiet and ef-fective and perseveres through every-thing. T
HAD is known to hold strong opin-ions, but that has never stopped him from developing a close working rela-tionship with Members of both parties. Throughout his career, he has used his experience and mastery of the issues to persuade his colleagues, but he has done so privately rather than bashing in the media. This determined, yet re-spectful, approach to negotiations and his passion to find solutions to the problems and concerns of the people of Wyoming and America have led to his nickname, the ‘‘quiet persuader.’’ He has been a great mentor to me. T
HAD has had a remarkable career, and his leadership will be dearly missed. He has inspired future leaders from his State, and in that way and so many others he has made a difference. Diana joins me in sending our best wishes to you, to your wife Kay, and to the rest of your family, and our appre-ciation for your willingness to serve Mississippi and the Nation so faithfully and so long. There are countless sayings about how politics isn’t for anyone but the brave and the resilient. I think your experience, especially this past year, has shown that there is no challenge too large for you to overcome, and clearly you specialize in making the world a better place—and that is a win- win for us all, especially our children and our grandchildren. I am sad to see you leave the Senate at the end of this month, but I wish you a well-deserved retirement and other adventures. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise today, on this side of the aisle, to thank my friend Senator C
OCHRAN . Yesterday, I made a longer speech in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , but I didn’t want this moment to go by with-out tributes from both sides of the aisle while you are personally present on the floor. My relationship with Senator C
OCH-
RAN was fortuitous. There used to be two giants in the Senate—Ted Stevens and Danny Inouye—and forever and ever they were the two, a Democrat and Republican—who were in charge of the Department of Defense Appropria-tions bill, and we bowed to their knowledge and wisdom. Then the day came when they were both gone, and the new people stepping in were T
HAD C
OCHRAN and D ICKDURBIN . I felt totally undeserving to be given that responsibility, and certainly could never follow the act of Danny Inouye, as great as he was in serving our coun-try, both in the military and the U.S. Senate, and THAD had the responsi-bility of following Ted Stevens as the Defense Committee chair. While we both knew we were being held to high standards as people com-pared us, as they inevitably would, the thing we decided to do from the begin-ning was to do it together—to learn on the job and to work together. It really hearkens back to a Senate that I re-member—and I am sure Senator S
HELBY and others remember—when we first got here, when the Appropriations Committee assignments were really bi-partisan assignments, start to finish. My work on the Defense Sub-committee with T
HADCOCHRAN was bi-partisan from the start. It always was. There was mutual respect. If I ever had an issue, I could go to him. He knew the same thing was true, if there was an issue related to his concerns or the State of Mississippi, he could come to me. We never ever set out to trouble or embarrass one another publicly. We tried to always have a good, positive working relationship. The very few dis-agreements we had were behind closed doors and usually resolved behind closed doors. It really was the Senate I was elected to and the one I miss today. We need more of it. T
HAD COCHRAN , you made it easy when you were chairman of the Defense Committee for this ranking Democrat to be an active partner of yours in doing some important things. I think we accepted our responsibility and did our level best; I think our American national defense is stronger today be-cause of it; and I am lucky because I had a good friend, good mentor, and good colleague by my side. I wish you the very best. If you want a longer version of this speech, it was given in the R
ECORD yesterday, so you could take it home and read it, if you would like. I thank you again for being such a great Senator, a great representative of your State of Mississippi, and a great colleague when it came to our ap-propriations work. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the opportunity to express my deep gratitude for the honor given to me by the people of Mississippi to rep-resent them in Washington. I leave the Senate with confidence that our enduring Constitution guards our country from human error, empow-ers our citizens to achieve greatness, and shines as a beacon of freedom and liberty for the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.020 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1899 March 22, 2018 
I am optimistic about the future of our great Nation and in the U.S. Sen-ate’s role in determining that future. While in Congress, I have served with nine Presidents during times of con-flict and peace. We have debated poli-cies from trade to taxes to terrorism. We have engaged in heated arguments. But even in full disagreement, I believe all our motivations begin at the same point: the sincere desire to serve our States and country. No one remains in the House or Sen-ate who was here when I first took of-fice in January 1973, but I am particu-larly thankful for the friendship and leadership of the senior Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY . He and I have fought side by side with each other and sometimes face to face against each other, always with friendship and re-spect. I am also grateful to have served with honorable Senators from my State. My colleague, Senator W
ICKER , has been a friend and a strong and ef-fective advocate for our State. We have worked together not only in the Sen-ate, but also when he served as a U.S. Representative. Former Majority Lead-er Trent Lott continues to be a voice in our national conversation. And the late John C. Stennis provided a witness to integrity when I first joined this body. His signature is above my signature at this desk. It is a tradition in the Senate, like schoolchildren used to do, to sign the drawers of our desks. Senator Stennis signed this desk drawer. He noted the beginning of his service in 1947 and added a dash. He never filled in the date signifying the end of his Senate service in 1989. Perhaps there is sym-bolism there, that our service does not end when we depart this Chamber. I have been honored by this body to serve as chairman both of the Appro-priations and Agriculture Committees. I am thankful to my colleagues, past and present, and to the committee staff for assisting in crafting responsible funding priorities for our country and for developing strategic agriculture policy to ensure the best use of our natural resources to provide affordable and healthy food for our citizens and people around the world. I thank my talented and dedicated staff, many of whom have worked for many years in service to our country. All of us in this body know we could not achieve our priorities without ex-ceptional staff. I have staff members who have served the Senate since my first term. I have one staff member, Doris Wagley, who was already in the office working the very first day I showed up for work in the House of Representatives in 1973. Whether they have been here for 45 years or a shorter tenure, I am grateful for their good as-sistance. I ran my first Senate reelection cam-paign in 1984, largely on constituent service. I will always be proud of my State staff for their work on behalf of Mississippians. State staff help us keep our promises to our veterans, find op-portunities for small businesses, ensure the elderly or infirmed receive care, and cut through bureaucracy. I am sure members of your State staffs, like my staff, have hearts for their fellow citizens, regardless of their political af-filiation. All our citizens have the right to be heard and to have a voice in their gov-ernment. I believe our job as their serv-ants is not to tell others what to think or tell others what to do. Our job is to represent them. I have endeavored to do that the best way I possibly could; and now the time has come for me to pass the power granted by the people of Mississippi, the power of service, to someone else. When John Sharp Williams of Mis-sissippi left the Senate, he delivered a farewell speech at a dinner organized by the Mississippi Society of Wash-ington. It is sometimes called the ‘‘Mockingbird Speech.’’ While I do not share some of the cynicism of that speech, there are sentiments I can ap-preciate. Here is an excerpt of that speech given March 3, 1923: 
I am going back to Yazoo City and to my old home on a rural free-delivery route. I want to get up again each morning as I hear the rooster’s crow . . . and as night and the time for bed approaches, I will listen to the greatest chorus of voices that man ever heard, music that will charm me and make me ready for repose, the voices of my mockingbirds trilling in the trees. And in that way I want to live the rest of my life, and when the end comes, I hope to be carried out of the house by my neighbors and laid to rest among my people. Now, some may say that is not a very wonderful future, all of this I have mapped out for myself, but I say there is merit in calm retirement . . . Per-haps it is a sign that I ought to retire, for re-tirement brings repose, and repose allows a kindly judgment of all things. 
I will now return to my beloved Mis-sissippi and my family and friends there. I will miss this stately Chamber and this city. I will not miss this power or politics. I will miss people: you, my colleagues. I will treasure your cour-tesy and kindness. I trust, if your trav-els bring you to Oxford, MS, you will not hesitate to visit and join me for a refreshment on the porch. We can lis-ten to the mockingbirds together. Thank you. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO THAD COCHRAN  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wish to add my words to what we saw on the Senate floor here a couple of minutes ago. I had the honor of presiding over much of the ceremony recognizing Sen-ator T
HADCOCHRAN ’s incredible service to Mississippi and to America. You heard a lot. It was really remarkable— 45 years in the Congress and four dec-ades as a U.S. Senator. I think Senator LEAHY , from Vermont, said it best when he talked about T
HADCOCHRAN ’s integrity—a man who will always keep his word. As Alaska’s Senator, I also want to mention what a great friend he was to our State and to our Senators. Senator C
OCHRAN was very close to Senator Ted Stevens—the late Senator Ted Ste-vens—and to Frank Murkowski. He really supported our State—my State— and I want to thank him for that. He has this great nickname that I think was given to him in 2006, when Time Magazine said he was one of the best U.S. Senators and called him the ‘‘quiet persuader.’’ You heard that term a lot just a few minutes ago. In that article, they said that he had gained the trust of the administration and on Capitol Hill for his quiet, court-ly manner, using his experience and mastery of the issues to persuade his colleagues privately rather than mak-ing demands of them in public. It is a great example we can all learn from. I was proud to have been able to serve and learn from T
HADCOCHRAN for the last 3 years. 
TRIBUTE TO CARLOS GOMEZ  
Mr. President, one of the things I enjoy doing in my duties in the Senate is to come down each week to recognize somebody special in my State—some-body who has made a difference for their community, somebody who might not get the attention that people get in the press or in other areas but someone who has really made an impact. I like to call that person our Alaskan of the Week. Right now what has been happening in Alaska is a very special time. Our State, in many ways, is shrouded with myth and mystique. We certainly have, I believe, the most beautiful State in the country. There is a lot of excite-ment that happens, a lot of special things. Just last week, we had 60 mushers who were being pulled by dog teams, dozens of dogs—these great ath-letes, as we call them—nearly 1,000 miles through some of the harshest landscapes and some of the harshest climates. We just finished the Iditarod, the last great race. We want to encour-age people watching on TV and people in the Galleries to come on up to Alas-ka. You will love it. It will be the trip of a lifetime. Come see the Iditarod next year, the last great race. We just finished that. It is a great time to be in Alaska. It is still winter, of course. It is time to ski and for snow machines. It is still cold, and there is lots of snow, but the sun is now coming out high in the sky. Of course, in Alaska, there is hockey. We love hockey. We all know it is a tough and competitive sport, but it certainly fits into the ethos of my State. All across the State, kids and adults play hockey—boys, girls, men, and women, in indoor and outdoor rinks, ponds, and lakes—and skate up and take to the ice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.003 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1900 March 22, 2018 
However, as many parents who are involved in hockey know, gear can be very expensive. Actually, hockey can be very expensive. Many kids and adults can miss out on this great, great sport—a great sport in my State—be-cause of the cost. I would like to introduce you to An-chorage resident Carlos Gomez, who is our Alaskan of the Week. He has dedi-cated an extraordinary amount of his time and his life to try to make sure that all kids in my State—boys and girls from all walks of life—get to play hockey, like so many others do in Alas-ka, no matter if they can afford it or not. Let me tell you about Mr. Carlos Gomez, because he is not one to brag about himself. Like most Alaskans of the Week, he is an unsung hero, doing so much for the community. His im-pact on hockey—particularly, for the youth of Alaska—is remarkable. In many ways, his story is truly a classic story of the American dream. Carlos was born in California. When he was 10, he and his brother went to live with an aunt in San Diego. His wife Dalia was born in Colombia and then moved to Alaska, also with an aunt, when she was just 7 years old. Carlos received a scholarship from the University of California San Diego but had to drop out and cut his studies short because the strain of both going to school and providing for his family and contributing enough for his family was very difficult. He ended up in Alaska in 1972 to work as an ironworker, where he helped to build our State. He built the Alaska pipeline during that time. It was a huge and exciting time in the State. He met his wife Dalia, as I mentioned, and they settled down in a modest home in Airport Heights, AK, and began to raise a family. They had three wonderful kids. His daughters are Monica and Natalie, and his son is Scott. All of them are great, bright kids. One of them, Scott, who we in Alaska simply call Scotty—and I will get to that—had amazing athletic talents. When Scotty was just 4 years old, Carlos took him to his first hockey game. Scotty wanted to try it himself. Soon the young boy was hooked and wanted to play hockey as often as he could, and he was good. The problem was that although they weren’t poor as a family, they didn’t have the extra money for all the equipment and the expense that hockey requires. The An-chorage Boys & Girls Club had a pro-gram that loaned out hockey equip-ment and hockey gear. They helped to utilize that. As Scotty grew, he needed more equipment, and he stayed focused on hockey. Soon Carlos, our Alaskan of the Week, became so involved in youth hockey and had such a heart for the youth who wanted to play hockey in Alaska but had difficulty affording it that he became this master fundraiser throughout Alaska for the sport, not only for his son but for all the kids in the community who wanted to play hockey across the city. Fast forward to 1998, and Scotty, his son, a 4-year-old playing hockey on ponds in Anchorage, is selected by the New Jersey Devils as their first-round draft choice—the first Latino ever drafted to be in the first round of the NHL draft. Scotty went on to become an all-star, Stanley Cup winner and a recipient of the Calder Memorial Tro-phy as the league’s rookie of the year— all in his first NHL season. That is not bad for a little kid from Anchorage— all before he turned 21. He went on to win another Stanley Cup and later played for the New York Rangers, the Montreal Canadiens, the San Jose Sharks, the Florida Panthers, and the St. Louis Blues. He even chose to re-turn home to Anchorage during the NHL lockout to play briefly for our very own Alaska Aces. As you can imagine, Scotty is quite popular and well-known in Anchorage. He is admired by so many, and his fa-ther is as well. He could have stopped championing, as he has done for so many years, the sport of hockey at any point along the way, but what he did was that he kept doing this. He kept working. He kept encouraging young kids in Alaska to get on the ice to achieve their goals, just like his son did. So Carlos, Scotty, and the rest of the family set up the Scotty Gomez Foundation, which is devoted to that cause, and Carlos Gomez is still run-ning it today. There are more kids like Scotty out there, Carlos said, and ‘‘we’re going to give that kid an oppor-tunity,’’ like my son had. The foundation has done so much for youth hockey in Alaska. Thousands of kids across the State have access to gear and the ability to play this great sport that they otherwise wouldn’t be able to afford. Around Anchorage’s rinks, you will find the dark blue and gold gear—just like our Alaska flag— with a ram. It is the Gomez ram, and it helps kids, no matter their back-grounds or experience, get on the ice and play this great sport. The foundation has put money into rehabbing rinks, like the one in East Anchorage, which is the neighborhood outdoor rink where Scotty learned to play hockey. When the Anchorage School District dropped the girls’ high school hockey in the spring of 2013, the Scotty Gomez Foundation, under Car-los’s leadership, stepped up, picked up the sport for 3 years, and redeveloped it into cooperatives across Anchorage’s eight public high schools. Girls’ hockey in Anchorage is alive today because of Carlos Gomez and his family. Also, in his never forgetting the generosity given to Scotty in his start in hockey, the foundation sponsors youth hockey events and grants for the Boys & Girls Club of Anchorage. That is really giv-ing back to the community. One of the Scotty Gomez Founda-tion’s biggest events every year is the Last Frontier Pond Hockey Classic, which is organized by Carlos and his partner, Mike Davenport, in Big Lake. The event took place just two week-ends ago, and it was quite an event. More than 600 hockey players showed up—kids, lawyers, doctors, slope work-ers, former pro and college players— men and women. Counting everybody, more than 1,000 people, from all walks of life, went to the event to raise money for youth hockey in Alaska. It is amazing what one family can do to touch so many, led by Mr. Carlos Gomez. As Scotty said, ‘‘It was my fa-ther’s dream to give back. This is all him. He always just wants to help oth-ers.’’ If you are a kid in Alaska who wants to play hockey, Carlos Gomez will egg you on and make sure nothing, espe-cially the cost of equipment, will stop you. Scotty said: 
When I was growing up, he was like a fa-ther to all of the neighborhood kids who needed one. My dad’s a true hero. 
I thank Mr. Carlos Gomez for all he has done for Alaska’s youth and youth hockey throughout our great State. We are honored to call him our Alaskan of the Week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MARCH FOR OUR LIVES  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this weekend, Americans around the coun-try and at, at least, a dozen places in my State of Ohio will hold peaceful marches in their communities to de-mand that we in this body—the people who represent them—actually do some-thing to protect them from gun vio-lence, not just state that my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the families but to actually do some-thing. That sort of activism is so important to our democracy. Change never starts in Washington. We make progress be-cause of the grassroots movements of Americans across our country who de-mand action. For too long, Congress has ignored millions of Americans who want reasonable gun safety measures. Instead, this Congress continues to do the bidding of the gun lobbyists. We already see activism making a difference. It is a minor step, but this week, in the bipartisan budget deal, we will vote to loosen government regula-tions that severely limit research on gun safety. It is an important first step, but we have a long way to go. We can’t say we are doing what it takes to keep our country safe until we are fi-nally willing to pass commonsense laws that protect all Americans from gun violence. Many of us have tried. I supported the original Federal as-sault weapons ban in 1994 during my first term in Congress. I joined with many of my colleagues to vote to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.023 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1901 March 22, 2018 
renew it after the shooting at Sandy Hook. Weapons of war don’t belong on our streets or in our classrooms. We have tried to pass legislation to close loopholes in our background check system so the people who buy guns on the internet or at gun shows have to go through the same back-ground checks as law-abiding gun own-ers who buy their guns at stores in Ohio. After the tragedy at the Pulse night-club in Orlando, we tried to pass legis-lation to prevent people on the ter-rorist watch list from buying guns. People can’t believe the law in this country; that if you are on the govern-ment’s terrorist watch list, you can’t go to the Cleveland Hopkins Inter-national Airport in Cleveland, to the John Glenn Columbus International Airport in Columbus, or to the Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington and get on an airplane, which is the right thing, but that you can go out and buy a gun. We know what happened each and every time. The gun lobby stood in the way. It stands in the way, despite the fact that the laws we are talking about will not undermine the rules and rights of law-abiding gun owners. I have al-ways respected the rights of hunters and collectors and other law-abiding gun owners. No one is trying to take away their guns. Yet, when our stu-dents aren’t safe in school, it is clear something has to be done. We will not give up on making our country safer. We will keep fighting until we get weapons of war out of our schools and off our streets. Creating change in our country is not easy. It requires often going up against powerful special interests. It is how things happen in this country. It is how women got the right to vote. It is how we passed civil rights. It is how we passed workers’ compensation. It is how we passed Medicare. It is how we got Social Security. People banded to-gether—activists—around the country. They pushed their country and pushed their government at the State level, at the county level, at the courthouse, at the Capitol in Washington. They stood against powerful special interests and won on behalf of the public. From the Women’s March to airport rallies, to the activism around the Affordable Care Act, last year, Americans proved over and over the power of activism. The people I will be with on Satur-day—my daughters, my wife, and prob-ably three of our grandchildren—will join hundreds of thousands all over this country in fighting for these issues. The people who will be marching on Saturday are the ones we were elected to serve. We were not elected to serve special interest gun lobbyists. These activists give me hope for the future. I hope my colleagues in this body will listen to the activists, not to the lob-byists. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 619, the nomination of Richard Grenell to be Ambassador to Germany. I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, I cannot in good faith support a nominee who has a lengthy track record of tweets at-tacking both prominent Democratic women and prominent Republican women. Since his nomination, these tweets have continued, showing a com-plete disregard for the Senate con-firmation process and a disregard for the seriousness of the position for which he has been nominated. At the same time, Mr. Grenell has been dismissive of the importance of the threat Russia poses to U.S. democ-racy, and we certainly need to have U.S. Ambassadors who can work with our European allies and partners, now more than ever, to reinforce the strength of the institutions we have built to protect the rule of law and de-mocracy and to defend our western de-mocracies against Russian inter-ference. So with that, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to talk about an issue we have talked about a lot in Washington but frankly haven’t done enough about, and that is gun violence. In the next number of hours—certainly all day Saturday—we are going have dem-onstrations across the country. Young people will be going into local commu-nities, as well as coming to Wash-ington, to march on behalf of those whose lives have been lost and to urge us to take action. The exact name of the effort being undertaken is March for Our Lives. We have never seen on this issue—and maybe any other issue—this kind of intense activism that young people have undertaken across the country. This march on Saturday, March for Our Lives, will be unprecedented in re-cent American history. I am going to be in the city of Philadelphia, and I know some people will be marching in Washington, as well as in communities across the country. The focus of the work of young peo-ple across the country—starting with the students in Parkland, FL, but growing all across the country in these many weeks—will be taking action, de-manding that the U.S. Senate, the U.S. House, and any other legislative body that can have an impact on this should take action. That is what they are de-manding. I think there are a number of folks in Washington who have wanted to take action for years. I hope, in response to that activism, in response to those marches, when we come back after our break—and I hope days and weeks after that—that there will be a response here in the Senate and that we will debate the issue or de-bate one amendment or one bill and then vote on it, and then take the next bill and vote on that, and keep going until we have a number of votes. It doesn’t mean that we can be certain of the outcome. In my judgment, the rea-son to have a vote is to make sure that the American people see us debating this issue and voting on it. Otherwise, to take no action, to sim-ply say that there is nothing we can do about a uniquely American problem— the other option of course is to sur-render, to say that gun violence is just part of American life, we have to get used to it, there is nothing we can do about it, and surrender to the problem. I think most Americans don’t want to keep reading that number of deaths that pile up every year. At last count, there were 33,000 gun deaths in 1 year. I don’t think many Americans want to settle for that. That is not the America I know. That is not the America most people know. In America, we take action on tough issues. We tackle them or try to tackle them. We don’t surrender to the prob-lem. We don’t surrender to one polit-ical point of view and say that paral-ysis leads to no solution. That is not American. Back in December of 2012, when Sandy Hook Elementary School was the scene of the kind of horror and car-nage that we have rarely seen in Amer-ican history, there also was that pre-disposition to just move on and do nothing, to say there is nothing we can do. I was confronted with those ques-tions that same weekend because I knew, in the months ahead, there would be a series of votes. There turned out to be a vote on background checks, a vote on the limitation of high-capac-ity magazines—in essence, how many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.024 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1902 March 22, 2018 
bullets can an individual shoot at any one time. That is the reason for the mass casualties. That is the reason we have so many people who die in school shootings or in movie theaters or in nightclubs or in so many other set-tings, and, most recently, in yet an-other school. The third vote, of course, was a vote to ban military-style as-sault weapons. Knowing I would be facing those votes, which turned out to be in the early part of 2013, I had to ask myself a basic question, and I think this is a question a lot of Americans are asking at times like this: Is there nothing the most powerful country in the world, the most powerful country in the his-tory of the human race, could do to at least reduce the likelihood that we will not have more mass shootings, we will not have more school shootings, we will not go year after year, after 33,000 people lost their lives from gunshot wounds—a number that is likely to grow if we don’t take action. That is the choice: Do almost nothing, nothing itself, or take action. That is the fun-damental choice we face. That is why we need votes and debates preceding those votes. It is hard to comprehend that it has been half a decade—5 years—since we had a sustained debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate on gun violence. We have had intermittent debates. We have had limited discussions. We have had some speeches. I guess all of that is helpful, but we have had no sustained debate on one of the major issues fac-ing the American people. They don’t expect us to solve this problem in a couple of days or weeks, but they do expect us to vote, and they expect us to debate. After 5 years, it is about time we had a sustained debate. Many of us receive letters on a range of issues, depending on what the issue of the week is or the issue of the month is. I recently received mail in a form we don’t see enough of anymore—post-cards. These were written by students and individuals too young to even be referred to as students. Here is one that is only age 5. His name is Corey. He said in his note to me that he doesn’t want to have guns in his school, and he wants me to do some-thing about it. It goes on from there in the short note, and he attached some artwork in the back. That is what Corey said; he doesn’t want to have guns in school. Then there is Mason, who wrote to me and said: 
I want to feel safe in school. There should not be guns in my school. 
He goes on to talk about what he is worried about. He said: ‘‘I want to feel safe in school.’’ Then, finally, probably the one who summed up these issues the best was a young man by the name of Hayden. He wrote to me and said: 
I am a 5th grader and I don’t feel safe be-cause it is too easy to get a gun permit. I should not know about this stuff. I don’t feel safe. Then he ended with this question: ‘‘Am I worth it?’’ Then Hayden asked again: ‘‘Am I worth it?’’ He asked that twice in a postcard where he is just writing a few sentences. Then he put a heart on the other side. In a few sen-tences, Hayden is summing up the challenge we face in the Senate and across the country. He said twice in the same letter: ‘‘I do not feel safe. . . . I don’t feel safe’’—something probably most people my age or in my genera-tion, so to speak, never had to worry about. We didn’t think of going to school and being threatened by gun violence. There might have been anxiety in school, there might have been things we were worried about, but this wasn’t one of them. This is new, and this was a uniquely American problem. No other country in the world faces this kind of a problem. We have to ask ourselves if a young person in fifth grade doesn’t feel safe because of these mass shootings, and mass shootings in school, and then asks us, ‘‘Am I worth it,’’ every one of us in both parties should say: Of course, you are worth it, Hayden. Hay-den is worth the effort to try to keep him safe in school. If the answer to that question is yes, that he is worth us doing something about it, then you have to ask the question, What am I going to do about it? Are we just going to do what we usually do around here, just don’t vote, don’t have any sustained debate, and pretend it is not happening because there are forces out there that have a stranglehold on the process that say: You are not even allowed to vote, let alone debate and pass a bill. There are forces out there that don’t even want us to debate the issue, but I think we can do more to respond to Hayden’s request and, of course, re-spond to what young people across the country are demanding. You have young people who are not old enough to vote yet—and I am not just talking about Hayden and his postcard but all those young people who are coming to Washington and going to town squares in small towns and big cities to march for their lives. Many of them are not 18 years old yet. They can’t vote, and they are leading the country, suggesting to us how to vote, demanding that we take action. It is rather ironic that this problem has gotten so bad that young people who still cannot cast a vote are asking us to do our jobs and to vote. It is not difficult to vote in the U.S. Senate. Usually, you just have to be standing and put your hand up or thumb up or some indication to the in-dividuals in the Senate who record those votes. It is not that difficult. It doesn’t require a lot of exertion. It doesn’t require a lot of energy. You just have to be on the floor, be stand-ing, and say yes or no. If someone wants to vote against all these gun measures, if they want to vote against background checks and limitation on the high-capacity magazines and still let what we have in American law now, which is a terrorist can get a gun in America—if you want to continue that, fine. That is your choice. That is your choice, but at least vote. At least have the sense of responsibility to vote on a tough issue. We will have an opportunity to an-swer the postcard and answer the ques-tion Hayden asked—is he worth it? I think he is, and I think we ought to vote. 
DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES AWARENESS  
MONTH  
Mr. President, I will be brief. I just want to note one of the recognitions of this month. I want to take a moment and remind everyone that March is De-velopmental Disabilities Awareness Month. In 2011, the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention estimated that 14 percent of children in the United States have a developmental disability; that is, almost 10 million children. De-velopmental disabilities include au-tism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, learning disabilities, and many other congenital disabilities. In the past, we took a rather pater-nalistic point of view with regard to people with developmental disabil-ities—taking care of them but not rais-ing them up and fostering their skills and abilities. This was shortsighted on our part. Today, with the help of such laws as the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act—we heard a lot about that referred to by its acronym, IDEA—the Americans with Disabilities Act, so- called ADA, and then my legislation from a couple of years ago, the ABLE Act, each of these pieces of legislation are breaking down barriers to encour-age and support people with develop-mental and all types of disabilities. People with developmental disabil-ities contribute numerous benefits to our society. In Pennsylvania, thou-sands of people with developmental dis-abilities are working in competitive, integrated jobs at such places as SAP, FedEx Ground, PNC Bank, Giant Eagle grocery stores, and many small busi-nesses throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. People with developmental disabil-ities make our lives richer and fuller. As we celebrate them, I pledge—I know this is a pledge many in the Senate make—to protect their rights and the rights of all people with disabilities to have equal access to all of our society. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
NOMINATIONS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, ear-lier this week, the Senate voted to con-firm Kevin McAleenan to be the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. This is a national security job. It is the person in charge of mak-ing sure America has secure borders. He was approved unanimously by the Senate Finance Committee that voted on it before it came to the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.028 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1903 March 22, 2018 
In spite of that unanimous vote, the Democrats in this body still delayed this nominee from taking office for as long as they could. They forced the ma-jority to file cloture on it. We had the vote last week, then we had to wait to do it, spend the time, and in the end, 30 Democrats—the Democrats who de-manded we hold a cloture vote, delay the vote—voted in favor of his con-firmation. This had nothing to do with his qualifications for the office. They just wanted to delay and obstruct. That is what we are dealing with here. Forcing a cloture vote on a non-controversial executive nominee used to be extremely rare—hardly ever hap-pened. There were 15 people confirmed after a cloture vote at this point for the previous four Presidents combined. So if you take a look at the previous four Presidents—Obama, Clinton, both Bushes—a total of 15 votes were taken, requiring cloture in each of those Presidencies, total. What about President Trump? Fifty people—50, 5–0—have been confirmed only after deliberate delay by the Democrats, forcing us to waste time on cloture votes. That doesn’t even count people who were nominated to be judges. We are just talking about Pres-idential appointments in the executive branch. This delay is unproductive, and it is unprecedented. Democrats are insisting on cloture votes because there is a Senate rule that allows for up to 30 hours of debate on Presidential nominees after we have had that vote. In reality, very little of this time is actually spent on debating the nominees or their credentials to serve in the office for which they have been nominated. It is a pattern of ongoing obstruction the Democrats have been following since the very first day of the Trump administration. That is right. Since the very first day, Inauguration Day last year, Republicans wanted to vote on Mike Pompeo’s nomination to be head of the Central Intelligence Agen-cy, an important key position in any President’s Cabinet, but we already had the debate in the Foreign Rela-tions Committee. We could have had a debate on the floor that evening, but no. A small number of Democrats blocked it and forced us to have first a cloture vote and delay moving forward, delaying the process from day one—In-auguration Day—of the administra-tion. How much of the 30 hours did the Democrats actually spend debating this person’s qualifications to be head of the CIA? Less than 2 hours. They wasted 30 hours of the whole time; only 2 hours was used in debate. That is how long the Democrats spent on this floor giving their reasons why they wanted to vote against the nominee. It had nothing to do with Mr. Pompeo; it was just so Democrats could waste 3 more days, allowing nothing else to happen, blocking other activities in the Senate. The rules allow the Democrats to stall, and they took full advantage of the rules. It is time, in my opinion, to end this partisan spectacle. We have 78 more nominees for various jobs who have made it through their committee hear-ings and are waiting for a vote on this floor. Most of these people have bipar-tisan support. They can be and will be confirmed easily. The administration has to waste time to get their team in place. Democrats aren’t using the rules for debate. They are not using the rules for deliberation. It is only for delay. It wasn’t and hasn’t always been this way, and there is no reason it should continue this way. The Senate had a different standard for executive branch nominations a few years ago. In 2013 and 2014, the rules said that we would have a full 30 hours of debate only for Cabinet Secretaries; for all other exec-utive branch Presidential appointees, only 8 hours of debate. But today we allow 30 hours on every nomination, and Democrats have shown that, in most cases, it is far too much time. We need a fair debate on every nomi-nation. The procedure from 2013 and 2014 was fair. The way Democrats are wasting time today to keep us from doing work is not fair. It is time to re-turn to the rules for debating nomina-tions that the Senate used 4 years ago. The rules that we used in 2013 and 2014 were the result of a compromise. Democrats controlled the Senate at the time, and a Democrat was making the nominations; that was President Obama. Republicans agreed to a fair time limit on the amount of debate. There was a bipartisan group who worked on this compromise—four Re-publicans, four Democrats—and I was one of the four Republicans who were part of that group. Senator S
CHUMER , who is now the Democratic leader, was part of that group as well. There was overwhelming support for these changes on both sides of the aisle. It is time to change the Senate rules and go back to that process that Senator S
CHUMER supported in 2013 and in 2014 when Democrats were in the majority. Today, Democrats deliberately delay in ways that limit us to a couple of nominations in a typical week. If we go back to the 2014 standard, we could clear multiple nominations in a single day. We should have this process back in place by the time we take up Mike Pompeo’s nomination to be Secretary of State when we get back in April. The world is a dangerous place. We have serious concerns about Russia, Iran, China, and important trade issues that we need to be working on. The President will be meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. America needs to have a full slate of people helping the President on these issues, and we need them to be the correct, very talented people that a President needs. We are fortunate to have Mike Pompeo as the likely nominee to be Secretary of State. He is the right per-son for the job. He knows the issues. He knows the people. He has the intel-ligence. He has the integrity. He has the experience for the job. We will be having confirmation hear-ings in the Foreign Relations Com-mittee in April. Let’s have a hearing, a fair debate, and then let’s vote. Let’s not have any of these continued stall-ing tactics and this pointless obstruc-tion that Democrats have engaged in ever since the first day President Trump took office. Mike Pompeo’s nomination to be Secretary of State will still get 30 hours of debate, and after that, we will need to confirm a new CIA Director. Last year, we allowed 30 hours of de-bate on that nomination, and Demo-crats used only 2 of the 30. Under the compromise rules that I think we should return to, we would allow up to 8 hours of debate. It is clearly enough— more than most people would think would be needed. We have more than 100 other quali-fied people who have been voted on and approved by the appropriate Senate committee, and they are waiting to do important jobs. With all of the threats that our country is facing around the world, it is time for Democrats in the Senate to stop wasting time and stop abusing the rules. It is time for Demo-crats to join Republicans and the President to do all we can to keep America prosperous, safe, and secure. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about H.R. 4851, legislation that just recently passed the Senate in the last hour or so. Hopefully it is on its way to final reconciliation with the House and hopefully will become law later today. Before I talk about that, I want to take a second to recognize some provi-sions that are in the omnibus that we also are going to be voting on in the next few hours, two provisions that are very important to the Pacific North-west—one, finally a fix on fire bor-rowing, which is so important to the entire Northwest but particularly in the State of Washington, which has seen the great impact of forest fires in the last several years. This will end the fire borrowing that we have seen that has prevented us from doing the kind of fuel reduction that we would like to see to protect our communities, and it will help us better manage with stew-ardship contracts and release the funds that should be going to recreation management within our forests. This fire funding fix has been long in the making. I thank my colleagues, Senators W
YDEN , RISCH, and C RAPO , for their hard work, and I thank Bryan Petit from my office, who has worked tirelessly on this as well. We are start-ing a new day in how we treat our for-ests and hopefully one that will reduce the risks to many communities. I thank our colleagues for working so diligently on including a provision on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.029 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1904 March 22, 2018 
affordable housing. This is the first af-fordable housing increase in a decade. I want to thank specifically Senator S
CHUMER and Senator M CCONNELL and Senator H
ATCH , my cosponsor on this legislation, for helping us get this done. This is not everything we would like to see in affordable housing, but certainly it is starting to point in the right direction. I also thank Anna Taylor, Artie Man-del, Lara Muldoon, and Jay Khosla for working so diligently on trying to make the housing crisis something that we have to deal with here in the U.S. Senate. For us in the Pacific Northwest, the homelessness crisis, our returning veterans, our aging popu-lation, and workforce housing have be-come the No. 1 issue. For Seattle and the whole Northwest, starting to put more resources on the table to build af-fordable housing is the right direction, and we need it desperately now, and this legislation will help us. 
KENNEDY -KING NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE  
BILL 
Now, Mr. President, I come with my colleague Senator Y
OUNG —and I know Senator D
ONNELLY wishes he could join us—to talk about the legislation that Representative A
NDRE´CARSON has sent to the Senate and we just recently passed back to the House. This bill des-ignates the Landmark for Peace Memo-rial, which is located in the Martin Lu-ther King Jr. Park in Indianapolis, and it designates it as the Kennedy-King National Commemorative Site. This legislation provides that this commemorative site shall be part of the African American Civil Rights Net-work that Congress established last December, and it will be only the sec-ond commemorative site in our beloved National Park System. The other des-ignation went to Charleston, AR, the location of the first public school in the South to be fully integrated. This national commemorative site, which will remain as part of a city park, is not going to be part of the Na-tional Park System, although I am happy to discuss that with my col-leagues moving forward. The National Park Service is authorized to enter into cooperative agreements to help provide for education and interpreta-tion of this site. The Young-Donnelly amendment re-moves language in the bill authorizing the Park Service to conduct a special resource study and assess its potential for inclusion in the National Park Sys-tem. I know my colleague Senator Y
OUNG is here on the floor, and I thank him for his leadership. I hope that some day he and I can continue, with Senator D
ONNELLY , to expand on this and revisit this issue. The original leg-islation passed unanimously out of the House of Representatives, and I know Senator Y
OUNG worked hard to clear the one objection, but I don’t think that one objection should delay us from furthering our interest in this issue. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the full text of Robert F. Kennedy’s speech in Indianapolis on April 4, 1968, the 50th anniversary coming up next week. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
FULL TEXT OF ROBERT F . KENNEDY ’S SPEECH : 
INDIANAPOLIS , APRIL 4 , 1968 Ladies and Gentlemen, I’m only going to talk to you just for a minute or so this evening, because I have some very sad news for all of you Could you lower those signs, please? I have some very sad news for all of you, and, I think, sad news for all of our fellow citizens, and people who love peace all over the world; and that is that Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight in Memphis, Tennessee. Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between fellow human beings. He died in the cause of that effort. In this difficult day, in this difficult time for the United States, it’s perhaps well to ask what kind of a nation we are and what direc-tion we want to move in. For those of you who are black considering the evidence evidently is that there were white people who were responsible you can be filled with bitterness, and with hatred, and a desire for revenge. We can move in that direction as a coun-try, in greater polarization black people amongst blacks, and white amongst whites, filled with hatred toward one another. Or we can make an effort, as Martin Lu-ther King did, to understand, and to com-prehend, and replace that violence, that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land, with an effort to understand, compas-sion, and love. For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act, against all white people, I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling. I had a member of my family killed, but he was killed by a white man. But we have to make an effort in the United States. We have to make an effort to understand, to get beyond, or go beyond these rather difficult times. My favorite poet was Aeschylus. And he once wrote: Even in our sleep, pain which cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God. What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love, and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or whether they be black. So I ask you tonight to return home, to say a prayer for the family of Martin Luther King yeah, it’s true but more importantly to say a prayer for our own country, which all of us love a prayer for understanding and that compassion of which I spoke. We can do well in this country. We will have difficult times. We’ve had difficult times in the past, but we and we will have difficult times in the future. It is not the end of violence; it is not the end of lawlessness; and it’s not the end of disorder. But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black people in this country want to live together, want to im-prove the quality of our life, and want jus-tice for all human beings that abide in our land. And let’s dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world. Let us dedicate ourselves to that, and say a prayer for our country and for our people. Thank you very much. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, some days we need a reminder of what per-spective in the face of crisis really ac-complishes. We know that 50 years after this historic speech, we have an understanding about how incredibly magnificent this moment was, so I am so glad to join my colleague in com-memorating it. It was about holding the consciousness of a society and how to respond to an unbelievable, tragic, violent event and to hold the con-sciousness of a society with words— just words. And that is the point—that words matter; that words matter to a society. They are what holds us to-gether. They are what creates unity. They are what creates perspective. In this case, they also created history. Senator Kennedy spoke to a crowd in Indianapolis and announced the death of Martin Luther King—an unbeliev-able responsibility. If you watch now in videos of the speech, you will hear the gasps of the audience, who was un-aware that that event, in that moment, had taken place. Yet he spoke to the crowd about why violence and retribu-tion should not be pursued. He created calm among chaos. He created a mo-ment where everybody realized that they were commemorating the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, that his life had been about a nonviolent response to tragedy and to the challenges we face. When we commemorate this moment with this designation, we are com-memorating a moment, in my opinion, of the human spirit. We are commemo-rating a moment—the incredible pain Robert Kennedy must have felt, know-ing that Martin Luther King had just been assassinated. Yet he spoke to the crowd about keeping the peace and re-membering the lessons of Dr. King. We will never know what kind of Presidency RFK might have given our Nation, but we know this from his speech: We know what kind of man he was, and we know what kind of human spirit and soul can communicate, in that moment of tragedy, the direction of a nation. It is so important at this moment in our history that we reflect on this 50th anniversary. At a time when it is bet-ter to use words to speak calmly and competently in the face of tragedy, I hope that here in Washington, we will remember one of the greatest political speeches of all time. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, earlier today, the Senate passed the Kennedy- King National Commemorative Site Act—an effort that I was pleased to lead here in the Senate, alongside my colleague Senator D
ONNELLY . This im-portant legislation commemorates the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.031 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1905 March 22, 2018 
Landmark for Peace Memorial in Indi-anapolis and establishes the site as part of the African American Civil Rights Network. The act would not have passed without the support of both Chairman M
URKOWSKI and Rank-ing Member C
ANTWELL , and I thank both of them and their hard-working staffs for their assistance in this effort. I also extend my sincere gratitude to Representative B
ROOKS , Senator D ON-
NELLY , and Representative C ARSON for working with me to pass this measure that recognizes a significant moment in Indiana’s and our Nation’s history. Two weeks from now, on April 4, the city of Indianapolis will commemorate the 50th anniversary of Senator Robert F. Kennedy’s timeless speech in the Circle City. On that fateful evening in 1968, Senator Kennedy was scheduled to be in Indianapolis for a campaign event. As Senator Kennedy arrived in Indianapolis late that evening, he learned of the tragic death of Martin Luther King, Jr., in Memphis, TN. Sen-ator Kennedy decided to speak to the assembled Hoosiers who had come to see him and inform them of the tragic news of King’s death. He confirmed the terrible rumors that many were begin-ning to hear that evening in the course of his words. Cities throughout America were erupting in riots, in many instances, as they learned of Martin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination. However, in Indian-apolis, Senator Kennedy spoke to the grief-stricken crowd, and he inspired them. He inspired them to replace the hatred they felt with compassion and love. To this day, Hoosiers warmly re-member Senator Kennedy’s moving speech, and we recognize his heartfelt words as a reason why Indianapolis re-mained calm and peaceful while riots swept much of the Nation. I wish to close today with a quote from Senator Kennedy’s speech—pow-erful words that still ring true 50 years after he uttered them. These words will forever mark Senator Kennedy’s grave in Arlington National Cemetery: 
What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness; but love and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or whether they be black. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Senator from Maine will arrive in just a moment, and I ask unanimous con-sent for up to an hour for us and Sen-ator G
RAHAM and Senator R OUNDS to address the Senate within that hour— the four of us, and others who wish—to speak on the health insurance issue within that hour. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTH INSURANCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the plumber making $60,000 whose health insurance is $20,000 and he pays for all of it and about the fact that the bill we are about to vote on today could have had in it bipartisan legislation—sup-ported by the President of the United States, the majority leader, and the Speaker of the House—that would have reduced that plumber’s health insur-ance bill from $12,000 to $8,000, accord-ing to the Oliver Wyman health con-sulting experts, who have evaluated the bipartisan legislation that we have proposed. The only reason it doesn’t have that in there is because Democrats have ob-jected to putting on this bill we are voting on today the traditional Hyde amendment that governs how dollars are spent when an abortion is involved. The traditional Hyde amendment is a compromise that has been on every ap-propriations bill—and this is an appro-priations bill—since 1976 and that Democrats have voted for hundreds of times and Republicans have voted for hundreds of times. On this very bill that we are voting on today, more than 100 times the Hyde language applies to other programs. So Democrats are scrambling and embarrassed, coming up with excuse after excuse, trying to explain to the self-employed businessperson—the farmer, the songwriter, the plumber— who might be making $60,000 or $70,000 and paying $20,000 for their insurance, and paying it all, with no government subsidy—why they are blocking a 40- percent reduction in their health insur-ance and why they will not apply the Hyde language to the health insurance rate reduction and they will apply it to 100 other programs. Not just in past voting but today, every single Demo-crat today who votes for the omnibus bill will be voting to apply the Hyde language restricting abortion to at least 100 other programs. For example, how will they explain this to the plumber, the farmer, and the self-employed businesswoman: I will apply the Hyde language and re-strict Federal funding for abortions to the National Institutes of Health but not to reduce your health insurance rates by 40 percent. I will apply the Hyde language to community health centers today, but I am going to block the bipartisan proposal to reduce your health insurance by 40 percent that is supported by the President, the major-ity leader, and the Speaker of the House. I will vote today to apply the Hyde language to the Federal Employ-ment Health Benefits Program, which provides health insurance to 3 million or so employees, but I will not vote for a health insurance program to reduce your rates by 40 percent because I will not apply the Hyde language to it? How are they going to explain today and next October, when the insurance rates are announced for 2019, 2020, and 2021, that they had an opportunity in March of this year to reduce rates in 2019, 2020, and 2021 by 40 percent and they refused to do it because they said: We will not apply the traditional Hyde language to health insurance, even though we are going to apply it to the Indian health programs, to the VA, to women’s medical care, to global health programs, to the Ryan White HIV/AIDS program—to 100 programs that Demo-crats will be voting on today to apply the Hyde language to. They will do that, but they are going to block bipar-tisan legislation—supported by the President, the majority leader, and the Speaker—that will reduce the health insurance rates of the plumber making $60,000 from $20,000 to $12,000? I want to speak about that plumber. I want to speak ahead to October 1, when the rates for 2019 are announced. I want to talk about Marty, the farmer in Tennessee who I met at the Chick- fil-A, who came up to me and said: I was paying $300 a month for my health insurance, and over the last 5 years it has gone up to $1,300, and I can’t afford it. I said: I have a Christmas present for you. Then, I thought I had a Valentine card for it. Then, I thought I had an Easter present for it, because we got bipartisan legislation, supported by the President, the majority leader, and the Speaker. I said: We can put that in the omnibus bill, we can pass it by the end of March, and we can reduce your rates. There are 9 million Americans who don’t get insurance on the job. They don’t get insurance from the govern-ment. They buy it themselves. They are hardworking Americans. They are the plumber, the farmer, the small bus-inessperson. They are making $60,000, $70,000, $80,000, $90,000 a year. Their in-surance bills are $15,000, $20,000, $25,000 a year. They are rapidly approaching a point, if they haven’t already, that they have to go without insurance be-cause they can’t afford it, and we have a way to do something about that. It is happening in my State of Ten-nessee. Rates went up another 57 per-cent last year for those people. That is thousands of dollars. Yet we could have today reduced their rates by thousands of dollars. Here is how: We have developed two bipartisan bills, beginning in the fall. Our com-mittee—the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee—held four hearings. We had roundtables to which we invited all the Senators. Senator MURRAY , the ranking Democrat, and I presided over this. We talked about all of the issues and tried to see what we could do, and we came up with what we call the Alex-ander-Murray bill. It had two parts to it. The first part was regulatory re-form. We took something already in the Affordable Care Act—the 1332 inno-vation waivers—and we made it pos-sible for States to streamline it and use it. We also added a few other things. We changed the law so that Minnesota and New York could use the basic health plan and could tap into the subsidies in the way that those States wanted to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.032 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1906 March 22, 2018 
it. That is $130 million a year in Min-nesota and $1 billion in New York. Democrats are blocking that today— $130 million in Minnesota and $1 billion in New York, and Democrats are say-ing no to that today. Why? Because they will not apply the Hyde language to the health insurance rate decrease, even though they are going to vote to apply it to 100 other pieces of legisla-tion in this very bill. We did the regulatory reform, and then we did something many Repub-licans didn’t want to do and the Presi-dent didn’t want to do to start with. We extended the cost-sharing subsidy payments for 3 more years. These are payments to reduce rates for low-in-come people on their copays and deductibles. We agreed to do that. Then, Senator C
OLLINS and Senator N
ELSON , a Republican and a Democrat, came up with a plan—the House did, too, with Representative C
OSTELLO —to add reinsurance. Reinsurance is some-thing about which, in our hearings and in our meetings, virtually every Sen-ator in both parties said: We really need to do that, because the reason the individual market is in such trouble is that it has so many of the sickest Americans in it and they are soaking up all the money. The reinsurance program that we suggested and have in Senator C
OLLINS  and Senator N
ELSON ’s bill—3 years, $10 billion a year—would give States funds as well as planning money to set up those invisible risk pools, those rein-surance programs, that were meant for the sickest Americans to have their needs taken care of, and you lower the rates for everybody else. So we have regulatory reform, 3 years of cost-sharing subsidies, 3 years of reinsurance, $10 billion a year. The Congressional Budget Office says: If you score it based on real spending, it actually saves the government money by reducing the premiums that tax-payers have to pay for—a $1 billion ad-vantage for New York for each of the next 3 years, $130 million for Minnesota for each of the next 3 years. We fix the problem in New Hampshire, to allow both Democratic Senators and the Re-publican Governor to say: Please do this; we want to be able to mix our ObamaCare and Medicaid savings. We said: Yes, you can do that, and so can every State. Within the Affordable Care Act, we did what Democrats have been saying to do ever since we couldn’t repeal and replace it last August and said: We will work with you to fix it. The part that needs fixing is the part causing the plumber who makes $60,000 to pay $20,000 for his health insurance, and we have a way to fix it—to reduce it by 40 percent, according to Oliver Wyman consulting; by 20 percent, ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office. Yet the Democrats are blocking it today because they will not apply the traditional Hyde language that they voted for every single year since 1976 in the omnibus bill and that they will be voting on today for 100-plus times. How do you explain that to the plumber? How do you explain that to the farmer? How do you explain that to the 9 million Americans who see their health insurance rates going through the roof? Let’s not make any mistake about who is doing this. We are big boys and girls in the Senate. When we take a stand, we ought to admit it. What the Democrats are doing is they are block-ing a 40-percent rate decrease for one single reason—one single reason. The President of the United States supports it, the Speaker supports it, the major-ity leader supports it, and we are ready to put it in the bill, and they say no. Let’s look down the road to October. All of the insurance companies will an-nounce their rates for 2019, and we will be looking ahead to 2020 and 2021. Rates will be going up instead of going down. The farmer, the self-employed person, the songwriter are going to be saying: How am I going to be able to afford this? Nothing is more important to Ameri-cans than healthcare. Nothing is more frightening to Americans than the prospect of not being able to afford to buy healthcare. That is what we are doing here. I am disappointed by this. I have spent hundreds of hours on this since September. We had a piece of legisla-tion introduced on this floor by 12 Re-publicans and 12 Democrats that the Democratic leader said every single Democrat would vote for and the na-tional Democratic chairman said was great bipartisan legislation. That is two-thirds of our bill. What is the other third? The other third is the Collins-Nelson bill, which adds $10 billion a year for reinsurance. The Governors like this. The State in-surance commissioners like this. The plumber and the songwriter like it. Who doesn’t like it? A few Democrats who are saying that the Hyde lan-guage, which says—let’s be specific about what it says—you can’t use Fed-eral funds for elective abortions, but you may use any other funds. That is exactly the law that we have in our bill. The Hyde language is in the bill we are going to be voting on later today. It was put there in 1976. It is adopted year after year. It is on page 1036, if anybody wants to look it up. Then, there is language in the bill that we are going to be voting on today re-stricting Federal employee health ben-efits with Hyde-like language, which is on page 588. You will be voting for it today. Then, there is the title X family planning legislation. That is in the bill you are going to be voting for, as well, today. That is Hyde language. Then, there is the Mexico City legislation. You are going to vote for that today. But you are going to tell the farmer, the songwriter, and the employer that they are not allowed to have a 40-per-cent health insurance decrease. They are going to have to not be able to af-ford health insurance for their family. As to Federal funding for the DC gov-ernment, you are going to vote for that today. Using funds for elective abor-tions is restricted in the bill that we are voting on today. Senator COLLINS from Maine is here, and the Senator from South Carolina is here. They have worked hard on this. We are a group of Senators who I think are fairly, usually seen as trying to get results around here. We are greatly dis-appointed by this—not just for this in-stitution but for the people we serve because the hard, simple fact is that we have legislation that could be in this bill that will reduce your health insur-ance rates by 40 percent starting in 2019 and continuing for the next 2 years, until it gets up to 40. We have the support of the President. We have the support of the Speaker. We have the support of the majority leader. But the Democratic leader says: You can’t have it in the bill. We are going to vote 100 times to apply the Hyde language to everything from the National Institutes of Health to com-munity health centers, but we are not going to let you reduce healthcare rates. That is why Democrats are scram-bling, coming up with excuse after ex-cuse. They are going to have to really come up with scrambling and excuse after excuse on October 1, when the rates are announced. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from South Caro-lina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I will be very brief. The first thing I want to do is to thank Senators A
LEXANDER  and C
OLLINS for trying to work very hard to solve a problem that we can fix. There are a lot of things about healthcare that I don’t see us fixing be-tween now and tomorrow. This is not one of them. Healthcare is very com-plex. It is one-fifth of the economy. I think there is a better way to do healthcare than ObamaCare. Most Re-publicans want to replace it. Most Democrats want to repair it. We are not talking about that. We are talking about an island of agree-ment that will matter between now and October—what Senator A
LEXANDER  and M
URRAY came up with. You had bi-partisan support. There are two provi-sions that allow flexibility in terms of the 1332 regulations and to continue payments to make sure that person who makes too much for a subsidy but not enough to be self-sufficient when it comes to healthcare gets a little bit of help. That is the plumber and the other people that Senator A
LEXANDER de-scribed. President Obama took care of these people through Executive action. That has been found to be unconstitutional by our courts. Legislatively, we are trying to continue this program to help somebody whose premiums are going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.034 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1907 March 22, 2018 
through the roof but who are not eligi-ble for the statutory subsidies and cre-ate a new level of help that will keep their premiums from skyrocketing and actually decrease their premiums in October by 40 percent. There are a lot of things we can agree on, and there are a lot of things we can accomplish when it comes to healthcare, but this is not one of them. I can only imagine how these two Sen-ators feel. Senator C
OLLINS , working with Sen-ator N
ELSON from Florida, added a third provision to the Alexander-Mur-ray concept that makes eminent sense. I doubt if there is one Governor in the country who would oppose what Sen-ator C
OLLINS is trying to do—to allow States to petition for Federal funding to help the States deal with the sickest people in that State by coming up with innovative, high-risk pools and allow-ing States to experiment with what works best for the sickest people in their State by accessing Federal fund-ing. You can’t spend it on roads and bridges, but you can use it for the high- risk population, the people who drive the most cost. I doubt if there is any Governor in the country who would say that this is a bad idea. Senator N
ELSON thinks it is a good idea. Our most conservative Members in the House think it is a good idea. We have taken Alexander-Murray and added a third component that I think is an excellent idea. When you combine the three things, you can lower the cost by 40 percent for that self-insured person who makes over $45,000 and lower their premiums by 40 percent by October. It matters a lot to the people de-scribed, and there are millions of these people who will not get a 40-percent re-duction. They are going to get a 10-per-cent or a 20-percent increase, and al-ready they are paying about 25 to 30 percent of their income just for healthcare. It is mind-boggling that we are where we are. I will just add this and turn it over to Senator R
OUNDS . How did we get here? I think the desire to control the House and take back the Senate is over-whelmingly good policy. Somebody on the other side believes that if we can block this proposal—the Collins-Nel-son-proposal, the Alexander-Murray proposal—if we can keep that from be-coming law, these premium increases that are surely to come will fall upon the Republican Party and will give us yet another tool to take back the House and regain the majority in the Senate. The reason I say that is be-cause I have come to believe that there is no other explanation, and that is sad. That to me is a real dropping of the Democratic Party in terms of the role they play around here. We work together where we can. Sometimes we are wrong; sometimes they are right. Sometimes it is the other way around. But this is the one occasion where we seem to have been right up until now. Why is it not in the omnibus bill? Be-cause of Democratic objections. Last Saturday, we spent an hour on the phone with the President of the United States—Senator COLLINS , Senator A
LEXANDER , myself, and Congressman W
ALDEN —talking about this proposal, about how it would lower premiums, how it is good policy, and how this is the right way to continue to help the people in question. At the end of the hour discussion, the President said: Count me in. I want to help. I agree to the concept. What would you like me to do? It never crossed our minds to call a Democrat. Our concern was the House. We needed the President to call Speak-er R
YAN. Senator M CCONNELL was en-thusiastic for this. We honestly be-lieved that the problem would be in the House, with our Freedom Caucus friends. We asked the President to call the Speaker of the House, and K
EVIN M
CCARTHY , and he did. The Speaker told him: We are for it. I thought: home run. Between last Saturday and now, what happened is that N
ANCY PELOSI , the mi-nority leader in the House, and Senate Democrats have objected to this pro-posal, and the rationale is abortion. The language that is in law is exactly the same language that would apply to this legislation. The Stupak language applying to the Affordable Care Act, dealing with Federal funds and abor-tion, is still the law of the land. But under the omnibus approach, we are going to run the subsidies through the Labor-HHS bill, where Hyde protection would apply—no more, no less than any other Federal dollar dealing with healthcare. Senator A
LEXANDER has done a very good service to the body. In the bill that we will vote on soon, there are over 100 applications of the Hyde lan-guage to healthcare spending at the Federal level. Apparently, these dollars don’t make the cut. Why? They know that if we don’t get this relief in March, in October premiums are going to go up, and they are literally making up a phony excuse based on Hyde pro-tections. The reason I know it is phony is that, if they really believe what they are saying about Hyde language, they wouldn’t vote for this bill at all be-cause every other Federal dollar runs through the same system we are pro-posing this go through. If you really cared about the abortion issue the way you claim, you could not support this bill or any other piece of legislation that has been around since 1976. Clearly, the Hyde problem is not much of a problem when it comes to every other Federal healthcare dollar. It is only a problem here. The only rea-son it is a problem here is that you don’t want us, as Republicans, working with you to fix a problem that needs to be fixed because you are thinking of October in terms of your political fu-ture. You are not thinking of October in terms of people. Here is what I hope happens to you. I hope you lose votes. We have our prob-lems on our side. We will probably pay a price come November about some of the things we have done wrong. All I can say to my Democratic colleagues is this: The reason you are stopping this provision from becoming law is that you think it gives you a political ad-vantage in November because of pre-mium increases in October. This is ex-actly why the American people hate politics so much. I want to be on record in March as being a Member of the Senate who works with the other side when I can, surrounded by people on my side of the aisle who are historically seen as cen-trists when it comes to trying to solve problems. There is nobody on this floor who has a reputation of being an ideo-logue. Senator COLLINS is a pro-choice Republican, and she is OK with sending these dollars through Hyde protections because they have been around so long. L
ISAMURKOWSKI is a pro-choice Repub-lican. She was with us yesterday, say-ing that she is dumbfounded about this argument about abortion. So play the tape later on. When the premiums go up 10 to 20 percent for hard-working people and there is a de-bate about why that happened, I want somebody to play this tape, because we have 24 hours to stop that. Every expert who has looked at this says the following: If you do Alex-ander-Murray-Collins-Nelson, you will prevent a premium increase of 10 to 20 percent, and you will lower premiums in the next couple of years by up to 40 percent. I don’t know what the day is. It is some day in March, but I have lost track of what day it is. Yet I am here to say, when that debate comes about in October, I want you to play this tape. We had a chance today to fix this problem, and the only reason we are not going to do it is due to our Demo-cratic colleagues’ decision to play poli-tics with this issue rather than to solve the problem. The President of the United States is for this. The majority leader of the U.S. Senate is for this. The Speaker of the House is for this. Every Republican leader is for this. The Senators on the floor who work with Democrats are for this. We are urging our colleagues, be-fore it is too late, to change their minds and get this into an omnibus in a fashion so as to lower premiums, not to sit on the sidelines and watch them go up. So, when the debate happens in October, play this tape. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, first of all, let me offer my thanks to Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator C OLLINS , and let me add my support for what Sen-ator G
RAHAM has just indicated in terms of the importance of this par-ticular amendment to the omnibus bill. Look, I am a pro-life Republican. By allowing the Hyde amendment to pre-vail in this particular case, as it does with all of the other funding that we send back to the States so that it can-not be used to fund abortions—and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.036 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1908 March 22, 2018 
is what this is all about—it allows us to still continue to provide, with clear consciences, the dollars necessary to provide healthcare for individuals who otherwise may not get it. This particular proposal allows for States to, once again, take charge of part of the healthcare that we want to see delivered at the local level. By tak-ing section 1332 and expanding what States can do, we actually provide more local control, which is a conserv-ative approach. It is also one more op-portunity to reduce the impact of what many of us have said was a mistake with ObamaCare in the first place. For conservatives, a lot of us cam-paigned on the fact that we wanted to repeal and replace ObamaCare. To re-peal it and replace it, you have to have 60 votes here. In this particular case, what we have said is: Let’s take those parts that are the most onerous and those parts that are adding to the cost of healthcare and take those out, but let’s provide and continue to provide the protections that some people feel ObamaCare was responsible for, such as guaranteed renewable products, which were included in South Dakota’s law before ObamaCare ever came along, and the opportunity for everybody to apply for a policy and to be accepted one way or another. This particular piece of legislation allows for, perhaps, as many as 3.2 mil-lion Americans to actually be able to afford the policies that, today, they can’t afford. I believe Senator A
LEX-
ANDER used the example of someone who is making $60,000 a year and has a bill of $20,000 for his healthcare. The re-ality is that that person is not buying healthcare. So let’s allow those folks the opportunity to have a reduction in the premiums that they otherwise could not afford to pay. This allows for the States, on a very responsible basis, to do what Senator C
OLLINS , as a former insurance com-missioner, understands so clearly. What we have done with ObamaCare is to force individuals who have no place else to go into what we call the indi-vidual market. When we force all—or the vast majority—of the individuals who have health problems into the in-dividual market to get coverage, it ar-tificially drives up the cost of that in-dividual policy. That individual mar-ket makes up 6 percent of the total number of the people who are covered, but that 6 percent of the premium going in picks up an unfairly large number of individuals who have no place else to go to get insurance. That drives the cost of the premiums up for those individuals and makes it, in many cases, more costly than they could ever afford. With a reinsurance provision for the States, it allows for a State to say: Look, issue the policies, but then allow us to expand the base over which we spread those losses. Let those States do that. This worked successfully before ObamaCare was ever a bad dream. This allows for us to take a larger base of people to share and to spread that risk. When you do that, you make that mar-ket more stable, and you start to in-vite carriers to step back into the mar-ket. That is what this is all about. I am not going to try to assign the intention of our colleagues who are on the other side of the aisle. I am a prag-matist. I really do believe that we have some very sincere colleagues on the other side of the aisle who understand how important this is. What I would invite is this: I am a conservative Republican. I want to see this move forward. I think, for the good of the American people, this is the right move to make. I would ask our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to consider the good this would do for people across this entire country and to find a way to work through this process in such a fashion that they could comfortably come forward and help us to get this to the finish line. If we can do this, we will make things better not just for those 3.2 mil-lion Americans who would be able to qualify for insurance once again and be able to pay for it, but we honestly be-lieve—and it is the Congressional Budget Office that has suggested this— that somewhere between 20 percent of the premiums they would otherwise pay would solidly be reduced. In some cases, according to healthcare profes-sionals in the private market—these are the people who actually suggest and work with the insurance compa-nies—as much as 40 percent of that total cost could be reduced. This is not a partisan issue. This is a matter of trying to actually make an impact on the lives of real Americans who need our help. Remember that the American people did not ask for ObamaCare, but they are the ones who are suffering because of the premium increases that have been caused by this law in the first place. What we are trying to do in what is, hopefully, an acceptable fashion is to find colleagues on the other side of the aisle who will once again join us in this legislation that they had previously supported—for them to find a way to step forward—and actually help fix a problem for real Americans. Once again, I thank the Senator from Tennessee for all of the hard work he has done. As a former Governor, he un-derstands that, once in a while, you reach across the aisle, and you find ways to get things done. In the Senate, it requires 60 votes to make this hap-pen. I thank Senator C
OLLINS for her work. She is a former insurance com-missioner. She gets it. She understands it. We want to find the common ground that it takes to actually fix a problem for the American people. This is not and should not be a partisan issue—fix-ing a problem that we all agree exists today. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to speak for up to 30 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, we have the opportunity today to take im-mediate action to lower the cost of health insurance by as much as 40 per-cent and to increase the affordability of insurance for millions of Americans who purchase plans in the individual market. I commend Senator ALEXANDER , the chairman of the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, for his extraordinary leader-ship and hard work in this area. I am also very pleased with the work that has been done by Representative G
REG WALDEN , the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, and Representative C
OSTELLO . We have come together, along with a substantial number of our colleagues, including Senators G
RAHAM , ROUNDS , I
SAKSON , and M URKOWSKI , among many others, on this very important insur-ance stabilization and rate reduction package. Let me begin by outlining the major provisions of what it is that we are pro-posing, because there has been, unfor-tunately, a lot of misunderstanding and, dare I say, misinformation. First, our legislation, based on the Alexander-Murray bill, would fund the cost-sharing reduction subsidies for 3 years. These are vital for Americans who have incomes that are below 250 percent of the poverty level. CSRs pro-vide government assistance to help them pay for their deductibles and their copays. Second, our proposal also improves the ability of the States to take fur-ther steps to lower insurance premiums for their citizens. We provide meaning-ful flexibility for States by revising section 1332 of the Affordable Care Act, which authorizes State innovation waivers. Third, based on a bill that I authored with Senator B
ILLNELSON , our pro-posal provides a total of $30 billion over 3 years for States to have reinsurance, or invisible high-risk pools, by apply-ing for a waiver under the section 1332 program I just mentioned. As I know the Presiding Officer well knows, reinsurance is a proven method for dealing with high-risk, expensive claims. It reduces uncertainty and has benefits not only for those who have preexisting conditions and need expen-sive healthcare but for the entire indi-vidual market, and it has been proven to work in States like Maine and Alas-ka. We have also included $500 million to assist States with the planning of the designs of their own reinsurance, or in-visible high-risk pools. In the House, the Costello bill also had a Federal fallback in recognizing that we were late in the year and that we wanted to provide help immediately, which we have included for 2019, to give States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.037 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1909 March 22, 2018 
time to apply for waivers under section 1332. What does our bill not do? Our proposal does not change the Af-fordable Care Act’s essential benefit re-quirements. It does not change the guarantee that an individual will be able to buy insurance. It does not change the protections for people with preexisting conditions. Yet it ensures that the Federal funding directly bene-fits consumers and not insurance com-panies. In considering this plan, Congress faces a fundamental question: Do we want to take action to significantly re-duce the cost of health insurance for millions of Americans or are we just going to sit back, say no, and let this opportunity pass us by? Time is short. If Congress fails to act, insurance rates in the individual market will skyrocket this fall. This will directly harm the 9 million Ameri-cans who pay for their own insurance without government or employer as-sistance. That is, for example, the fish-erman in my State who is self-em-ployed, the electrician, the plumber, the carpenter—there are so many—the hair stylist. They are already paying far too much for their healthcare costs. Well, all of them will be facing another double-digit premium increase if they are to be insured, and rates can only be expected to continue to climb. Healthcare premiums are already too expensive under the Affordable Care Act. That is one of the problems with the Affordable Care Act that I have been committed to fixing. Last year, the average price of the Affordable Care Act silver plans, which are the most popular plans, increased on aver-age by 34 percent. A growing number of counties in our country are at risk of having no insurers or only one insurer, leaving hard-working individuals with few or no choices for health insurance coverage. Inaction will only exacerbate the premium spikes and the market in-stability we have already experienced. When our country is confronted with such a serious problem—I mean, what is more important to people than healthcare?—Americans expect us to come together. They expect us to work constructively. They expect us to pro-vide real relief from the rising cost of health insurance, which makes health insurance unaffordable for far too many Americans, and that is precisely what our plan would do. Let me be crystal clear. Our proposal is the last opportunity—the last oppor-tunity—to prevent these rate increases that will go into effect, which will be announced on October 1. Our package will help to stabilize the insurance markets and make them more competi-tive. Every study has shown that our bill would make health insurance more af-fordable. According to the leading healthcare experts at Oliver Wyman, our bill would lower individual health insurance premiums in the individual market by as much as 40 percent com-pared to what people will otherwise pay if Congress fails to act. According to Oliver Wyman, it would also expand coverage to an additional 3.2 million Americans. I want to touch on a complicated but important issue that some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have raised as a reason not to pass this bill. There have been two reasons. One is the application of the Hyde amend-ment, which has been law for decades, which I will talk about subsequently, but the first has to do with what is re-ferred to as silver-loading and zero-pre-mium bronze plans. First a little background. The Afford-able Care Act was designed to provide two key subsidies for enrollees who purchased coverage on the exchange and qualified from an income stand-point. The first are premium tax cred-its to help cover the cost of premiums for individuals earning between 100 and 400 percent of the Federal poverty level. The second are cost-sharing sub-sidies, or CSRs, to help cover the cost of deductibles and copays and other out-of-pocket expenses for individuals who are very low-income—earning be-tween 100 and 250 percent of the Fed-eral poverty level. Despite the fact that Congress never appropriated the funds to pay for the cost-sharing reductions, the Obama ad-ministration paid them anyway. The House sued to block this strategy and won in Federal district court. Lacking an appropriation from Con-gress, President Trump stopped mak-ing these payments last year. That concerned many of us, but let me make clear—he was following the court’s de-cision. In response, insurance compa-nies came up with the silver-loading strategy, under which they increased the price of their silver plans to com-pensate for the cost-sharing reduction payments they were no longer receiv-ing. In essence, insurers have created silver plans that mimic CSRs for low- income enrollees. Because the ACA’s tax credits are tied to the silver plan premium, the tax credits ballooned in size, producing credits so large that they are often sufficient to fully cover the premiums on the bronze plans for lower income enrollees and, by the way, greatly increased the cost to Fed-eral taxpayers, which is why the bill we put together, by right-sizing the market and avoiding the games that were played, actually pays for itself. We all remember the old saying that ‘‘if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.’’ Well, free bronze plans for low-income individuals sounded too good to be true, and they are. I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are listening to this explanation. The fact is that free bronze plans are only a good deal for low-income Americans who never get sick, who never get hurt, who never need to use their insurance. If they do, they will pay hundreds or even thou-sands of dollars more out of pocket. While these plans might have lower monthly payments or even be free, they have much higher deductibles and copays. Based on publicly available data pulled from the exchanges, I am going to describe an example illus-trating that individuals with free bronze plans will face much steeper costs when they try to access care than if they paid the small premium for the silver plan. Let’s take the example of Chris and Caroline, ages 34 and 32, who live in Portland, ME. They bought coverage on the exchange for themselves and their two young children for 2018. They make about $34,500 a year, which is about 140 percent of the Federal pov-erty level. They saw that they could get a ‘‘free’’ bronze plan, or they could choose to buy the cheapest silver plan for $54.83 a month. They chose the free bronze plan, not realizing that the sil-ver plan would have given them access to subsidies, which provide lower deductibles and copays to low-income people. If Caroline gets pregnant this year and they are under the free bronze plan, they are going to have to pay out of pocket $7,350—and they make $34,500 a year. Had they picked the least ex-pensive silver plan, they would have had to pay $500. Consider a hypothetical couple in their early thirties, Jacob and Emma, with two young children, living in Se-attle, WA. They are making just under $35,000 a year. When they went shop-ping for coverage on the exchange, they, too, saw that they could get a free bronze plan, or they could buy the least expensive silver plan for about $84 a month. Jacob and Emma chose the free bronze plan, which doesn’t come with the subsidies included in the sil-ver plan to help low-income families with deductibles and copays. If some-one in this young family faces a serious illness this year, the silver plan in Washington State would have capped Emma and Jacob’s additional expenses at $660. Unfortunately, they have the so-called free bronze plan that some of my colleagues have been touting. They would face up to $7,210 in out-of-pocket expenses—hardly an affordable option for this low-income family. It used to be well understood by the affordability advocates in and out of the Senate that low-income Americans struggled to meet deductibles and out- of-pocket expenses. Just 1 year ago today, the Kaiser Family Foundation issued a report arguing against the House reform bill because it did not contain CSRs, noting that ‘‘cost-shar-ing reductions are a key part of the fi-nancial support currently provided to [low-income] enrollees’’ and that with-out such support, deductibles ‘‘are often out of reach for people with lower and modest income.’’ A prior Kaiser Family Foundation re-port from 2015 showed that only 1 in 10 individuals earning between 100 and 250 percent of the Federal poverty level— those are the individuals who would be eligible for CSRs under our bill—has savings or other assets large enough to cover a $6,000 deductible. In other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.038 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1910 March 22, 2018 
words, without CSRs, 90 percent of these individuals will have to wipe out their savings to cover their medical ex-penses before they even meet their de-ductible. Those who can’t meet their deductible won’t get reimbursed. For these Americans, a zero-premium plan will really mean a zero-benefit plan. I cannot believe that silver-loading and free bronze plans is a credible long- term strategy. First, I would note, in addition to the examples I have given, that CBO assessments from last year were that the silver-loading strategy would cost the Federal taxpayers $194 billion over the budget window. Sec-ond, because low-income individuals will struggle to meet their deductibles, they will be unable to secure reim-bursement of expenses. Sooner or later, taxpayers are going to be asking why they are paying nearly $200 billion more to subsidize policies that deliver such poor benefits. To be clear, the amendment we are offering prevents this strategy, pro-tecting lower and modest-income en-rollees, low-income families and indi-viduals and the taxpayers. Now, let me discuss the Hyde amend-ment. I am disappointed, to say the least, that Democrats, who ought to have embraced this proposal, have in-stead rejected it because its funding is subject to the Hyde amendment. As a pro-choice Republican, I must say this puzzles me. The Hyde amendment has prohibited the use of taxpayer dollars to pay for elective abortions for more than 40 years. It is not new policy. The entire Labor-HHS title of the omnibus before us today is subject to the Hyde amendment. There are variations of the Hyde amendment in other titles of the omni-bus spending bill. It applies to a long list of Federal programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, TRICARE, Veterans Affairs, Indian Health Serv-ice, the Peace Corps, the Bureau of Prisons, Immigration and Customs En-forcement. I have heard it said that it doesn’t apply to commercial insurance that is offered by the Federal Govern-ment—that is just not true. It applies to the Federal Employees Health Bene-fits Program, through which 8.3 million employees, retirees, and their families get their health insurance coverage. I have not seen my Democratic friends make any effort to change the applica-bility of Hyde to that insurance pro-gram. Together, these programs account for more than $1 trillion in government spending each year—all of which is cov-ered by the Hyde amendment. That is 100 times the amount of reinsurance we are proposing in our amendment. A trillion dollars of Federal healthcare funding is already covered by the Hyde amendment, which has been policy for 40 years. So how is this, in any way, a radical departure from current policy? I find it frustrating that some on the other side of the aisle are choosing to block this important package that will provide relief to those who need it most because of the application of the Hyde amendment. Let me say, they cite the Stupak amendment, which is section 1303 of the Affordable Care Act. We leave that in place, we don’t touch it, and we do not change the Hyde amendment’s exemptions found in sec-tion 507, which allow private entities, State governments, or individuals to use their own funds to provide coverage for abortion. In other words, this is nothing radical or new, and it is baf-fling and gravely disappointing that this should be used to block this pack-age. Dozens of healthcare consumer and business groups, as well as the Na-tional Association of Insurance Com-missioners—those State commissioners whose job it is to look out for con-sumers—have called upon Congress to take action to lower premiums for mil-lions of Americans and their families. These groups include the American Hospital Association, Blue Cross Blue Shield, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Medical Association, the American Cancer Society, the Amer-ican Academy of Family Physicians, the Federation of American Hospitals, and there are a wide range of groups representing people with diseases, such as arthritis, cancer, epilepsy. The United Way has called for action, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the Amer-ican Lung Association. Just yesterday, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners put out a new letter in support of market stabilization. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that these three letters be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my remarks. Mr. President, how incredibly dis-appointing it would be if some Mem-bers derailed this serious effort to re-duce the cost of health insurance for millions of Americans. While Members may disagree with certain provisions, the time has come for each and every Senator to decide: Are you for lower rates and more affordable coverage for the 18 million Americans who get their insurance from the individual market or are you content to just sit back and let their insurance rates soar once again this fall, making health insur-ance even less affordable than it al-ready is? In my view, the answer is clear and obvious. We must not lose sight of our goal, and that is making health insur-ance more affordable for millions of Americans. Including our insurance package in the omnibus funding bill is the right thing to do, and it is urgent that we do it now. Thank you. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF INSUR -
ANCE COMMISSIONERS & T HECEN-
TER FOR INSURANCE POLICY AND  R
ESEARCH , March 21, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR ALEXANDER , Chair, Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTY MURRAY , Ranking Member, Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ALEXANDER , R ANKING  M
EMBER MURRAY , AND SENATOR COLLINS : Members of the National Association of In-surance Commissioners (NAIC) continue to urge congressional support for health insur-ance market stabilization reforms and ap-plaud the Senate leaders who have worked across the political aisle to advance them. If Congress does not act to stabilize health in-surance markets, continued uncertainty re-garding federal funding, the health of the risk pool, and regulatory requirements will result in even higher premiums and, pos-sibly, fewer carriers participating on the ex-change—perhaps even bare counties. This is why commissioners from across the political spectrum have contacted their con-gressional delegations, testified before House and Senate committees, and urged federal policymakers to take immediate action to stabilize the health insurance markets. Specifically, state regulators support mar-ket stabilization reforms that would: Provide federal funding for reinsurance programs to address the deteriorating risk pools; Fully fund cost-sharing reduction (CSR) payments that are owed to insurance car-riers that provide low-cost sharing plans to lower-income enrollees; and, Make the Section 1332 waiver process more streamlined and predictable for states. These concepts have received bipartisan support and, contrary to some rhetoric, are in no way a ‘‘bailout’’ of the insurance indus-try. They directly benefit consumers and help stabilize the risk pool. CSR payments reimburse carriers for providing a lower cost version of their Silver plans to eligible con-sumers, and establishing reinsurance funding acknowledges that the risk pools in many states are much sicker than anticipated and help is needed to backstop markets that might otherwise cease to exist in some coun-ties. Section 1332 waiver flexibility will pro-vide states clearer guidance and quicker ac-tion to address their market realities, while preserving guardrails to protect consumers. And finally, the Senate rightly acknowledges that ‘‘sales across state lines’’ are best left to the states in the form of interstate com-pacts. As insurance commissioners, we attempt to assess these reforms with an apolitical perspective, but we recognize that the polit-ical process in Washington does not always allow for a perfect result. What is clear, how-ever, is that without these reforms markets across the country will continue to deterio-rate, and consumers will pay the price for this inaction. We applaud Senators who have worked to advance these reforms and we urge all Members of Congress to support them and stabilize health insurance markets for our nation’s consumers. Sincerely, J
ULIE MIXMCPEAK, NAIC President, Com-missioner, Tennessee Department of Com-merce & Insurance. R
AYMOND G. F ARMER , NAIC Vice President, Director, South 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.039 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1911 March 22, 2018 
Carolina Depart-ment of Insurance. E
RICA. C IOPPA , NAIC President-Elect, Superintendent, Maine Bureau of In-surance. G
ORDON I. ITO, NAIC Secretary-Treas-urer, Commissioner, Insurance Division, Hawaii Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. 
CONGRESS MUSTACTNOW TO PREVENT PRE-
MIUM SPIKES AND COVERAGE LOSSES FOR  M
ILLIONS OF AMERICANS , SAY 20 P ATIENT  
ANDCONSUMER GROUPS  W
ASHINGTON , D.C., Mar. 13, 2018.—20 pa-tient and consumer groups issued the fol-lowing statement urging Congress to include legislation in the forthcoming omnibus spending bill to steady the health insurance market: ‘‘Congressional leaders must include provi-sions to stabilize the health insurance mar-ket in the March 23rd omnibus government funding bill to prevent millions of Americans from losing health insurance coverage. In the coming months, insurers will set plan rates for 2019 and a shaky marketplace will likely result in premium spikes—putting health insurance out of reach for many pa-tients and families. Several bipartisan proposals under consid-eration could preserve and even expand ac-cess to affordable health insurance for mid-dle class families. They include cost-sharing reduction policies that could improve afford-ability for low-income Americans and the creation of a reinsurance program to help keep premiums stable for those with pre-ex-isting conditions. We urge Congress to move swiftly, so that plans on state exchanges can stabilize, and perhaps lower, premiums for the millions of Americans who will turn to the marketplace for coverage next year. Both parties in Congress have pledged to protect people with pre-existing conditions, but recent regulatory actions taken by the Trump administration to expand association and short-term health plans could undermine existing protections. Recent data indicates that the number of Americans who are uninsured is on the rise again for the first time since 2008. At the end of 2017, 12.2 percent of U.S. adults lacked health insurance—up from 10.9 percent at the end of 2016, an increase of 3.2 million people. Quality insurance coverage improves pa-tient outcomes and allows Americans to stay healthy and remain financially secure. The vulnerable communities we represent simply cannot afford to lose access to health insur-ance that protects their livelihood and wellbeing.’’ American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network; American Heart Association; American Lung Association; Arthritis Foundation; Autism Speaks; Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation; Cystic Fibrosis Foundation; Epilepsy Foundation; Family Voices; Futures Without Vio-lence. Leukemia & Lymphoma Society; Lu-theran Services in America; March of Dimes; National Alliance on Mental Illness; National Health Council; Na-tional Multiple Sclerosis Society; Na-tional Organization for Rare Disorders; National Patient Advocate Founda-tion; United Way Worldwide; Volun-teers of America. 
DEAR LEADERS MCCONNELL AND SCHUMER , S
PEAKER RYAN, AND LEADER PELOSI : Ameri- cans need action now. We came together earlier this month to stress the importance of congressional ac-tion to lower healthcare premiums. Time is running out. In the next few weeks, health insurance providers will begin to file premium rates for 2019 in the individual market. In October, in-dividuals and families who buy their own coverage will review their options, see their premiums, and make their choices. Without Congressional action now, the plans offered to Americans will be nearly 30 percent more expensive than they would be otherwise. Congress is working on an omnibus appro-priations bill that it must act on by March 23. As providers of health care and coverage to hundreds of millions of Americans, we urge you to ensure that bill includes ele-ments that will reduce premiums, improve affordability, and improve the individual market for 2019 and beyond: Establish a premium reduction/reinsurance program to help cover the costs of people with significant health care needs. Provide multi-year funding for cost-shar-ing reduction (CSR) benefits. According to independent analyses by Avalere Health and Oliver Wyman, enacting both legislative provisions could lower pre-miums by up to 21% in 2019 and increase en-rollment and expand coverage to over 1.5 million Americans. By 2020, premiums could be 40% lower with an additional 2.1 million Americans enrolled and covered. Moreover, this legislation will help physicians and hos-pitals better serve the health care needs of patients in their community and lower costs for businesses that provide coverage to their employees. Time is running short. We urge you to de-liver on the promise to reduce premiums for millions of Americans and their families. Sincerely, AMERICA ’SHEALTH  I
NSURANCE PLANS ; A
MERICAN ACADEMY OF  F
AMILY PHYSICIANS ; A
MERICAN BENEFITS  C
OUNCIL ; A
MERICAN HOSPITAL  A
SSOCIATION ; A
MERICAN MEDICAL  A
SSOCIATION ; B
LUECROSS BLUESHIELD  A
SSOCIATION ; F
EDERATION OF AMERICAN  H
OSPITALS ; U.S. C
HAMBER OF  C
OMMERCE . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Maine for her lucid and heartfelt description of what is before us. She has been an exceptional leader, and she continues to be. She looks for ways to get results. She sees people—the plumber I talked about making $60,000, the styl-ist, a farmer—the person who is work-ing and paying all of his or her insur-ance with no subsidy help and who sees the real prospect coming that when the rates are announced October 1, they may not be able to afford any insur-ance, and they can see we have a solu-tion for that. Now, this isn’t a Republican solution or a Democratic solution. This is a so-lution that began to be developed al-most the day Republicans failed to re-peal and replace ObamaCare. I walked across the aisle to see if we could do what the Democrats were asking. Let’s fix what we have temporarily so no-body is hurt. As we have explained this afternoon, we did that. We have a proposal that is the origi-nal Alexander-Murray proposal, devel-oped in four hearings, in which more than half the Senate participated, which at one point the Democratic leader said every single Democrat would vote for. It takes an existing part of the Affordable Care Act and makes it work—that is the innovation waiver—gives States more flexibility to create more choices and lower cost choices without changing the essential health benefits, without changing the guarantee for preexisting conditions. It is really a modest change, but it is a significant change. Then it has 3 years of cost-sharing subsidies—remember, the President said he did not want to pay those, but he supports this—and then 3 years of reinsurance so we can help the sickest people who are in the individual market, take them out, pay their needs, and reduce rates for every-body else. These are the best Repub-lican and Democratic ideas that have been put together in a package and, as Senator COLLINS has said, virtually ev-eryone who has looked at this—start-ing with the Oliver Wyman Health con-sultants who say it reduces rates up to 40 percent, the Congressional Budget Office says 20. That is thousands of dol-lars. If you are paying $20,000 for your in-surance, if we do nothing, you might be paying $24,000. If we do this, you might be paying $16,000. That is a lot of money. If we do this, you might be pay-ing $12,000. That is thousands of dollars less. That is a big tax cut for you, and it is a big tax increase. Why are we not doing this? Let’s not kid ourselves. There is a lot of scrambling and embarrassed running around over on the other side of the aisle to come up with an excuse for this, but let’s be honest about it. The Democrats are blocking this for one reason. They have convinced them-selves they do not want to apply to the health insurance rate reduction in the omnibus bill the same law that applies to more than 100 other programs in this omnibus bill. So every single Democrat over here who says: I can’t vote for a 40-percent rate reduction for you, Mr. Plumber or Ms. Hairstylist or Ms. Farmer. I can’t do that because I can’t put the Hyde amendment on it, but I am going to vote to put the Hyde amendment on the National Institutes of Health, I am going to vote to put the Hyde amendment on community health centers, I am going to vote today to put it on Federal employee health ben-efits and family planning grants under title X and 100 other programs Demo-crats are going to vote to put the Hyde language on—yet they say we can’t put the same language on a 40-percent health insurance reduction that is composed of three sections of bipar-tisan legislation that the Democratic leader has said, at least on two-thirds of it, that every single Democrat sup-ported. Now, what is that? What is that? I mean, this should not be a partisan issue. I am not surprised there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.008 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1912 March 22, 2018 
scrambling and embarrassment on the other side of the aisle. I don’t know how they are going to explain this to the American people. I know a lot of people in Tennessee are desperately hoping we succeed. I hear it every time I go home. Health insurance is the No. 1 concern of the people in my State, and the most frightening prospect is, if they can’t pay their bills, then they can’t buy in-surance. They might get sick and have no way to take care of it. Mr. President, I will ask consent to put into the R
ECORD a few items. The first is a list of 20 programs that are in-cluded in the omnibus bill we are like-ly to vote on today that have Hyde pro-tection. Now, remember what the Hyde pro-tection is. It is a compromise that was created in 1976 that said Federal funds may not be used for elective abortions, but basically you may use any other funds, and you may create a contract or arrangement to do that. So that is what we do with Medicare. That is what we do with Medicaid. That is what we are voting today to do at the National Institutes of Health, in the community health centers, voting today for the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program, for family planning grants, for the Indian health programs, for the VA women’s health medical care, for global health programs, for the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program, and school-based health centers. We are voting to put the Hyde protection on area health education centers, on maternal and childcare block grants, on the National Health Service Corps, but we can’t put Hyde protection on health insurance—a 40-percent rate re-duction on health insurance, a bipar-tisan proposal that has the support of the President, the majority leader, and the Speaker. They are all willing to put it in this bill, but you say no. You say no, and there is no good reason for that. There is no good reason whatso-ever. We are going to vote to put the Hyde amendment on childcare community development block grants. I ask unanimous consent that a list of 20 of those programs be printed in the R
ECORD , although, there are more than 100 we will be voting on today. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
20 PROGRAMS HAVE HYDE PROTECTIONS IN THE  
OMNIBUS  1. National Institutes of Health 2. Community health centers 3. Federal Employee Health Benefits Pro-gram 4. Family Planning Grants under Title X 5. Indian Health Programs 6. VA women’s health medical care 7. Global health programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) 8. Ryan white HIV/AIDS Program 9. School based health centers 10. Area Health Education Centers 11. Maternal and child health block grant 12. National Health Service Corps 13. Bureau of Prisons health programs 14. Childcare Community Development Block Grants 15. Community Mental Health Services Block Grant 16. Substance Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Block Grant 17. State Grants to Respond to the Opioid Crisis 18. Rural Outreach Grants 19. Domestic trafficking victim’s fund 20. Garrett Lee Smith youth suicide and early intervention strategies Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent also to have printed in the R
ECORD a short summary of the three-part, bipartisan proposal that will produce the 40-percent rate decreases in the individual market, ac-cording to Oliver Wyman, and up to 20 percent, according to the Congressional Budget Office, over the next 3 years. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
LOWER PREMIUMS , MORE STATE FLEXIBILITY , 
AVOID CHAOS IN 2019 , 2020 AND 2021  President Trump, Majority Leader McCon-nell, and Speaker Ryan support this pro-posal. Premium Reduction through State-based Re-insurance Program Adds funding for 1332 reinsurance and in-visible high risk pool programs at $10 billion a year for 2019, 2020, and 2021, with a federal fallback in the first year. Oliver Wyman projected premium de-creases and coverage increases: 2019, 2020, and 2021: 40% lower premiums in states that receive a 1332 waiver than what people in the individual market would pay if Congress doesn’t act. Will provide insurance coverage to an addi-tional 3.2 million individuals. An alternate analysis by the Congressional Budget Office, based on real spending on Obamacare subsidies, indicates that the pro-posal would save over $9 billion over 10 years. Make Section 1332 State Innovation Waivers Work More flexibility for health plan designs Example: Iowa waiver proposal Example: higher co-pay opioids, lower co- pay statins ‘‘Alaska for All’’ (Maine, Minnesota) State-based program to help cover costs of the very sick 20% premium decrease for ev-eryone Streamline approval process Let Governors apply for waiver Cut federal waiver approval time from 180 days to 120 Create fast-track approval for emergency situations Create fast-track approval for ‘‘copycat’’ waivers Make the waiver last longer Make it harder for a waiver to be can-celled, giving states certainty Create model waivers to help states get ap-proved faster 
NEW COPPER PLAN : CATASTROPHIC INSURANCE  
REGARDLESS OF AGE  
INTERSTATE HEALTH INSURANCE COMPACTS  Consumer Notification Directs state insurance commissioners to require short-term, limited duration insur-ance display prominently in marketing ma-terials, the contract, and application mate-rials a notice to inform consumers that cov-erage and benefits differ from coverage of-fered on the exchanges. Consumer Outreach, Education, and Assist-ance Allows HHS to contract with states to con-duct outreach and enrollment activities funded by existing user fees designated for these activities. NO BAILOUT , ENDS ‘‘SILVER -LOADING ’’ GIMMICK  Funds Cost-Sharing Reduction Subsidies October through December of 2017, for 2018 for plans that did not silver load and Basic Health Plans. Helps those who are below 250% of the pov-erty level who receive government assist-ance to help them pay for their deductibles and co-pays. All plans for 2019, 2020, and 2021. Standard Hyde Protections: Includes the same Hyde protections that already apply to Medicaid, Medicare, Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, TRICARE, Indian Health Service, Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, Veterans Affairs, and the Labor-HHS appropriations bill. Clarifies that Hyde exemptions and effect on non-federal funding remain the same. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the Oliver Wyman anal-ysis entitled ‘‘A Proposal to Lower ACA Premiums by More than 40% and Cover 3.2 Million More’’ Americans. 
There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as fol- lows: [March 12, 2018] A P
ROPOSAL TOLOWER ACA P REMIUMS BY  M
ORETHAN40% ANDCOVER 3.2 M ILLION MORE (By Tammy Tomczyk, FSA, FCA, MAAA and Kurt Giesa, FSA, MAAA) In our December 9, 2017 article, we ana-lyzed the effects of a proposal the US Senate was considering to fund cost-sharing reduc-tion (CSR) payments and appropriate $5 bil-lion in 2019 and 2020 for states to establish re-insurance programs to stabilize their indi-vidual insurance markets. We discussed how pass-through savings could provide reinsur-ance coverage equal to roughly $15 billion in protection for high-cost claimants, and how this protection, combined with CSR funding, would bring more people into the individual market and lower premiums by over 20 per-cent. More recent congressional attention is fo-cusing on a proposal that includes an exten-sion of CSRs and a reinsurance program in 2019, 2020, and 2021, funded with a $10 billion appropriation in each year, with a federal fallback option available to states in 2019. The federal fallback option would likely be based on—and use the federal infrastructure built to administer—the Transitional Rein-surance Program in place from 2014 through 2016. Our healthcare microsimulation model, used to understand this package’s likely ef-fects on the market, assumed states would use federal pass-through savings under Sec-tion 1332 of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to supplement and leverage the $10 billion the considered legislation would authorize and appropriate each year. Pass-through savings result from the fact that the premium sub-sidies available under the ACA cover the dif-ference between the second lowest cost silver plan available in a rating area and a fixed percentage of a household’s income, varying only by federal poverty level (FPL). Lower premiums result directly in lower premium subsidies, and under a Section 1332 waiver, these savings from lower premiums may be used to provide additional reinsurance. In our modeling, we are presuming that states will take advantage of these pass- through savings in 2019. In reality, states that have not already begun working on a waiver will be challenged to get a 1332 waiver 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.041 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1913 March 22, 2018 
filed and approved under the current regu-latory regime in time to impact 2019 pre-miums. The current regulatory regime in-cludes a requirement that a state enact ena-bling legislation, develop an application, hold public hearings during a 30-day public comment period, and submit the application to the US Health and Human Services (HHS). HHS then undertakes a two-step review proc-ess that can span up to 225 days—up to 45 days for a completeness determination fol-lowed by up to 180 days for review. But even those states unable to get a waiver in place for 2019 would still benefit from that year’s federal fallback program. Therefore, we estimate, under the assump-tions described above, that an additional 3.2 million people will be covered in the non- group market, and the proposal would result in premiums that are at least 40 percent lower than they would have been without the proposal in place, across all metal levels. In those states that are not able to obtain a 1332 waiver and take advantage of pass- through savings for 2019, we estimate that premium would decline by more than 20 per-cent across all metal levels. Those estimates include an average 10 percent reduction due to the funding of CSRs, with the remaining reduction coming from the reinsurance pro-gram. As a note, our modeling reflects elimi-nation of the mandate penalty, but does not consider the proposed regulation’s likely ef-fects on association health plans or on short- term, limited duration coverage. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Congressional Budget Office estimate looks at this proposal two different ways, but it says that if we base it on real spending—that is, as if Congress actually passed this bill—the Alex-ander-Murray-Collins-Nelson proposal that reduces insurance rates 40 percent saves the Federal taxpayer money. In other words, it doesn’t cost anything. As a U.S. Senator who came here to get results, who enjoys more than any-thing working across party lines to cause that to happen—because it takes 60 to get a result—who admires Sen-ators like Senator C
OLLINS , who spends her time doing that, I am very dis-appointed, not just for me, not just for Senator C
OLLINS , who has spent hun-dreds of hours on this, not just for the Senate as an institution, but I think of people who come up to me like Marty at the Chick-fil-A, who said: I was pay-ing $300 a month, and now I am paying $1,300 a month. I can’t afford it; I am a farmer. I said: I have a Christmas present for you. And then I thought, well, I have a Valentine’s present for you, and then I thought maybe I could say I have an Easter present for you, and now I can say I can’t do it because the Demo-cratic Party voted to put the Hyde pro-tection on more than 100 programs today—as it has done every year since 1976—but it refused to put the Hyde protection on a 40-percent rate de-crease that was developed across party lines, in long hearings that were at-tended by more than half the Sen-ators—all of them coming in and say-ing: Oh, this is a wonderful thing. They came up to me and said: Chair-man A
LEXANDER , this is so good. We wish the Senate would act like this more. We like the fact that you are having open hearings. Democrats are coming. You are letting us all come without being a member of the com-mittee. Why are we not doing more of this? This is why we don’t do more of it. We come to a result. We come up to a par-tisan end that hurts people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I wish to talk a little bit about election security, but on a day like today, I have to at least mention where we are with the giant omnibus bill that got dropped on us last night at about 8:30— about 2,300 pages of legislative text—to try to deal with all of government spending, all of discretionary spending. If people don’t know what an omni-bus is, it is where we are supposed to pass 12 individuals bills dealing with 12 different topics of our spending. An omnibus is when you take all 12 of those and just do it at once. It is sup-posed to be the exception to the rule, but for the last 17 years, we have done some version of an omnibus. Today’s vote will be the 18th. We have 2,300 pages with technical legislative language and less than 24 hours to be able to go through it. There is no way to be able to discover what all is in it. There is another historic event that has happened this past week, as well, which I think connects to this omni-bus. Last Friday, the Treasury Depart-ment announced that we just crossed over $21 trillion in total debt—$21 tril-lion. I have had some folks who have caught me and said: Now that we have gone over $21 trillion and it looks like we could be rapidly approaching $1 tril-lion of deficit this year alone—which would mean that in the next 12 to 14 months, we will go from $21 trillion to $22 trillion in total debt—gosh, that looks terrible. It has to be this Repub-lican tax plan that is causing it. Well, there will probably be some deficit spending with the Republican tax plan that went in because it will take a cou-ple of years for the income to be able to accelerate with it, but this omnibus alone is $300 billion of additional spending—just this, $300 billion. So we go up to over $600 billion in deficit spending this past year, and this omnibus will add another $300 billion to that. The disaster relief funding that was done this year was $140 billion on top of that, and the interest pay-ment increase—just the increase—from last year to this year was $54 billion. It is not just some Republican tax plan that made this change. This is a very rapid acceleration in overspending that is happening right in front of our eyes, and the omnibus is not slowing it down. It is accelerating it. We have to change how we are doing budgeting and the trajectory that we face. There are 16 of us who have started meeting last month—8 Democrats and 8 Republicans, half from the House and half from the Senate—to evaluate how we do budgeting. The 1974 Congressional Budget Act that we are currently operating under created this incredibly complicated system that has not worked in a dec-ade. Every year we come up and try to do it again, and every year we end up with some omnibus package, and none of us has an amendment. None of us has an opportunity to be able to see it, read it, or go through it. It is just this: Here is the number. There it is. Vote for it or not. We have to be able to fix that proc-ess. There is no long-term strategy. There is no regular order. There is no opportunity to be able to make changes. There is no plan. My hope is that by the end of the year, this bipartisan group will have the opportunity to be able to present a different way of doing budgeting. That is not trying to be partisan but just to be able to put a neutral process in place in which we can actually be stra-tegic about where we are going, be-cause we are accidentally stumbling into more and more debt every single month, and it will happen again today. 
ELECTION SECURITY  
Mr. President, I wish to chat with this body a little bit about election se-curity. Just to give a quick update, as many of you know, the Department of Homeland Security has been actively engaged in trying to fix what they can on election security leading up to the 2018 time period. I have absolutely zero doubt that the Russians tried to meddle in our elec-tions in 2016. They started in 2014 try-ing to strategically plan for how they were going to try to interfere in our elections—the social media, the false news, and as many different ways as they can to be able to get out informa-tion and misinformation. They started the process early. Quite frankly, they planned and executed well. They ex-posed a weakness in our system. We are an open society that is excep-tionally trusting of each other, and we are not used to having a foreign entity try to reach in and try to influence us like that. What the Russians exposed in 2016, we should be well able to push back against in 2018 and 2020 and not be caught off guard again. The Russians reached in and scammed multiple States in their election systems. They were looking at voter rolls, trying to figure out if they could get access to those. Now, they can’t change votes by just looking at voter registrations, but if they could look at and download those files, they could also change those files, edit names, edit addresses, and then, suddenly, when people show up to vote, they are not really reg-istered anymore or they are registered at a different precinct. They could cre-ate chaos on election day just by going in and editing those names. They could go into the unofficial results websites of secretaries of State and during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.007 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1914 March 22, 2018 
day of the election actually start put-ting up false election results or chang-ing algorithms and numbers, so that when numbers are added, they are ac-tually counted wrong, just to create uncertainty in the process. So when the actual election day comes, the un-official results come out, and they are not reliable and everyone doubts the system itself. Again, that doesn’t change votes, and it doesn’t change outcomes, but it cer-tainly destabilizes the system. We should be aware of that. We have multiple States—there are not many, but there are around 10 to 12 States—that cannot audit their elec-tions when Election Day comes and goes. That means that they are com-pletely counting on the machine to be able to keep an accurate count. Now, that machine is not attached to the internet. In fact, there is no State that has their election equipment attached to the internet on the day of the elec-tion, but for almost every one of them, there is a software update right before the election. If any entity were to be able to get into any one of the third- party software companies when the up-date is done and just put a bit of soft-ware in there that just messes with the machine, you would literally not know if that election result was reliable or not. Did that happen last time? No. Were the Russians looking to try to find dif-ferent software companies and the dif-ferent makes and models of those com-panies that make our election ma-chines? Yes, and we should take that as a warning sign. Last time they were looking, and next time they may be looking to mess with it and change it. We should be well prepared for that. We have a piece of legislation. It is a very straightforward piece of legisla-tion about secure elections. Myself, A
MY KLOBUCHAR , K AMALA HARRIS , L
INDSEY GRAHAM , and S USAN COLLINS , and most of us who are all engaged in this one simple issue say: How do we stabilize our elections system? Elections are run by States and should be run by States. There is no reason for us to federalize elections, but the Federal Government should walk alongside States and say some simple things: We are going to have quick communication between the States and the Federal Government. So if a foreign entity is trying to reach into your State to mess with your sys-tem, we can quickly let you know about it, and we can help you in the process of protecting your State. The last time this occurred in 2016, it was months before the Department of Homeland Security was able to actu-ally engage with those States to let them know that what was really hap-pening was a foreign actor and to be able to help them with their security. We have to be faster on that. We want to be able to streamline that communication. We want to en-courage States, when they buy election equipment or they get election equip-ment, that they be able to audit their results on the day of the elections. The Federal Government should not pick their equipment. Those States should because it is a State responsibility. But we should incentivize them to actually lean in and make sure their equipment is good, because at the end of the day, in a Presidential election, we are all counting on every other State to make sure their election system is good. If it is not, it is a problem for all of us. We want to make sure that there is not only streamlined communication and that there is not only good and auditable equipment, but that we actu-ally give classification to individuals so that they can deal with classified in-formation. That didn’t happen last time, and so, again, it was months be-fore there was any contact back and forth, because the Federal Government wanted to notify the States of what was happening, but no one had the clearance to be able to get the informa-tion. Let’s fix that. DHS is in the process of fixing that, but we would like to put in legislation that just remains, so that in the fu-ture, we don’t lull ourselves to sleep again. Last time, it was the Russians. Next time, it could be the North Kore-ans. Next time, it could be the Ira-nians. Next time, it could be a domes-tic activist group that is just mad at somebody for something, and they have learned the vulnerabilities that the Russians pointed out. In the days ahead, we need to secure our system for our election. It is not a partisan issue. It shouldn’t be a par-tisan issue, but it should be something we learn the lesson on. We are quickly learning the lessons about our vulnerabilities—cyber vul-nerabilities in our pipelines, in our electric grids, in our phone systems, in internet fibers, in our election systems, in our banking systems, and in mul-tiple other areas. We should learn this lesson and learn it well. There are people who mean to do us harm. They are not necessarily going to attack us bodily, but they don’t like our growing economy, they don’t like our values, they don’t like our open-ness, and they want to use our open-ness against us. We can’t imagine doing that to someone else. They prac-tice doing that to us. We need to put up a basic guard, and we need to communicate to nations and nation-states around the world: If you come and attack us, this is going to be our response, so that they clearly know what they are facing when they come after us next time. It happened once. It will happen again. Let’s make sure that we are ready. Let’s pass this bill about safe elections and get our elections secure so that we can trust the results year after year after year, as we have in the past. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. SELF-INITIATION TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, my home State of Michigan has the best and most productive workers in the world. Michigan workers built the American auto industry and the Amer-ican middle class, and they continue to roll out cutting edge innovations. Our farmers and agricultural pro-ducers deliver an incredible diversity of fresh products to American families day in and day out. Our cars, trucks, crops, timber, furniture, and more are shipped across the United States and exported all across the globe. In America, we believe that if you work hard and you play by the rules, you will be able to support yourself and your family and prosper. Unfortu-nately, our Nation’s workers and busi-nesses are too often facing unfair com-petition from foreign competitors. Our businesses, which play by the rules and pay their workers a fair wage for a hard day’s work, too often lose business to foreign competitors who cheat. It is one thing to lose a sale to a competitor that has the right prod-uct at the right time or is better posi-tioned in the market—that certainly happens—but it is another thing alto-gether to lose because an international competitor is being subsidized by a for-eign government or deliberately dump-ing goods below cost to drive American companies out of business. This needs to stop, and it needs to stop now. Large companies are able to directly combat these practices by hiring teams of lawyers to enforce international trade rules, but what about family farms, small auto parts suppliers, and other small manufacturers that don’t keep international trade lawyers on their payroll? American small busi-nesses, family farms, and the workers who show up every morning can outcompete anyone on this planet if they are given a level playing field. It is time to give them that level playing field. We should be using the expertise and the strength of the Federal Gov-ernment to stick up for these small businesses and give them a fair fight. Under current law, the Commerce Department has the authority to start their own trade investigation into these harmful trade practices, but they barely ever use it. That is why I have introduced the Self-Initiation Trade Enforcement Act with my colleague Senator B
URR. This bipartisan legislation will strengthen protections for small busi-nesses and their workers by creating a permanent task force within the Com-merce Department to support proactive investigations into unfair trade prac-tices by foreign competitors. This task force will research trade data, spot abusive, unfair trade practices, and start formal investigations. This task force will also focus on cases impacting small- and medium-sized businesses— the exact businesses that need the sup-port but may not even know how to ask for it. Additionally, putting the weight of the Commerce Department behind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.046 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1915 March 22, 2018 
these efforts shields these businesses from foreign retaliation. If a small business is able to track international trade data and if they are then able to hire a legal team necessary to success-fully prosecute their claims—and be-lieve me, these are two big ifs—they could still face retaliation from foreign governments that could make it harder for them to export after they win their case. An individual cherry grower in northern Michigan, for example, faces nearly impossible hurdles in taking on a foreign government, but the Com-merce Department can look out for these small growers across the Nation and be their champion. At a recent bipartisan trade policy meeting that I attended, I was able to speak with President Trump and Com-merce Secretary Ross about this bipar-tisan legislation. They both expressed their strong support, and I will con-tinue working with them and my col-leagues in Congress until this legisla-tion is signed into law. Michigan work-ers and businesses just want a fair chance to compete, and I will never stop fighting for them so they can com-pete fairly and so they can win. I urge my colleagues to support the Self-Initiation Trade Enforcement Act that will help small businesses and family farms all across Michigan and all across the United States. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
JESSIE ’S LAW  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, after 2 years of hard work and because of the determination and strength of David and Kate Grubb of Charleston, WV, Jessie’s Law was finally passed by Con-gress and signed into law, and I thank each and every one of my colleagues for their support. Jessie’s Law is different from other pieces of legislation. Jessie’s Law will actually save lives and prevent parents from experiencing the heartbreak of losing a child. Jessie Grubb’s story is known to many of you already, but for those of you who haven’t heard it and for those of you who don’t know it, I want to go over some of the highlights. After years of struggling with heroin addiction, Jessie had been doing very well. She had been sober for 6 months. She was focusing on making a life for herself in Michigan and was training for a marathon. She had surgery for an infection related to her running injury and died the day after leaving the hos-pital. All of her hard work was ruined because of a careless mistake. Jessie’s death is particularly heart-breaking because it was 100 percent preventable. Her parents, David and Kate, traveled to Michigan for Jessie’s surgery. Both Jesse and her parents told her doctors and hospital personnel that she was a recovering addict. It was reflected in her medical records in eight different places. However, it was not highlighted the same as it would be when you have any type of an allergy or if you go in and they ask—the ques-tion is usually asked—are you allergic to penicillin? Then it is very much highlighted, to the point that a mis-take would not be made. This was not done. After Jessie’s surgery, the dis-charging doctor said he didn’t know she was a recovering addict and sent her home with a prescription for 50 oxycodone pills. She should never have been given a description for opioid medication in the first place, as she had asked when she entered the hos-pital. With the passage of Jessie’s Law, we have taken the critical step toward saying that this will never happen again. Jessie’s Law will establish new standards for healthcare providers to ensure that when a patient provides in-formation about their opiate addiction, that information is shared with their doctors and nurses and is flagged just like we would flag a drug allergy. Hav-ing this critical information will help ensure that healthcare providers can make medically appropriate decisions about pain management for recovering opiate addicts. This simple step could have saved Jessie’s life, and we owe it to her memory to make the change and keep other families from experiencing the same pain. It has been over 2 years. You would have thought this would have been done within 2 weeks. It is such common sense. I don’t think anyone realized be-fore that they could not or did not or were not responsible for or were not by law supposed to basically make sure that every record—every transcript that she had in that hospital should have been marked and highlighted so nobody could have missed it. Jessie’s story and her family’s pain are all too common in West Virginia and throughout this Nation. In 2016, 884 West Virginians lost their lives due to overdose. We have the highest loss of life per capita in the Nation—the high-est in the Nation. Every hour, five peo-ple die from an opiate overdose. With continued support and tireless work from everyone, we can beat this epi-demic once and for all. Jessie’s legacy will save people’s lives and will prevent parents and families from dealing with the pain and tragedy of losing a child. David and Kate, Jessie’s parents, have been determined from day one to make sure Jessie’s death wasn’t mean-ingless, and I am honored to say that Jessie’s legacy will live on for a long, long time—long after we are gone. I talked to David and Kate today, and I can’t tell you how elated they were to know that it will finally pass in a piece of legislation we will be voting on shortly. It is going to save a lot of heartache and a lot of pain and the tragedy that families suffer. This was a beautiful young lady, as you can see. She was very intelligent, very athletic. She just happened to fall into the pits of this horrible epidemic we have. We thought when we first heard it that it was just an oversight, but there are the HIPAA laws and all the dif-ferent concerns that people have for privacy, and we weren’t able to change it. The Presiding Officer, being a physi-cian, knows how hospitals work and how the information is treasured and guarded. But this was one where we thought, my goodness, if there is an al-lergy, if you are allergic to penicillin— if I come into the hospital as a patient and tell you that I am a recovering ad-dict, so please make sure that everyone in this hospital knows that I have had an addiction and that I still have ad-diction problems that I will have all my life, but I am recovering—Jessie was 6 months sober, and for some rea-son, it was not identified. Jessie’s legacy will live on and the courage her parents have had to fight this fight so that we all can share it with the rest of the country, and maybe save countless lives throughout the country and each one of our States, and all the parents who suffer through this. The lives of David and Kate will be forever changed, but they have the beautiful memory of this beautiful young lady, 30 years of age, Jessie Grubb. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we are in the process of considering an omni-bus budget bill. It is over 2,000 pages long. In fairness, it includes many pro-visions of legislation that has been worked on by many of us for months, so it isn’t a surprise package, by and large. There are elements in it that are new and that have been recently nego-tiated, but the underlying bill—the ap-propriations bills included in it—has been the subject of committee hearings and negotiations literally for months. I know that because since last year, we have been working on the Defense De-partment appropriations, which is in-cluded in the bill. My reason for coming to the floor, though, is to address an issue that is not included in the omnibus bill—one that I believe should be and one that is timely and compelling—and there is no reason why it is not included. It relates to those young people who were brought to the United States by their parents when they were infants, tod-dlers, children, and ended up in un-documented status in this country. Some of them—a very small number of them—may have been smuggled across the border into the United States. More likely, a common situa-tion is that they came here on a visi-tor’s visa with their parents, the visa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.047 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1916 March 22, 2018 
expired, and they stayed. That ac-counts for almost half of those who are currently undocumented in the United States. The difference is obvious. We are talking about children who really had no voice in their parents’ decision about coming to this country and who literally grew up here, many times be-lieving they were legal in the United States. It wasn’t until later in life, usually when they were 10 or 12 years old, that their mothers and fathers sat down and said to them: We never filed the appropriate papers. You are un-documented in America. It means that your life is different from the lives of all the other kids you go to school with. These kids may be worried about making the football team or getting an A in math, but then their parents say: You also have to be worried about somebody knocking on our front door and deporting our family back to some other country. Your life in the United States could end at any moment. Be careful. Be careful not to violate the law. Be care-ful to keep your head down. Whatever you do, don’t tell people that you are undocumented because it could subject you and members of your family to automatic deportation. That is what they grew up with. Through no fault of their own, they were brought to the United States. They are living in this country. They are standing in classrooms in our schools, pledging allegiance to that flag every single day, yet not legal, not documented in the United States. They are undocumented. Sixteen or seventeen years ago, I in-troduced a bill called the DREAM Act, which said that those young kids de-serve a chance—a chance to earn their way to legal status, earn their way to citizenship. If they become part of drug gangs or criminal enterprises, so be it—they will forfeit any right to be-come any part of America’s future; if not, if they are prepared to finish school and prepared to either continue their education, enlist in our military, or get a good job, we will give them a chance. That is what the DREAM Act said, and for 17 years, I have been try-ing to make it the law of the land, and I have fallen short. President Obama, when he was a Sen-ator here from Illinois, was my col-league, and he was my cosponsor on the DREAM Act. So when he became President and it was clear that we couldn’t pass the DREAM Act in Con-gress, I asked him: As President, can you do something to help? And he did. He created the DACA Program. Under the DACA Program, these young people could come forward, pay about a $500 filing fee, and go through a criminal background check to make sure they were no danger to this coun-try. If they passed it, they would be given permission under President Obama’s Executive order—under the DACA order—to live in the United States for 2 years at a time and then to renew their status. During that 2 years, they couldn’t be deported, and they could legally work. It was a big decision for a lot of these young people. Remember what I said earlier—that their parents had warned them: Don’t tell the government who you are. Don’t tell them where you live. They could use that information against you. But 780,000 young people came for-ward, trusting this government—trust-ing that if we invited them to be a part of the United States on a renewable, temporary basis, it would not ulti-mately hurt them—780,000. What did they end up doing? Most of them went to school, but going to school as an undocumented person in America is a different challenge. You don’t qualify for one penny of Federal assistance—no Pell grants, no govern-ment loans—so getting through college under those circumstances means bor-rowing money from some other source or working jobs to pay for your edu-cation, which many of them did. Over the years, these DACA recipi-ents ended up graduating from school. There are 20,000 of them teaching in schools across America. They are the teachers in the grade school and middle school and high school classes, and they have DACA protection. Nine hun-dred of them volunteered to serve in our military. Think about that for a moment. They stood up and took an oath to serve the United States in the military and to literally risk their lives for a country that does not recog-nize their legal status. Nine hundred of them are in that circumstance. Many of them have done amazing things in their lives. I have come to the floor and told maybe 100, 110 stories of these Dreamers. They are amazing young people. They are resilient; they are talented; they are promising; they are exciting. Yet they are not legal in the eyes of the law in America. So we tried. We tried to make sure there was a way to protect them when the new President came into office. President Trump had said very clearly in his campaign that immigration was a big issue. He said a lot of things. Some of them were inflammatory, but, interestingly enough, he said several times that Dreamers are different. These young people are different. He told me personally: Senator, don’t worry about it; we are going to take care of those kids. I believed him. I was hoping he would find a way to either embrace the Dream Act or extend DACA so that these young people would have their chance. But on September 5 of last year, President Trump made an announce-ment with Attorney General Sessions. He said: This is the end of DACA. This is the end of protection for these young people. By March 5 of this year, 2018, the program will no longer exist. He said to Congress: Do something about it. He challenged us to pass a law. The March 5 deadline was looming. Young people were falling out of the protection of DACA status, and their lives were uncertain. Some of them had quit school. They just didn’t think there was any future or hope for them. Some of them faced the prospect of los-ing their job when they lost DACA pro-tection. That was the reality. So there we sat, with that March 5 deadline looming—a deadline we knew was important because that was when all protection and all renewals would end for many, many thousands of these young people. A number of us took it up as a challenge, six of us—three Democrats and three Republicans. We sat down for months to try to write a new DACA law—and then there was a breakthrough. On January 9 of this year, President Trump called about 24 or 25 Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate Members, to actually come to a meet-ing at the White House in the Cabinet room. It was an interesting meeting. It was the fourth time I had ever spoken to President Trump, and he invited me to sit right next to him. It was a little surprising that a Democratic Senator would be allowed to do that, but he in-vited me to, and we spent an hour, with the television coverage constant, dis-cussing this issue. The President said some things that were encouraging about what we could do to solve this problem—a problem he had created when he eliminated the DACA Pro-gram. He said many things during the course of that meeting. He said: ‘‘We’re going to do DACA, and then we can start immediately on . . . phase two, which would be comprehensive.’’ He was referring to other immigration measures. Then he said: ‘‘We do a phase one, which is DACA and security, and we do phase two, which is comprehen-sive immigration.’’ The President added that as part of any immigration deal, he wanted to end the diversity visa lottery—a sepa-rate issue—and change our long-standing laws that have allowed fami-lies to stay together and eventually be reunited as Americans. He referred to this as chain migration. When the President made that offer to solve the problem, which he had cre-ated when he eliminated DACA, several of us came back to Capitol Hill and said: We have to get this done. We labored quickly and made some tough decisions, Democrats giving on some issues, Republicans giving on oth-ers. We came up with a bipartisan bill—just what the President had asked for. We called him. It was 2 days later— January 11. I know; I made the call. I said: Mr. President, we have a bill. Sen-ator G
RAHAM , a Republican of South Carolina, and I, as well as four other Senators, have come up with a bipar-tisan bill. He said: Bring it to the White House. Don’t waste any time. I want to get this done. That was at 10 in the morning. We were scheduled and went to the White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.048 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1917 March 22, 2018 
House at noon. By the time we arrived, it was pretty clear that something dra-matic had happened in the meantime, because someone in the White House had invited five other Members of Con-gress from the Republican Party, all of whom opposed our effort. The meeting was pretty well stacked against us. I will not get into the detail of the meet-ing. It has been widely reported. But at the end of it, President Trump rejected a bipartisan approach to solving this problem. It wasn’t the only time he rejected a bipartisan approach. Senator S
CHUMER  and Leader P
ELOSI had offered him a similar approach before, saying: We can work together. It appeared they had an agreement, but it evaporated in a matter of hours. We know, as well, that there were of-fers made of bipartisan approaches. Senator M
CCAINand Senator C OONS of-fered a bill on the floor of the Senate. It was a good bill—not exactly what I wanted by any means, but at least it solved the problem. It was vehemently rejected by the Trump administration. All in all, there were six different bi-partisan proposals offered to President Trump to solve the problem he had cre-ated by eliminating DACA. He rejected every single one of them. He sent to the floor of the Senate a bill offered by Senator G
RASSLEY of Iowa. Senator G
RASSLEY ’s bill em-bodied the President’s approach to this. Now, understand the Senate’s scorecard here. There are 51 Republican Senators and 49 Democratic Senators. So when the President called his own bill, one of our Senators, Senator M
CCAIN, was away ill, but there were 50 Republican Senators and 49 Democrats who voted on that day. How many votes did the President’s immigration proposal get? Thirty-nine. The President got 39 votes. It was kind of a shock that the President’s own party didn’t support the President’s bill—at least not all of them. When we offered the one I supported, the plan offered by Senator R
OUNDS  and Senator K
ING, it ended up with 54 votes. Eight Republicans joined to have a bipartisan measure. But it wasn’t enough; 54 votes will not do it. On an issue like this, it takes 60. So we have nothing—nothing. What that means is, in the eyes of the law, for the time being, these DACA-protected young people have no legal protection—save one other element. While we were debating, the courts were also involved. Two different Fed-eral courts issued an order to the Trump administration and said: Stop. Don’t do another thing; don’t deport these kids. In fact, allow them to renew their DACA status. Former Senator Sessions, now the Attorney General, filed an emergency effort before the U.S. Supreme Court to stop that decision, and the U.S. Su-preme Court rejected it. So now, today, there at least has been a postponement of deporting the young DACA kids. We don’t know if that postponement will last a week, a month, a year. There is no telling. It is a pending court case. That is the only thing that is stopping the deportation of these 780,000 young people. That is it. The obvious question is, Well, why did you stop? If you failed to meet the March 5 deadline, why didn’t the Con-gress—why didn’t the Senate, why didn’t the House—continue the effort to try to solve this problem? Isn’t that what you were elected to do, Mr. Sen-ator? The answer, obviously, is: Yes, we should. But we haven’t. That is why I have come to the floor today. We have this 2,000-page bill that does not solve the DACA problem. We have this 2,000-page bill that addresses every subject imaginable but doesn’t address the looming deadline we face in America. We are one court decision away from hundreds of thousands of young people being deported. What do the American people think of this idea of undocumented people, here but not recognized by law? I will tell you what they think. Eighty-five percent of the American people believe we ought to do what is right and fair for these young people. They support the Dreamers, and they support giving DACA protection. Eighty-five per-cent—60 percent of those who voted for President Trump—say that we should fix the DACA Program. But we have failed again. We have failed to do what the President chal-lenged us to do, as he continues to re-ject every bipartisan proposal that has been brought before him—every one of them. I am going to be making a unani-mous consent request when this is over. I think I know how it will end. Any single Senator can object and stop the protection of these DACA young people, and one is prepared to do it. It is my understanding that he is going to demand that we instead pass the Presi-dent’s immigration plan, which re-ceived—remember—39 votes. Not even all of the Republican Senators sup-ported it. It wasn’t bipartisan in any way. There are provisions in the Presi-dent’s plan that are just plain wrong, and even 14 Republicans realize that and voted against it. So here we are at this moment, with an important bill with many positive aspects in it for all of America, includ-ing my State of Illinois. Yet there is one critical element still missing. We have failed to include a provision to solve the DACA problem created by President Trump. His refusal to accept any bipartisan compromise leaves us emptyhanded and these poor young people struggling to figure out what their lives will be. Last week, I was in the Chicago for what I refer to as high holy days in Chicago—the St. Patrick’s Day week-end, with parades and parties and breakfasts and lunches. I skipped one of the traditional breakfasts to go out to Loyola University’s school of medi-cine. The reason I went there is called Match Day at medical schools. It is when graduates of medical schools apply for their residencies. Residency, of course, is a continuation of their education, leading up to their becom-ing actual practicing physicians. It is a huge day in each of their lives. They have gone through college; they have finished medical school; and now they wait for that letter that gives them a chance to finish their medical edu-cation. I wanted to be there because six of the graduates of the Loyola University Chicago Stritch College of Medicine were protected by DACA. They are young people who are extraordinarily talented from all over the United States. They were given a chance to go to medical school, and here they were in a situation, waiting to see if they could become doctors. It turned out that because of our failure—because of the President’s removing the DACA Program and our failure to pass a re-placement, two of them have their residencies in doubt. A residency is a job. It is a big job. You don’t just work 40 hours a week. It is sometimes 60 to 80 hours a week. It is a big under-taking. These young people, without DACA protection, cannot legally work in America and, therefore, found it next to impossible to find hospitals and universities that would take them and allow them to complete their medical education. That is the real-life con-sequence of our failure to act. That is the real-life consequence of our failure to include in this omnibus bill—or any bill to this point—a solu-tion to the problem created by Presi-dent Trump. That is why I am going to make this unanimous consent request that will, in fact, pass the Dream Act, solve this once and for all, and create a law that protects these young people and others in similar categories—one that has been offered on a bipartisan basis in the Senate and one that I be-lieve should be passed immediately. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1615 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on the Judici-ary be discharged from further consid-eration of S. 1615 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, first, I thank Sen-ator D
URBIN for 17 years of work on this issue and for highlighting the re-ality that there are so many people who came here through the decisions of their parents—not decisions of their own. I, for one, believe they deserve a path to citizenship. I felt so strongly about it that I did something I don’t believe any Repub-lican-only bill has ever done before. I filed a bill, along with Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.050 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1918 March 22, 2018 
LANKFORD , to do just that—to provide a path to citizenship not only to the 690,000 who had enrolled in the DACA Program but to some 1.2 million. I believe we need to come up with a solution to this problem, and I thank Senator D
URBIN for his dogged tenacity on this issue. I believe that if we con-tinue to focus on it, we will succeed. I just need to set a few facts straight. I know the majority leader is in the Chamber, and I will keep my comments brief. I was in that January 9 meeting as well. In the January 9 meeting, we had an extraordinary meeting, and most of it was on tape. But the reality is, in the January 9 meeting, we walked away with an understanding that there were four pillars on which we were going to build a bipartisan bill. The President looked to the whips in the minority and the majority, and he said: You guys get together, produce a bipar-tisan bill, and I will support it. The goal was to go out and have ev-erybody get together with the diverse interests that were represented in the room and come up with that bipartisan bill. We have to talk about ‘‘bipar-tisan.’’ A bipartisan bill is not a bill that gets just Republicans and Demo-crats on it. A bipartisan bill is a bill that gets up to 60—at least 60—Repub-licans and Democrats on it. About a month ago, we came to the floor and had four bills. There was no open de-bate. It was just an up-or-down vote. That is why it failed. It also failed when there were supermajorities, when President Obama was in place, when not a single Republican vote was nec-essary. That is why President Obama issued the DACA Executive order. President Trump did not create this problem. It was the inaction of Con-gress and even a Democratic-controlled Presidency and supermajority-con-trolled Congress that couldn’t solve this problem for whatever reason. On the bill that we had, we had three Democrats vote. I guess I could argue that 39 votes were Democrats. That was a bipartisan bill, but it was a bill that didn’t get 60 votes. I hope we will continue to work on this issue so that we can provide cer-tainty to the DACA population. It is not too late to do it. I think about the Dreamers every single day. They de-serve a path to citizenship. The Presi-dent deserves to be able to look the American people in the face and say he secured the border and made the home-land safer. I think we can work on some of the legal immigration issues that can actually get this solved. Senator D
URBIN , I look forward to working with you, and let this be the Congress where we actually solve the problem. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 2579 
Mr. President, at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator modify his request and the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 2579; I fur-ther ask that the pending amendments be withdrawn with the exception of the Grassley amendment No. 1959; and, fi-nally, I ask that the Grassley amend-ment be agreed to, the bill, as amend-ed, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the modification? Mr. DURBIN. Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, I thank the Sen-ator from North Carolina, and I believe he does have a genuine interest in this issue. I attended several of our meet-ings to discuss a bipartisan com-promise, and I hope we can continue to do that. In the meantime, though, what he has offered is the Grassley ap-proach, which was President Trump’s immigration approach, which limited legal migration to the United States and members of families who wanted to be reunified, some of whom have wait-ed 10 or 20 years to rejoin their families in the United States. Unfortunately, it also included the $25 billion wall, which may be the price that has to be paid to spare these young DACA Dreamers, but I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Is there objection to the original re-quest? Mr. TILLIS. I object, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Maine. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 1625 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate proceeds to the consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 1625, the omnibus appropriations bill, the Collins-Alexander amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, I want to take a moment to talk about how we got to this point and why I am hopeful that, despite the Republican leader’s decision to once again scuttle bipar-tisan negotiations on health stabiliza-tion, we can return to the table and work together to do what patients and families want; that is, to strengthen healthcare and lower the premiums next year. Chairman A
LEXANDER had said that in September every Democrat in the Senate was ready to pass the original Alexander-Murray legislation, and he is right. We wanted to work with Re-publicans to undo as much of President Trump’s healthcare sabotage as pos-sible because of how it is hurting fami-lies and forcing them to pay more for care. Unfortunately, Senator M
CCON-
NELL blocked our bipartisan agreement because he wanted to pressure his cau-cus into supporting yet another harm-ful Republican repeal bill. That TrumpCare bill failed, and I was again hopeful that after it did, we could make progress on our bipartisan legis-lation. Instead, Senate Republican leaders opted to do the exact opposite. They jammed through a terrible tax bill that actually raises families’ pre-miums to pay for tax cuts for massive corporations. Even after that, I and Democrats were still at the table and ready to do what we could to stabilize markets and lower families’ healthcare costs. Imagine my frustration when, at the very last minute—just days ago—Re-publicans leaders once again made clear that they didn’t want to lower families’ premiums. They didn’t want to stabilize a healthcare system that, as one House Republican said, they never supported anyway. Senate Re-publicans opted, instead, to surprise Democrats with a new, last-minute partisan proposal, the so-called sta-bilization bill, which included poison pills that Republicans knew Democrats would never agree to. The partisan bill that Republicans surprised us with would undermine ac-cess to care for people with preexisting conditions by writing President Trump’s junk plans rule into law and by taking away protections included in our original agreement with Chairman ALEXANDER to make sure that the sick-est patients don’t find themselves in a dramatically more expensive market. This partisan bill also pulled the most worn page out of the Republicans’ ideological playbook—making extreme, political attacks on women’s healthcare. This partisan bill would take huge steps beyond current law, making it so women can’t even buy abortion coverage using their own money. From the start of negotiations last fall, I made it abundantly clear I will not allow women’s reproductive free-doms to become a political football in these conversations. I also made clear that I understood, like it or not, that current prohibitions on taxpayer fund-ing for abortion services would apply to our agreement. But that is not what this is—not at all. I think that was made pretty clear when Republicans surprised us with this last-minute change in a press re-lease without inviting any Democrats to join. I believe, and I think most peo-ple would agree, that the massive ex-pansion of restrictions on women’s ac-cess to safe, legal abortion we see in this partisan bill has nothing to do with lowering families’ premiums or making healthcare work better in our country. That is not something that was in our original deal that had bipar-tisan support, and it is not something that should be in this bill now. I am extremely disappointed that we have reached this point, but it does not mean I am giving up on getting this done. I know many Republicans have said that this is the end of the road for bipartisan negotiations on healthcare, but it is only if they choose that route. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.051 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1919 March 22, 2018 
Today I am laying out what I hope Republicans and Democrats will ulti-mately be able to agree on. This is leg-islation that includes current law pro-hibitions on taxpayer funding for abor-tion—what Senate Democrats and Re-publicans agreed was acceptable months ago. It would take strong steps to lower premiums and make healthcare more affordable for pa-tients. It would hold protections for people with preexisting conditions, as so many Republicans and Democrats have said we need to do. We are frustratingly close to an agreement, and I still do believe we can get there. This shouldn’t be about the blame game. It should not be about pointing fingers. This has to be about getting results. I hope Republicans and Democrats will join me in supporting the amend-ment I am offering today, and even if they don’t, I hope we can get back to the table and resume talks. I truly be-lieve there are Republicans who want to do the right thing for patients and families, even if their leadership is de-termined to avoid a real debate and vote on the so-called ObamaCare bail-out. Our work last fall showed that we can reach an agreement when we put aside partisan politics and focus on what is best for our families. I am ready to get back to work to get that done. I object to the pending unanimous consent request. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 1625 
I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate proceeds to the consider-ation of the House message to accom-pany H.R. 1625, the omnibus appropria-tions bill, the Murray amendment that is now at the desk be considered and agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard to the first request. Is there objection to the request from the Senator from Washington? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this has been a very disappointing moment. Senator C
OLLINS is asking to pass an amendment that would not seem to be terribly controversial. As we have heard my colleagues state this after-noon, the Alexander-Murray-Collins- Nelson proposal would lower health in-surance premiums—dramatically, in some cases—for American individuals and families. This assistance would be especially helpful to the middle-class families whom ObamaCare has hit the hardest. How do my colleagues propose ac-complishing this worthy goal? Through another top-down, one-size-fits-all scheme cooked up here in Washington? No, their legislation is designed to en-courage new thinking and creative pol-icymaking at the State level, through the expansion of section 1332 State in-novation waivers and high-risk pools. It would end the practice of silver-load-ing, which unnecessarily costs the tax-payers tens of billions of dollars. It in-cludes Hyde amendment language that has been commonplace for decades, going back to the 1970s, preventing tax-payer dollars from funding abortions. Apparently, that commonsense provi-sion is suddenly just a bridge too far for some of our friends across the aisle. For months, my colleague from Maine has led a bipartisan effort to bring common sense back to Ameri-cans’ healthcare. Along with Senator ALEXANDER , she has brought together Senators with different viewpoints and made real progress toward fixing the glaring failures of the current system. It is especially disappointing that their efforts are being blocked precisely when they stand the greatest chance of helping millions of Americans. It is not entirely surprising that my colleagues across the aisle are happy to talk the talk about lowering premiums for working families, but they refuse to ac-tually walk the walk when given a golden opportunity. But it sure is dis-appointing. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that I be added as a cosponsor to the Collins-Alexander amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that the Senate has re-ceived a message from the House to ac-company H.R. 1625. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is correct. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the mes-sage to accompany H.R. 1625. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1625) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards pro-gram of the Department of State, and for other purposes.’’, with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to H.R. 1625. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alexander, Pat Rob-erts, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Lisa Murkowski, Shelley Moore Capito, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, John Boozman. MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2217 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment to H.R. 1625, with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, with an amendment numbered 2217. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2218 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2217 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-gree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2218 to amendment No. 2217. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2219 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to refer the House message on H.R. 1625 to the Committee on Appro-priations with instructions to report back forthwith. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message on H.R. 1625 to the Committee on Appropria-tions to report back forthwith with instruc-tions, being amendment numbered 2219. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.053 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1920 March 22, 2018 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2220 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-ment to the instructions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2220 to the instructions of the motion to refer H.R. 1625. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2221 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2220 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2221 to amendment No. 2220. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
HEALTH INSURANCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Senator from Washington knows the deep respect I have for her, and we have worked together on some impor-tant legislation on our committee when we have had differences of opin-ion, including on the 21st Century Cures legislation and No Child Left Be-hind. Yet I have to say, with all due re-spect, the last 7 months of working with the Senator and the Democrats on trying to fix the Affordable Care Act, as they have asked us to do, has been the most frustrating time in my 16 years in the Senate. For example, she made three points. One is that the Democrats were un-happy that we had reduced taxes and repealed the individual mandate. We know they are unhappy about that, and we know it raised individual rates somewhat, maybe as much as 10 per-cent. OK. That was last year. So what are we supposed to do—not work to re-duce rates? We continue to work to re-duce rates. According to the Oliver Wyman ex-perts, the proposal Senator C
OLLINS  and I have put on the floor, which is basically a combination of bipartisan proposals, would reduce rates by up to 40 percent, taking into account what we did in the tax bill. The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, said it would reduce rates by up to 20 percent. That is the first point. I understand the Democrats don’t like to cut taxes, and they don’t like to get rid of the individual mandate, which is a tax on a lot of poor people, but they have to get over that at some point. If you think it raised rates, let’s cut rates. We have a proposal to cut rates on plumbers and songwriters who pay for their own insurance by 40 per-cent. So that is not a very good excuse for blocking this rate decrease. The second thing is, the distin-guished Senator from Washington said the Collins-Alexander proposal inter-feres with preexisting condition. It does not. Only someone who hasn’t read the bill carefully could think about that for a moment. I mean, we deliberately made sure the proposal we would present would not disturb the es-sential health benefits, which most of us would like to do, and most of them would not. It does not change the pre-existing condition requirement. It does codify the proposals the President made on short-term insur-ance, at the suggestion of the Demo-crats, who were afraid the President might be able to do some things. What we were trying to do was limit what he could do, to say the States have the re-sponsibility, and to make sure the con-sumers knew what they were buying. After all, the short-term plans, which the Democrats don’t like, can only be done if States choose to do them. They were afraid the President might do them, so we made sure he could not. So that is not an issue. The third thing is in terms of the Hyde amendment. Now, the Hyde amendment is a very simple amend-ment. Usually, when you oppose some-thing, you just stand up and say: Look, this is the reason I am opposing it. You may disagree with me or you may not, but this is my reason. This is the only reason the Demo-crats are blocking this 40-percent rate reduction. They have said so publicly and privately. That is it. That is the only reason. They don’t like applying the Hyde amendment to health insur-ance in this bill. If they don’t, fine. That is their prerogative. I respect that. I don’t question their motive, and I don’t question their right to do it. I would just like for them to stand up and say that is what they are doing. Then they can explain to the American people what sense that makes. We have been working for 7 months to develop this proposal that includes two parts. One is fundamentally the Alexander-Murray proposal that Sen-ator SCHUMER said every single Demo-crat would vote for, and the other part is 3 years of reinsurance at $10 billion a year. That is it. Those are bipartisan ideas. The only issue is, shall we also apply Hyde to it? What we have planned to do for the last several months is to put it in this bill that we are voting on today, the omnibus bill, to which the Hyde lan-guage has applied since 1976. What that means is, the Hyde language is a com-promise. It says you may not use Fed-eral funds for elective abortion, but it makes clear that States, individuals, churches, and nonprofits may pay for elective abortions. That is the com-promise. We counted them up. The Hyde language applies to more than 100 Federal programs that the Democrats will be voting on today. The Democrats will be voting today on applying the Hyde language to the National Institutes of Health, but Sen-ator MURRAY is saying they can’t apply it to a 40-percent health insurance rate reduction. They will be voting to apply the Hyde language to community health centers, but she is saying, no, they can’t apply it to a 40-percent health insurance rate reduction. They are going to be voting to apply it to the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program—that is for all of us who get insurance, all the Federal employees— but that they can’t apply it to a health insurance rate reduction. We are going to apply it to Federal family planning grants under title X, but for some rea-son, we can’t apply the same law to a health insurance rate reduction. I can go down that list, as I did earlier, but I will not read the whole thing. There is the VA, global health programs, the Ryan White school-based health cen-ters. The Democrats have voted for Hyde protection hundreds of time. What the Democrats are arguing is, when they had 60 Senators here and President Obama and a Speaker of the House named P
ELOSI , they passed the Afford-able Care Act, and they watered down Hyde for the purposes of the Affordable Care Act. They want that language. No Republican has ever voted for that lan-guage in the Senate. The Democrats have voted hundreds of time for Hyde. How can we continue, how can we ex-pect to make any progress in fixing the Affordable Care Act if the Democrats will not apply the Hyde language to any funding under it? I don’t see any prospect for it. I don’t like the insinuation that I have walked away from anything. Most of the Republicans are usually willing to work with the Democrats, and I have spent hundreds of hours. I walked over to the Senator on the night we failed on repeal and replace and said: Let’s do something. We had long dis-cussions. We had hearings to which half the Senate came. Everybody was just cheering. It was like going to sum-mer camp. Why don’t we do more of this? So we did it, and we came up with something the Democratic leader said everybody could vote for over there. Then they got mad about the tax cut. OK. They can be mad but not forever, maybe. So we came up with a cure for that. We got a 40-percent rate reduction de-spite what we did in the tax bill. All we want to do is to apply to this health program the same health program that every Democrat who votes for this bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.059 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1921 March 22, 2018 
will be applying to every other health program today. If they will not do that, how can they stand up and say they expect to make progress on fixing the Affordable Care Act? I don’t know any way to do it. I am as willing as anybody to try to work things out here, but I am no ma-gician. I greatly respect the Senator from Washington and enjoy working with her, but on this issue, I think we have reached an impasse. They have yet to give us any language at all that applies to the Hyde language. All of their suggestions are saying: We want to do what we did when we had 60 Sen-ators, a President of the United States, and N
ANCY PELOSI as Speaker. Well, they may want to, but that is the one time that ever happened, and here we are today—with no one objecting on the Democratic side. I mean, should I offer an amendment to take the Hyde language out of ap-plying to the National Institutes of Health? Why don’t they offer to take it out of family planning grants under title X? That should be just as offen-sive as applying the Hyde language to health insurance. I don’t understand this. They have been scrambling around all day. The staff has been putting out memos. They are making up things. They are misleading, and they are misreading. They are making excuses. There is only one reason. They are blocking a 40-per-cent health insurance rate decrease for the plumber who is making $60,000 and paying $20,000 for his insurance. We could cut that $20,000 insurance to $12,000 over the next 3 years. That per-son is hurting, and the Democrats are blocking that. They will say: We will apply Hyde to everything else but not to the rate decrease for that plumber. I don’t understand it, and I don’t see any way to make any progress on it as long as they take that position. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I want to make three points in response to the objection that was raised by my friend and colleague from Washington State. The first is timing. According to the Senator from Wash-ington, we have all the time in the world. Regrettably, that is not true. Starting next month, insurers are be-ginning their calculations on what rates they are going to charge for in-surance policies on the individual mar-ket next year. They are also making the decision as to whether they are even going to sell in particular coun-ties across this country. There is al-ready not much competition, so the time is urgent for us to act. Those rates get approved by the State insur-ance commissioners, and they are pub-lished on October 1. So the idea that we have tons of time to take care of this problem is just not accurate. Indeed, as Senator A
LEXANDER just said, the chairman of the HELP Com-mittee, the HELP Committee has spent months on these concepts, has worked really hard on these issues, and has had extensive hearings and roundtables and discussions. The one thing we do not have is time, and that is why the Na-tional Association of Insurance Com-missioners has urged us to act on this bill. The second is the concept that some-how this bill has brandnew concepts in it. The only thing that is new is the amendment that was just filed by the Senator from Washington State. I have no idea what is in that. It was not shared with me. To my knowledge, it was not shared with the Senator from Tennessee. I have no idea whether it covers cost savings reductions that help our lowest income people pay their copays and deductibles. I have no idea what it does to silver-loading, whereby insurers jack up the prices of silver plans in order to draw down more Federal dollars. I have no idea what it does on a whole variety of issues because I have never seen it. By contrast, the language of the Col-lins-Alexander proposal was shared with the minority. Indeed, I have had several discussions with the Senator from Washington State about the lan-guage, and all of the concepts in our bill have been debated. Hearings have been held on them. They have been talked about extensively. They are not new. There was a change in the rein-surance provisions, which I authored with my friend and colleague, the former State insurance commissioner from Florida, Senator NELSON , and that was to add a third year to the re-insurance. I would have thought my Democratic friends would have been thrilled with that—a third year. That was at the suggestion, I would say, of Congress-man C
OSTELLO and Congressman W AL-
DENin the House. We also put in a Federal backstop so every State could be assured of the benefits of reinsurance in the next year, even if they had not had time to file the application for a waiver under section 1332. Again, that is a concept my Democratic friends were pushing for us to include. It was one that I, frankly, had reservations about, but that is in there. So those are two changes in the reinsurance that our Democratic colleagues, I would think, would be applauding because it helps to drive down rates. Third, I hear from my Democratic colleagues that this is an enormous change in the application of the Hyde amendment because it applies to com-mercial insurers. That is just not true. The Hyde amendment already applies to the Federal Employees Health Bene-fits Program. That is the insurance program for 8.3 million Americans who are Federal employees, spouses, or family members of Federal employees, or retired Federal employees—8.3 mil-lion. How does the Presiding Officer think that program is administered? The answer is, it is administered through commercial insurers like Blue Cross Blue Shield, United Health Insur-ance, and many others. This is not the first time, and the language actually for the Federal Employees Health Ben-efits Program is more strict than what is in the bill we have proposed. So the idea that this is some new approach is just not accurate. The Federal Government spends about $1 trillion on healthcare through various programs—its share of Med-icaid, Medicare, VA programs, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the TRICARE Program, the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. It is about $1 trillion. Guess what. That is 100 times more than the amount that is covered in this bill—100 times more. So this is not a new concept in any way. The reinsurance provisions and the cost-saving reductions have been dis-cussed for months in the HELP Com-mittee, both formally in hearings where, by the way, there was wide-spread support for them and in infor-mal roundtables and in Senator-to-Sen-ator discussions. Make no mistake about the stakes here, if we do not act—and it appears, due to the objection on the Democratic side, that we are not going to act—in-surance rates will go up on October 1. That is going to hurt everybody who has to buy insurance who wants to be insured and has to buy through the in-dividual market because they don’t get insurance through the workplace. That is going to hurt very low-income peo-ple. That is also going to hurt those who receive no government help at all and do not have employer-provided in-surance because they are self-em-ployed. Why don’t we want to take advan-tage of this opportunity to decrease in-surance rates by as much as 40 percent over the next 2 years? Do you know how welcome that would be by the people in my State of Maine? Maine is a low-income State. We don’t have Microsoft headquarters in the State of Maine. We are a low-in-come State. We need insurance rates to fall. This bill would do it. Oliver Wyman, the well-respected healthcare consulting firm, has verified that rates would fall. The CBO says premiums would be less, and Oliver Wyman says 3.2 million more people would be in-sured. Surely—surely—this should be a goal we can all embrace. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, let me say to my colleague, the chairman of our committee, the Senator from Ten-nessee, through the Chair, that I great-ly respect the rapport I have with him, the working ability we have shown time and again through issues like Cures and ESSA and all the bills we have worked on and will continue to work on. I have that respect and admi-ration for him, and I want him to know I will continue to do that because I be-lieve in legislating, and I know he does as well. I share that respect. To the Senator from Maine, through the Chair, I would also say I have a lot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.061 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1922 March 22, 2018 
of respect for the Senator from Maine and her passions and her goals on this as well. I say to both of them, this is an issue I care about deeply. I would not have sat down with any one of them to work on a bipartisan solution to the di-lemma we found ourselves in through-out the last year as repeated decisions were made that undermine the security of people in terms of their ability to af-ford quality healthcare and a market-place that was increasingly seeing un-certainty. I believe in those goals, and I know they do as well. I remain committed to getting this done. I agree timing is everything, and we have been working on this since September. I regret the actions that were taken that we were not able to put this forward in September or De-cember, and we are here now at this point. I will state, as to the language that has been added, obviously and clearly, there is a real divide on how it is read, how it is interpreted, and how it could be applicable. That is our objection. I say to my colleague, my chairman, through the Chair as well, that we had offered him language on Friday that did indeed deal with the Hyde amend-ment. No one here said we cannot have that, but we have language that ex-ceeds, in my opinion—I know that is not shared on the other side—but in my opinion extends well beyond into the private marketplace, where I think there is a line the people would not support, and I certainly can’t myself. In addition to the other language dealing with people’s ability to protect their preexisting conditions, we clearly have a divide on how that is inter-preted, but that does not preclude our ability, if we agree on the goal of stabi-lizing the marketplace and ensuring that we can do the CSR payments, that we can do the reinsurance program the Senator from Maine has championed, and rightfully so—and I hope we can all agree that moving on from here, we would return to that bipartisan pro-posal, not partisan proposals, and move to get this done. I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, first of all, I think the session led by Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator C OLLINS on the cost-sharing has been very helpful and shows the impact that would have if we went forward with it, but I want to talk about the funding bill itself. The first and foremost thing this bill does is it makes critical investments to keep Americans safe. It is the largest annual defense increase year-to-year in 15 years. It provides a pay increase for those who risk their lives in service to us. When we send our men and women who are willing to do that job in harm’s way, we ought to do everything we can to ensure that they have every possible advantage. We don’t want Americans to be in a fair fight. We want Americans to be in an unfair fight because we have stacked the fight in favor of people who are defending us. We lost the advantages we had over the last 10 years. We clearly have not funded the military at the level it needed to be funded. We haven’t pro-vided the training dollars. We let the equipment get old. I would like to think I have consistently been on the other side of that debate. We see what happens when we lose that advantage. We lost 80 personnel this year and last year, 2017, in acci-dents—in training accidents and other accidents—where people are asked to do too much for too many hours with-out enough training on the kind of equipment they are going to be using. We had 80 people lost in those acci-dents—four times as many people as were lost in combat. We can’t continue to let that happen. That is what this bill does. It turns the page after a decade of inadequate funding, a decade of diminished readi-ness, a decade of training that wasn’t what people should have been expected to have before they were expected to do the things we asked them to do. This bill makes the equipment bet-ter, it strengthens our military de-fense, it strengthens our missile de-fense, it funds new weapons systems, and invests heavily in measures de-signed to counter the threats such as ISIL and North Korea. It begins to upgrade U.S. military strength with funding increases for shipbuilding, for aircraft procurement and maintenance. Some of the aircraft we make—the Growlers and Super Hor-nets—in Missouri, and there are lots of small suppliers that are a part of that readiness chain that are jeopardized when we decide we are not going to keep our equipment up-to-date or re-paired. This bill has a pay raise for the mili-tary men and women that they de-serve. It also deals with veterans. In my State, we have 500,000 veterans. I am proud to see this bill provides a record level of Veterans’ Administra-tion funding but also continues down the path of being sure veterans have more choices. There is no reason to drive by three hospitals that are really good at something that the veterans hospital you are going to may not be as good at. There are things veterans hos-pitals should be better at than anybody else. They should be better at post- traumatic stress. They should be better at IED attacks, where eyes and limbs are hurt. Always the veterans hospitals have been as good as anybody on pros-thetics when people have lost legs and lost arms. That is part of what vet-erans uniquely are likely to have hap-pen to them more than others. There is no reason to assume they should be as good at kidney dialysis or open-heart surgery. There is every reason to as-sume, if they want to go somewhere that really is good at this that is closer to where they live, they should be able to do that. This bill funds either the construc-tion or the repair and backup of almost 100 miles of the wall that the President talked about at the border. It provides the money to keep the Guantanamo Bay detention facility open. It has the Fix NICS component, particularly with Federal agencies. It was a shock to me and others, as we have looked into this, that so many of the problems with reporting to the background check system have been through Federal agencies and the mili-tary failing to report the kinds of things that clearly would be reported if they had happened in a civilian envi-ronment. Fix NICS does that, providing incentives for States to figure out how to make their reporting better. This includes the Hatch and Klo-buchar safe schools language that talks about how to stop school violence, early intervention, military mental health awareness. In my State, at least, we have been leaning on some-thing called mental health first aid, where teachers and others who work with young people are not turned into psychiatrists or psychologists but in a fairly intensive, but short, period of time are given some of the key things to look for to then try to connect that young man or woman with the kind of help they need. The equipment that could be avail-able for better securing schools would be available in new ways under this bill, if we pass it. Some of that is in the education area. I am on that sub-committee with the Presiding Officer. The labor, the health and human services, and the education components of the bill are strong—what we are doing for the third year straight in healthcare research. Until this year, every time we made that new commit-ment to healthcare research, after 12 years of no increase at all, we did it with no new money. It was purely prioritizing this as an important thing. With this year’s bill, the bill we will pass today, we will restore 22 percent of funding that the NIH lost in re-search buying power in the previous 12 years, where not a single new penny went to healthcare research beyond what they had before—whether it is Alzheimer’s, cancer, or the BRAIN Ini-tiative. We just simply know a lot more than we knew a dozen years ago about the human genome, about the in-dividual impact of cancers, about get-ting your own system more aggres-sively fighting back, by sort of amping up your own system’s response. Your system and mine, we have a response to those cancerous attacks, but usually it is quickly overwhelmed by the can-cer itself. It doesn’t have to be that way because research has led the way on that. This bill is not perfect. I could go through the bill—every one of us could go through the bill and find something in there that we individually don’t like. That is part of the legislating process. Going back to my earlier comments, it is a different decision to be made when you decide: I am absolutely com-mitted to defending the country, but I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.063 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1923 March 22, 2018 
am going to find something in the bill that funds that that I can be against, so even though I can be for defense, I don’t have to explain anything I am not for. I would rather we brought these bills to the floor one at a time. I am lucky— I hope—fortunate to be on the special committee that was just appointed to try to figure out a way to make the budget and appropriations process work in a way that this might be the last time we have all this in one bill. It didn’t used to be that way. It has been that way for about 10 years now. It needs to stop. Every Member needs to have a right to be able to amend these bills, to bring them to the floor one at a time or two at a time, have a real de-bate, and put them on the President’s desk as we pass them, not to wait until 6 months after the new spending year begins and then have one big bill and have no real impact on what is in that bill in ways we would like to—at least vote on having it changed. It is not perfect. There was right-to- conscience language, where healthcare professionals who didn’t want to be part of a particular procedure that would generally be a life-ending proce-dure because of their personal con-science and faith beliefs—you would think that could have made it in this bill, but it didn’t. I would be much happier about voting on this bill if it were there, but it is not there. So I can find things that aren’t there that I would like to see in this bill. I can cer-tainly find things that are in the bill that I would prefer not to see us go for-ward with. But that is the process of democracy. That is the process of legis-lating. You have to look at the alter-natives before you. If we are going to make the kind of commitment to our national defense and the men and women who defend us that this bill makes, if we are going to make the kind of commitment to healthcare research and school safety that this bill makes, the choice today is to vote for the bill sometime before the continuing resolution runs out to-morrow or to think of how you could have done this in a better way. I think we all can think of better ways to do this. Moving forward here, it is important that we have made a commitment to the opioid crisis we are seeing in the country. More people now die from drug overdoses than in car accidents. Drug overdoses have become the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the coun-try today. We have $1.5 billion in flexible spend-ing for the States as part of the $3 bil-lion being spent to fight the opioid cri-sis in the next year. About 15 percent of that $1.5 billion is going to go to the States that have the biggest problem. There will be some allocation to every State because every State has a prob-lem, but some States have bigger prob-lems. For the first time in this fight, with the good advice of Senator S
HA-
HEEN , Senator C APITO , Senator PORTMAN , and others, we are factoring in a way to get more money quicker to the States that have big problems. There is also money for the National Institute of Health to research new ways to respond to drug overdoses so that more people survive the overdose and research different ways to deal with pain so that people don’t get ad-dicted to the things they are addicted to now and either die from overdoses or move to even more dangerous drugs. And people who don’t die from an over-dose can see their lives crumble in front of them even if they are fortu-nate enough to recover from the addic-tion they became part of. This is a na-tional crisis, and this bill views it as a national crisis. Whether it is a domestic crisis, like opioids, or an international crisis, like our failure to defend ourselves in a way that people who defend us would expect us to be willing to do—this is a bill that overall deserves to be voted for. I intend to vote for it. I intend to start tomorrow trying to have a bill next year that not only comes to the floor in a different way but also corrects the problems that I think could have been better served in the bill we have before us today. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the pros-pect of retirement has imbued me with a sense of urgency as I have never felt it before. With just a few months left in office, I have an ambitious agenda that I am committed to getting across the finish line, and with the passage of this year’s spending bill, I am grateful to be several steps closer to that goal. In my first Senate address after an-nouncing that this term would be my last, I made clear my intentions for my final year in office. I promised to be on the Senate floor, early and often, push-ing the most critical reforms of this Congress, and I have been. I promised a flurry of legislative activity from my office, and you have seen it. Anyone who wants to count me out doesn’t know that I have a dedicated staff determined to drive this old work-horse into the ground, and with the passage of this year’s omnibus, our ef-forts are beginning to bear fruit. True to my promise in January to go big and to go bold, I have been hard at work over the last few weeks to include in this year’s spending package a number of legislative priorities that will make a meaningful difference for millions of Americans. I wish to thank the majority leader, the majority whip, the Speaker of the House, and their respective staffs for going extra lengths to help me attach several of these signature initiatives to the bill we will soon pass. Whether it is historic legislation to prevent school violence and improve our background check system or bipartisan measures to empower law enforcement and strengthen our rural communities, this omnibus encompasses a number of pol-icy victories that will greatly benefit both Utah and the Nation. Let me begin with the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act, or CLOUD Act. This critically important legislation will create a workable framework for law enforcement to ob-tain data stored overseas while at the same time protecting providers from conflicts of law and encouraging other countries to strengthen domestic pri-vacy standards. This bill is a win for law enforcement, for the tech commu-nity, and for the Trump administration as well. Passage of the CLOUD Act is the cul-mination of more than 4-years of hard work. My first foray on this issue was the Law Enforcement Access to Data Stored Abroad Act, or the LEADS Act, which I introduced in September 2014. I continued my work last Congress with the International Communications Pri-vacy Act, or ICPA. Then, earlier this year, I introduced the CLOUD Act with my good friends Senator C
OONS , Sen-ator G
RAHAM , and Senator W HITE-
HOUSE . Among other things, the CLOUD Act authorizes the United States to enter into bilateral agreements with other governments to set clear standards for requests for digital evidence. Under these bilateral agreements, the United States agrees to lift its blocking stat-ute on disclosure to foreign law en-forcement if the other country simi-larly agrees to lift any such bar it has on disclosure to U.S. law enforcement. Moreover, the CLOUD Act requires that any order issued by a foreign gov-ernment on a U.S. provider be subject to judicial or other administrative re-view before the provider can be forced to turn over data. I am hopeful that the U.S.-U.K. bilat-eral agreement framework outlined in the CLOUD Act will serve as a model for future agreements between the United States and other countries. Ex-peditiously implementing similar agreements with the European Union and our other allies is critical to pro-tecting consumers around the world and facilitating legitimate law enforce-ment investigations. The CLOUD Act gives law enforce-ment the tools they need to keep us safe. So, too, does the STOP School Vi-olence Act. We started working with families from Sandy Hook on this bi-partisan bill several months ago. They had some great ideas for making our schools safer including school threat assessment teams; anonymous report-ing systems; and training for students, teachers, and law enforcement to pre-vent future violence. We engaged with stakeholders from the security indus-try about school security infrastruc-ture improvements. These and other evidence-based strategies and programs to improve school safety formed the foundation of the STOP School Vio-lence Act. We were refining the bill and shoring up bipartisan support when tragedy struck at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. This certainly increased the urgency of the legislation, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.065 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1924 March 22, 2018 
welcomed the help and advice of the families from Parkland as well. I can’t even imagine how I would react if something like that happened to one of my children, so it has been in-credible to see these families from Sandy Hook and Parkland channel that grief and anger into unifying action. In particular, I would like to thank Ryan Petty, Patrick Petty, Kyle Kashuv, and so many other outstanding individuals who shared with us their unique per-spective on the issue of school vio-lence. Without them, this bill would not have become a reality. Despite everything people like Kyle and the Pettys’ went through, they came in with the attitude of wanting to find common ground and bring peo-ple together. These families from Park-land came in wanting to make a dif-ference, saying this time had to be dif-ferent, and very soon, they can say that they helped pass a historic bill that will save hundreds, if not thou-sands, of lives. In the spirit of keeping young people safe, I am glad we were also able to get my Child Protection Improvements Act included in the omnibus. The objective of this bipartisan bill is simple: to bet-ter protect the most vulnerable in our society, namely, children, the elderly, and individuals with disabilities. The Child Protection Improvements Act amends the National Child Protec-tion Act of 1993 to make permanent a pilot program originally created by the Adam Walsh Act. This program ensures that organizations that serve children, the elderly, and individuals with dis-abilities have access to FBI fingerprint background checks for their employ-ees, volunteers, and coaches. My hope is that this bill, which is broadly sup-ported by youth-serving organizations and law enforcement groups, will save many lives and better protect those who cannot protect themselves. Giving permanency to this background check program is an important step in keep-ing children and the defenseless safe from violent criminals and sexual pred-ators who might otherwise slip through the cracks. Also among our Nation’s most vul-nerable are those struggling with ad-diction to opioids. Opioid abuse in our Nation has reached epidemic levels, leaving in its wake a trail of tragedy and shattered life. Few are immune to the devastating effects of addiction. For many, dependency begins with a painkiller prescription in the after-math of a surgery or serious injury. Against their own will, patients de-velop an addiction to pain medication that leaves them craving more. Over time, feeding this addiction becomes increasingly difficult, pushing many to look for a harder fix. Some even turn to heroin, spurring a rapid descent into despondency from which few return. To combat this harrowing epidemic, the omnibus more than triples the Fed-eral resources devoted to the opioid crisis, allocating billions of dollars to opioid prevention, treatment, and en-forcement. Moreover, the omnibus in-creases NIH funding to research new advances in healthcare and medicine, as well as alternative pain manage-ment options. My home State of Utah is a leader in this field, and this bill will give researchers the resources they need to continue to break new ground. In short, this legislation is a symbol of hope for millions across the country whose lives have been ravaged by the opioid epidemic. In addition to helping Americans whose lives have been upended by ad-diction, I am also committed to help-ing Westerners who are struggling in our rural communities. That is why I worked long and hard to include in this year’s omnibus a 2-year extension of the Secure Rural Schools program, or SRS. The SRS program is absolutely crit-ical to rural, forest counties in Utah and across the West. As the timber in-dustry has declined in our country, rural counties with high presence of National Forest System lands face sig-nificant hardships in maintaining schools and essential infrastructure. Fortunately, with the extension of SRS, hard-working county leaders will be able to improve road maintenance, fund law enforcement, and keep our schools and libraries open. The SRS program, as well as pro-grams such as PILT, are a boon to fam-ilies across the State of Utah. Of equal importance are our defense programs. Utah has some of the most patriotic people in the country, not to mention thousands of veterans and Active-Duty servicemembers. That is why I have al-ways done everything in my power to support the warfighter, so I am pleased that this bill includes a much-needed 2.4 percent pay raise for our troops, the largest in 8 years. What is more, the legislation we are set to vote on today has the largest increase in defense funding in over 15 years, with a $61 bil-lion increase over last year’s levels. This is especially good news for my hard-working constituents at military installations throughout the state. What I have mentioned thus far is by no means an exhaustive list of the leg-islative victories included in this year’s omnibus, but also worth men-tioning are initiatives to build research capacity at the National Institutes of Health; make childcare more afford-able for America’s hard-working fami-lies, expand TIGER grants to facilitate transportation projects across the country, strengthen the Economic De-velopment Administration to bolster rural communities, and support evi-dence-based education programs for our Nation’s youth. On each of these initiatives, I worked closely with stakeholders and everyday Utahns to ensure that their perspectives would be heard and their needs would be met. I am pleased with the work we have been able to do on this bill. Like any compromise, it is far from perfect, but it’s undeniably good, and I can con-fidently say that the bills included in this legislative package will have a lasting effect on the lives of thousands of Utahns and thousands more across the country. Now, some have criticized the process of passing this legislation, criticizing the fact that lawmakers have not been able to read the omnibus from begin-ning to end. I take serious issue with this criticism. True, the omnibus is large, but every bill included therein has been thoroughly vetted over the course of several months and, in some cases, several years, so the assertion that we are passing a bill, the contents of which are unknown, is completely disingenuous. We know exactly what is in this omnibus because it is the cul-mination of all our hard work this Con-gress. This is a common vehicle for passing vetted legislation, and anyone who tells you otherwise is playing po-litical games. Let me just conclude by saying that, with the time I have left here in the Senate, I plan to leave everything on the field. For me, 2018 is not a victory lap but a sprint to the finish, and I plan to finish strong. Mr. President, I submit this state-ment on behalf of myself and Ranking Member Wyden. The provisions of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, showing the text of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2018, before the Senate for debate today includes technical correc-tions to legislation enacted prior to 2017. These provisions are important to provide clarity to taxpayers and to the administration of the law. I and Rank-ing Member R
ONWYDEN have asked the staff of the nonpartisan Joint Com-mittee on Taxation to make available to the public a technical explanation of this legislation. The technical explanation expresses the congressional understanding and legislative intent behind this impor-tant legislation. It is available on the Joint Committee’s website at www.jct.gov. It is document JCX–6–18, ‘‘Technical Explanation of the Revenue Provisions of the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625 (Rules Committee Print 115–66),’’ March 22, 2018. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about title XI of divi-sions S of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2018, H.R. 1625. Title XI of Division S, the Fair Agricultural Re-porting Methods Act, or the FARM Act is identical to the text of S. 2421, which was introduced on February 13, 2018, and which was referred to the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, where I serve as ranking mem-ber. I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of S. 2421. The Environment and Public Works Committee held two legislative hear-ings on the text of S. 2421. The first was on S. 2421 as introduced, in the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight on March 8, 2018. The second 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.018 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1925 March 22, 2018 
hearing was held by the full committee on March 14, 2018, on a committee draft of legislation, the ‘‘Agriculture Creates Real Employment (ACRE) Act.’’ The text of S. 2421 was included in the com-mittee draft of the ACRE Act, as sec-tion 3. S. 2421 exempts most farms from the hazardous substance release reporting requirements under section 103 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act, CERCLA, for air emissions from animal waste, but leaves intact report-ing requirements under the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to- Know Act, EPCRA. The FARM Act also preserves reporting requirements and enforcement authority under State and local laws, as neither CERCLA nor EPCRA would preempt such require-ments. As I said during those hearings, I be-lieve our country’s environmental laws serve our entire Nation, including our farmers, quite well, but I recognize that sometimes environmental require-ments can be complex and confusing to those who farm, especially when these rules suddenly change. This is what happened in April 2017 when the DC Circuit Court of Appeals invalidated an EPA rule from 2008, which exempted all farms in the Nation from reporting requirements for haz-ardous air emissions from animal waste under CERCLA. That same rule also exempted many farms from reporting requirements under section 304 of EPCRA, but left in place reporting requirements for large concentrated animal feeding oper-ations, known as CAFOs. This is be-cause EPA received numerous com-ments from local officials and the pub-lic in support of having farms report these emissions. Since January 2009, EPA has required large CAFOs to re-port their emissions of ammonia and hydrogen sulfide from animal waste under section 304 of EPCRA. With the court’s decision to vacate the 2008 rule, all farms that exceeded releases of 100 pounds in a 24–hour pe-riod of ammonia or hydrogen sulfide were now subject to reporting require-ments under section 103 of CERCLA and under section 304 of EPCRA. Farms had no experience with CERCLA re-porting, because the 2008 rule exempted all farms from reporting under section 103 of that statute. The FARM Act pro-vides a statutory exemption to the re-porting requirements under section 103 because the DC Circuit found that EPA did not have the authority to exempt farms from these releases. This re-stores the CERCLA reporting exemp-tion under which farmers have oper-ated since 2009. Reporting requirements under EPCRA have been quite different. As I noted before, the Bush administration chose to only exempt some farms from reporting releases of extremely haz-ardous substances from animal waste under section 304 of EPCRA, and since 2009, large CAFOs have been success-fully reporting these releases to their State emergency response commissions and to their local emergency planning committees. The DC Circuit vacated the rule that exempted farms that weren’t large CAFOs from EPCRA re-porting requirements under section 304. One thing I worked hard on with Sen-ators Fischer and Barrasso as we were developing the FARM Act was to en-sure that, at the same time we exempt-ed farms from hazardous substance re-porting requirements under section 103 of CERCLA, we chose to make no changes to how extremely hazardous substances should be reported under EPCRA. We heard testimony from mul-tiple witnesses during both of our hear-ings on this point, namely that this legislation did not change reporting re-quirements for releases of extremely hazardous substances under EPCRA. We also heard testimony from a local government official about the ways that he and his constituents would use the information in these reports. Another important aspect of the FARM Act is that it in no way modi-fies any of EPA’s response or remedial authorities under CERCLA, nor does it in any way limit or reduce liability as-sociated with a release from any facil-ity, which of course includes farms. This fact is made explicit in section 3 of S. 2421 and in section 1103 of H.R. 1625, division S, title XI. I want to thank Senators F
ISCHER  and B
ARRASSO for working with me and agreeing to not amend EPCRA in S. 2421, and similarly in title XI of divi-sion S of H.R. 1625. That was critical for many Members on the Democratic side who have repeatedly heard con-cerns from State and local officials, the public health experts, and other members of these communities who have the right to know about what is in their air. Finally, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a Congres-sional Research Service memorandum titled ‘‘Supplemental Analysis: Fair Agricultural Reporting Method Act/ FARM Act (S. 2421).’’ As I have already noted, the text of the FARM Act in di-vision S, title XI, of the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, is identical to S. 2421. There-fore, the analysis contained in the CRS memo on S. 2421 applies equally to the language in the omnibus. There is addi-tional analysis on the FARM Act by CRS that is part of the hearing records on S. 2421 and on the ACRE Act. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  M
EMORANDUM  M
ARCH 13, 2018. To: Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works Attention: Kusai Merchant. Hon. C
ORYA. B OOKER , Ranking Member Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Manage-ment, and Regulatory Oversight Attention: Adam Zipkin. From: David M. Bearden, Specialist in Envi-ronmental Policy Subject: Supplemental Analysis: Fair Agri-cultural Reporting Method Act/FARM Act (S. 2421). This memorandum responds to your re-quest for a more detailed discussion of the analysis presented in a CRS memorandum provided on March 7, 2018. CRS prepared this earlier memorandum to respond to your ini-tial request for an analysis of amendments to the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) in the Fair Agricultural Report-ing Method Act or ‘‘FARM Act’’ (S. 2421), as introduced on February 13, 2018. As discussed in the March 7th CRS memorandum, S. 2421 would exempt air releases of hazardous sub-stances emitted by animal waste at farms from reporting requirements under CERCLA, and would have a bearing on the applica-bility of reporting requirements under Sec-tion 304 of the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (EPCRA). This supplemental memorandum elabo-rates upon the analysis presented in the March 7th CRS memorandum to outline cir-cumstances in which the emergency notifica-tion requirements in Section 304 of EPCRA would apply under current law, and the bear-ing of S. 2421 on the applicability of these re-quirements to air releases emitted by animal waste. The March 7th CRS memorandum provides additional background information in support of this analysis, and offers a broader examination of how S. 2421 would de-fine the terms ‘‘animal waste’’ and ‘‘farm’’ for purposes of the bill. I hope that this sup-plemental memorandum is helpful to address your questions about circumstances in which EPCRA may continue to apply if S. 2421 were enacted. If you need further assistance from CRS in consideration of this legislation or related issues, please do not hesitate to con-tact me. 
SECTION 304 OF EPCRA  As explained in the March 7th CRS memo-randum, Section 304 of EPCRA outlines three situations in which the reporting of releases of extremely hazardous substances or haz-ardous substances into the environment is required. In each situation, the person re-sponsible for the release must notify the State Emergency Response Commission (SERC) and the appropriate Local Emer-gency Planning Committee (LEPC) that cov-ers the local jurisdiction where the release occurs. Two of these situations are contin-gent upon the release being subject to notifi-cation under Section 103 of CERCLA for re-porting to the National Response Center! The third situation is not contingent upon reporting under CERCLA. The three situa-tions covered in Section 304 of EPCRA are as follows. Section 304(a)(1) requires notification of re-leases of extremely hazardous substances listed under EPCRA, if the release would re-quire notification for hazardous substances under Section 103 of CERCLA. Section 304(a)(3) requires notification of re-leases of other hazardous substances that are not separately listed as extremely hazardous substances under EPCRA, if the release would require notification under Section 103 of CERCLA. Section 304(a)(2) requires notification of re-leases of extremely hazardous substances 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.017 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1926 March 22, 2018 
listed under EPCRA (but that are not subject to notification under CERCLA), if three cri-teria are met. In this third situation, releases of ex-tremely hazardous substances listed under EPCRA would require notification under Section 304(a)(2), if the release: (A) is not a federally permitted release as defined in Section 101(10) of CERCLA; (B) is in an amount in excess of a report-able quantity that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) designated under Section 302 of EPCRA; and (C) ‘‘occurs in a manner’’ that would re-quire notification under Section 103 of CERCLA. 
S. 2421 S. 2421 would amend Section 103(e) of CERCLA to exempt ‘‘air emissions from ani-mal waste (including decomposing animal waste) at a farm’’ from reporting to the Na-tional Response Center regardless of the quantity of the release of hazardous sub-stances in air emissions. The bill would not amend Section 304 or any other provisions of EPCRA. Although S. 2421 would not amend this statute, the bill would have the effect of eliminating reporting requirements under Section 304(a)(1) and Section 304(a)(3) of EPCRA for air releases of hazardous sub-stances emitted by animal waste at farms, in so far as the terms ‘‘animal waste’’ and ‘‘farm’’ are defined in the bill. Both Section 304(a)(1) and Section 304(a)(3) of EPCRA are contingent upon reporting re-quired under Section 103 of CERCLA. Ex-empting a release from reporting under Sec-tion 103 of CERCLA thereby would have the effect of exempting the same release from re-porting under Section 304(a)(1) and Section 304(a)(3) of EPCRA. The April 2017 court deci-sion referenced in the March 7th CRS memo-randum (Waterkeeper Alliance, et al., v. EPA) described this statutory relationship in terms of ‘‘a release that triggers the CERCLA duty also automatically trips the EPCRA reporting requirements in sub-sections (1) and (3)’’ of Section 304. S. 2421 would not have a bearing on the re-porting of releases of extremely hazardous substances under Section 304(a)(2) of EPCRA though, as this provision is not contingent upon reporting required under Section 103 of CERCLA. If the exemption from CERCLA in S. 2421 were enacted, the applicability of Section 304(a)(2) therefore would remain the same as in current law. An air release of an extremely hazardous substance emitted by animal waste at a farm would be subject to Section 304(a)(2) if all three statutory cri-teria for reporting were met. An air release of an extremely hazardous substance emitted by animal waste would satisfy the first criterion in Section 304(a)(2)(A) if it were not a federally per-mitted release. Section 101(10) of CERCLA defines the term ‘‘federally permitted re-lease’’ to mean releases regulated under other specific laws. Section 101(10)(H) au-thorizes a federally permitted release for ‘‘any emission into the air’’ subject to a per-mit, regulation, or State Implementation Plan, pursuant to the Clean Air Act. CRS is not aware of the use of these authorities to regulate air releases emitted by animal waste upon which a federally permitted re-lease presently could be based. If such air re-leases were permitted under the Clean Air Act, the releases would be exempt from re-porting and liability under CERCLA as a fed-erally permitted release, and thereby exempt from reporting to state and local officials under Section 304 of EPCRA. An air release of an extremely hazardous substance emitted by animal waste would satisfy the second criterion in Section 304(a)(2)(B) if the quantity of the release were to exceed the quantitative threshold for reporting that EPA designated in federal regulation pursuant to Section 302 of EPCRA. For example, EPA separately listed ammonia and hydrogen sulfide (substances commonly emitted by animal waste) as ex-tremely hazardous substances, and des-ignated 100 pounds released during a 24-hour period as the threshold for reporting under Section 302 of EPCRA. Air releases of ammo-nia or hydrogen sulfide emitted by animal waste in excess of 100 pounds during a 24- hour period therefore would satisfy this sec-ond criterion in Section 304(a)(2)(B). An air release of an extremely hazardous substance emitted by animal waste (e.g., am-monia or hydrogen sulfide) would satisfy the third criterion of Section 304(a)(2)(C) of EPCRA, if the release were to occur in the same manner as a ‘‘release’’ that would re-quire reporting under CERCLA. As outlined in the March 7th CRS memorandum, the term ‘‘release’’ in CERCLA is relatively broad with respect to the manner in which a hazardous substance may enter the environ-ment, including spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, or disposing into the environment. The term ‘‘environment’’ is defined in Section 101(8) of CERCLA to include surface water, ground-water, a drinking water supply, surface soils, sub-surface soils, or ambient air. Section 329 of EPCRA defines the terms ‘‘release’’ and ‘‘environment’’ similar in scope to CERCLA. The federal regulations promulgated under Section 304 of EPCRA reflect these statutory definitions. Both CERCLA and EPCRA gen-erally treat emissions into the ambient air as releases into the environment. In implementation, EPA has treated the phrase ‘‘occurs in a manner’’ in EPCRA Sec-tion 304(a)(2)(C) to mean the nature of the re-lease in terms of how a substance enters the environment, not that reporting is required under Section 103 of CERCLA. Otherwise, Section 304(a)(2) would be rendered meaning-less in covering releases of extremely haz-ardous substances that do not require report-ing as hazardous substances under CERCLA, while requiring reporting under CERCLA at the same time. The March 7th CRS memorandum observed that the exemption from reporting under Section 103 of CERCLA in S. 2421 may not necessarily exempt releases of separately listed extremely hazardous substances from reporting under Section 304(a)(2) of EPCRA. The applicability of this provision to a par-ticular release would depend on whether all three statutory criteria outlined above are met. Regardless of these criteria though, Section 304 in its entirety may not apply to air releases from animal waste at farms if the Trump Administration’s interpretation of the exemption for substances used in rou-tine agricultural operations is not chal-lenged. S. 2421 would not have a bearing on this exemption. Also as noted in the March 7th CRS memo-randum, potential reporting requirements under state or local laws may continue to apply regardless of an exemption in federal law, as neither CERCLA nor EPCRA would preempt such state or local requirements. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for such time as I may consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, this is going to be kind of a strange statement to make. I have great regret that I am going to have to vote for this bill when it comes up—and I am talking about the spending bill—and I don’t like it. I went through a lot of years as being—in fact, since I have been here, I have been ranked with the three most conservative Members every year— more times than anybody else has. I am looking at this right now, and I was listening to some of my colleagues who are concerned about the spending, and no one is more concerned than I am about the spending. We have a problem, though, that a lot of people don’t un-derstand. I have been on the Senate Armed Services Committee for 24 years in the Senate, and I was on the same com-mittee in the House before that, and I have never seen anything like this. We went through things back in the Carter administration where we had a hollow force, and then Ronald Reagan came along in 1980, and we rebuilt our mili-tary. Everybody knows that. They knew what was happening. A hollow force is not good. A hollow force means we can’t really fight a war. Certainly we can’t do two contingencies simulta-neously, as has been our policy for a long period of time. And that is what we got into back then. Now, this hasn’t happened since 1980. I chair one of the subcommittees, and we had the vices in—this was at the end of the Obama administration—and the four vices of the services all said the same thing: We are in a position now where we have a hollow force like we had back in the late seventies. The public doesn’t know this, and our press doesn’t talk very much about this. They talk about all the problems that ring the bells and sell the news-papers and all of that, but they don’t want to talk about the military. This is the reality of what we are faced with right now. General Dunford is the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He said that we are losing our qualitative and quan-titative edge in America. That means we have two great forces out there— one Russia and one China—and they are passing us up. Right now, both China and Russia, with the artillery pieces they have on tanks, can fire eight rounds a minute. Do you know how many rounds we can fire with ours? Four rounds a minute. We got ourselves into a position where we had our ground brigades of the U.S. Army—this was at the end of the last administration—of our ground brigades, only 30 percent of them could be deployed. I don’t like to sound like I am being partisan when I talk about Barack Obama. I respect him in one area, and that is, he was admittedly a very proud 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.023 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1927 March 22, 2018 
liberal, and proud liberals don’t care that much about a defense system. They think that if all countries will stand in a circle and hold hands and unilaterally disarm, all threats will go away. So we went through that, and people didn’t seem to care. There is this myth out there that somehow we are stronger than every-body else, that the equipment we have is better than anybody else’s. During that same timeframe, our air bri-gades—only 30 percent of those were working. The marines who use the F– 18s—62 percent of the F–18s couldn’t fly. One of the things that happen when the military goes down—the first thing that goes down is maintenance, and then, of course, you have moderniza-tion, and that is where we got way down behind. Don’t take my word for it. Right now, we have 27 Members on the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee, and they understand this. They know where we are on this, but a lot of the other people don’t. They have their interests. If they had a strong interest, they would probably be on the committee, and they are not. Secretary Mattis said: 
Our competitive edge has eroded in every domain of warfare—air, land, sea, space, cyberspace—and is continually eroding. America has no pre-ordained right to victory in the battlefield. 
That is Secretary Mattis, who is the Secretary of Defense. Army General Allyn said: 
We’ve had most of our modernization pro-grams on life support for the last several years. Currently, our modernization is 50 percent of what it was in 2009. 
This is a good quote, too. This is from Navy Admiral Moran. So this is not just me saying this; this is where I got the information about the Hornet fleet. The Hornet is the F–18. He said: 
For our entire Hornet fleet . . . we have 62 percent that are not flyable. More than half. We’re double where we should be in non- flyable aircraft. 
General Walters said: 
I can tell you today we cannot [fight two conflicts] simultaneously. 
That is supposed to be our policy, that at a minimum—ever since World War II—we would be able to and have the capability of fighting on two fronts simultaneously. We can’t do it. General Wilson: 
We’re at about 50 percent readiness today, across the Air Force. We [were] . . . the smallest Air Force ever in 2016, when we bot-tomed out at 310,000. 
I could go on and spend a lot of time talking about this, but I can’t find any-one in the military who disagrees. That should be a foregone conclusion if our own military—they are the ones who are responsible for protecting my 20 kids and grandkids from enemies. I just got back from the South China Sea. We have a lot of really good allies there. We have the Philippines, South Korea, Guam, Japan, and Taiwan. They have been our top allies, but do you know what is happening in the South China Sea? China is out there doing something totally illegal. They say that they are reclaiming land. They are not reclaiming it because they don’t have it to start with. They are creating land that is out there in the seaways that we need to defend Amer-ica and to keep our commerce going, and they are building islands. Right now they are up to over 3,000 acres of islands. This is China we are talking about. What are they doing over there? They have runways. They have rock-ets. They have military equipment. There is nothing there except military equipment. It is almost as if they are preparing for world war III. So where are our allies? We talked to our allies. They are embarrassed be-cause they are not sure whose side they are going to be on. In fact, it is almost as if they put this in on purpose, where you would have the Secretary of De-fense or the Minister of Defense, in whichever of these countries I men-tioned, on one side saying ‘‘Well, you know, the threat is not all that great,’’ and the other one is saying ‘‘Yes, you have to do something because the world is coming to end.’’ Well, they are on both sides of this issue. It is fascinating. It is almost as if they got together, and they are doing it by design. Has this ever happened since World War II in our country? No, it hasn’t. That is where we are right now. We have problems that are facing our military; they are very real. This is something that has to be fixed. This bill corrects a lot of these things. We have defense now up to $700 billion. I am going from memory here, but I think the last request that came from President Obama was $548 billion. This is $700 billion. We are rebuilding. We are trying to address the threats from both Russia and China. By the way, I want to mention that there is one other threat in that same area where we were, in North Korea. I am sure everyone knows who Kim Jong Un is. He is the head guy of North Korea. Something happened on Novem-ber 28. On November 28, he fired a rock-et that had a range that could reach the United States of America. It could certainly reach where we are today. Some people say that can’t be true. All they can say is—they fall into two areas of disagreement. They say: Yes, he has the range to reach us, but he couldn’t carry a payload. We have no idea what payload was on this rocket that he sent. Let’s assume there is no payload at all. It would be a matter of days before they make that up. Then they said that he couldn’t reenter. Re-entry is always a problem because to reenter you have to come in and have some level of accuracy. So you can’t reenter there without accuracy. Well, what difference does it make if they have a weapon that could take out a city the size of St. Louis? It doesn’t really matter where it lands, so that is a hollow argument. The power is right there. I have to compliment our President. I hesitate doing it this way because a lot of people don’t understand. Remem-ber when Kim Jong Un made the state-ment in which he said: Ah-ha, on No-vember 28 I showed that I could reach the United States of America, and therefore I have a button I can press, and I could take out an American city—or words to that effect. Instead of the policy of appeasement that we had for 8 years prior to this President coming in, this President said: Yes, and I have a button. It is big-ger than yours. Ours works, yours doesn’t, and we will blow you off the face of this Earth. That doesn’t sound diplomatic does it? It is not. That is what is good about this President. He is not afraid to stand up and be strong. The policy of appeasement hasn’t worked. It has never worked. So what happened? Hours after he made that statement to Kim Jong Un, Un called South Korea and said: You know, we have changed our mind. We are going to send people to the Winter Olympics. Wow, that is a major change. I can remember saying that in one of our own committee hearings, and even our own Intelligence Committee said: Well, he didn’t really mean it. It was just a matter of days after that when he called and said: We want to negotiate, sit down and talk to President Trump, and we will even put things on the table, like denuclearizing. This is going to happen. That is another threat. What I am trying to get across is that those threats are there. In my opinion, that is something that is actually working. In this bill, we have $700 billion. We have $61 billion over the enacted levels of fiscal year 2017. We have a 2.4-per-cent pay raise for our kids out there. We have $11.5 billion for missile de-fense. One of the areas where I was most critical of the last budget that was put together by President Obama was mis-sile defense. If there is ever any time in the history of this country where we have to have missile defense, this is it. They are out there right now. They have the capability; they have missiles that will reach us. We need missile de-fense. We have ground-based interceptors. I was just in Alaska the other day. They now have 44 ground-based interceptors up there. What is really interesting about that is we had 44, and then the last President came in, and he knocked that down to 32, I think it was. Then, as soon as this President came in and looked at it, he went back to 44. Now we are looking at 20 more. Is that going to give us the redun-dancy to protect my 20 kids and grandkids from somebody coming in? Well, it is a lot better than it was, and we are getting all kinds of new equip-ment in order to try to knock down— the big mistake we made in this coun-try was when we were planning to put ground-based interceptors in Poland, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.066 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1928 March 22, 2018 
the Czech Republic, and a radar there that would protect the eastern half of the United States and Western Europe. That was already started when Obama came into office. In his first year, he pulled that program down. One of the persons whom I have al-ways liked over there is Vaclav Klaus. He was the President. When I was over there, I could remember so well saying: We have to have your cooperation, the Czech Republic, to protect America. He said: Are you sure? If I do this and I outrage Russia, they are going to be angry and take every step against us they can. You will not pull the rug out from under us? I said: Absolutely, we are not going to pull the rug out from under you. That is the first thing Obama did when he got into office. That is a prob-lem we shouldn’t have. The threat is there. We are trying to meet the threat. This bill meets that threat. It gets us back to the amount of money that should have been left in missile defense. It is in there right now. We have another $11.5 billion for mis-sile defense, and it is a 44-percent in-crease from 2017. The O&M budget right now is increased. The total budg-et is going to be $238 billion. That is to offset the losses today that the O&M budget has created. This budget that we are going to be voting on is a big budget. Those of us who are going to be voting for it are getting criticized. I will say this: The liberals all like it. They like to spend money. Conservatives don’t. I don’t like to do it. That is all in this bill—57,100 troops over Obama’s 2017 cut. We were not going to have—anyway, this is why we absolutely have to do this. I look and I see that it would be nice if we had the comfort of believing that America is still the strongest out there, that we have everything we need, but we don’t. So let’s look at what we are going to be doing. The Army, from a high point of 566,000 soldiers during the surge in 2007—Obama reduced it to just over 460,000. Thirty-three percent of the bri-gade combat teams didn’t work. The aviation combat teams didn’t work. We are on the road to recovery on this be-cause we did a supplemental. We all re-member that. But it is this budget that is going to bring us back, and we will end up having our military in the posi-tion that the American people think it is in right now. I was on a TV show just a few min-utes ago, and they said: Well, you know, with all this debt that is coming with this, and you are talking about the military—isn’t that a good trade-off? I said: You can’t trade off something when you see the threat that is out there, which is unprecedented in the history of this country, and you have 20 kids and grandkids to protect. No, that is not a good tradeoff. I am hoping that those individuals who are conservatives—and I can’t imagine that anyone on the Senate Armed Services Committee who deals with these issues on a daily basis would not want to get in there and make America strong again. We can do it, but if you don’t vote for this, it is not going to be done. That is the great fear that I have. I hope the conservatives out there—I know for a lot of us, ratings always happen. You cast a vote, and they say: Ah, that is spending a lot of money. We are going to rate against you. Again, it is a tradeoff. It is defending America. That is the one thing we should be doing. I would give anything if we could just pull that element—all that we are doing for the military—out of this budget and do it individually. Let me stand up here and read the riot act about what is happening in this coun-try, the debt that is accumulating, but, unfortunately, I don’t have that option today. We have one vote where we can do it. That is going to be the vote that we do, hopefully, tonight. I am not sure when it is going to be. I just ask my col-leagues to understand the threat facing our country—in my opinion, the great-est threat we have ever had. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRIBUTE TO GABRIELLE BATKIN  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, we are here today to discuss what we call an omnibus bill. I know that ‘‘omnibus’’ is another funny-sounding word that we use sometimes here in Washington, but it simply means a bill that covers a lot of topics. There are provisions in the omnibus legislation that deal with everything from homeland security to the environ-ment to veterans and science, just to name a few. It is particularly fitting that we are discussing an appropria-tions bill that covers such a wide range of topics, as I come to the floor to rec-ognize the service of a member of our staff who has worked on most of the policies covered in the omnibus legisla-tion—maybe all of them. Gabrielle Batkin, seated to my left, will probably wish that I wasn’t doing this right now, but there is no doubt that she deserves to be recognized for her more than 20 years of hard work in the U.S. Senate. For as long as I have known her, Gabrielle has been an in-credibly gracious person—kind, easy with praise, making sure that her own staff and the staff across the aisle were appropriately recognized for their ef-forts. Now I think she deserves some recognition of her own. To all of the young staff members who may be watching this right now or to those who aspire to be staff mem-bers of the Senate someday, I would present Gabrielle Batkin as a shining example of what it means to be an ex-ceptional staffer and a true public serv-ant. Every now and then we hear the term ‘‘nameless, faceless bureaucrat.’’ This is not a nameless, faceless bureaucrat. This is a beautiful public servant. She works tirelessly and really believes in making government work better for the people that it serves. Gabrielle and I first started working together back in 2014, when she came to lead my team on the Senate Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee when I served as its chairman. Then, a little over a year ago, she seamlessly transitioned to her current role as staff director for the minority on the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee. This encap-sulates just a fraction of her service. For over a decade, Gabrielle served as an appropriations staff member to former Senator Barbara Mikulski. I think she was the No. 2 person on Bar-bara’s appropriations team. Gabrielle started on the Appropriations Committtee’s Subcommittees on Vet-erans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and then moved on to the Commerce, Justice, and Science Sub-committee, where she handled every-thing from NASA to the grasses on the Chesapeake Bay. Before that, she served in the office of the late Senator from New Jersey, Frank Lautenberg. She also worked on the House side for Congressman FRANK  P
ALLONE from New Jersey and also served on the Senate Budget Com-mittee. Gabrielle has worked on everything from blue crabs to the Hubble telescope to cybersecurity and Central America. Those who know her will confirm that few people can shift between issues or committees as gracefully as she does, while also delivering results every step of the way. The day-to-day functions of the Federal Government are possible because there are people like Gabrielle Batkin who toil away behind the scenes making sure the hard work gets done for the American people. She has been a tenacious and effec-tive leader on my staff, but she also has what I like to call the ‘‘heart of a servant.’’ Even as the boss, Gabrielle is in the trenches when things get tough or hectic around here, and she always takes time to make sure that those who work hard for her are doing OK. Her incredible work ethic, combined with her humility, means that she can be briefing Members of Congress on complex policies one minute and help-ing an overwhelmed junior staffer sta-ple packets the next. That is just who Gabrielle is. No matter how stressful her high- pressure career in the Senate was, Gabrielle never let it take her away from her most important job; that is, being the mother to three young men who are up in the Galleries tonight: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.068 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1929 March 22, 2018 
Henry, Will, and Charlie. She has al-ways said to me: ‘‘My most important job is being a mom,’’ and she is a darn good one. All of her family are up in the Galleries—not all of them, but some of the most important ones—her three sons and her husband Josh of 20 years and her sister Erin, who is, I un-derstand, not just a sister but a great friend, a great aunt, and just a wonder-ful support system for Gabrielle during the times she has needed it. I want to thank the three boys and Josh for sharing your mom and your wife with all of the people of our coun-try, and I want to thank Erin for being just a terrific sister and supporter. A few years back, Gabrielle brought her oldest son Henry to our staff holi-day party at the Buena Vista in New Castle, DE. At the time I was talking with Henry, I think he was 12, and I asked him to tell us one thing his mom taught him. Henry told us that his mom tells him all the time that as long as they try to do their best in every-thing he and his brother do, that is al-ways good enough for her. Think about that. As long as he and his brother do their best, that is always good enough for their mom. She just wants to make sure they do their best. She has always given us her best for all these years—20 years and counting. I am immensely grateful to Gabrielle for her service to this institution, for her service to the American people, and for her indispensable counsel to me over the past 4 years that I have been fortunate enough to work with her—I like to say ‘‘to work for her.’’ She is a great boss and a wonderful friend. I have learned a lot from her and treas-ure her and her friendship. While we are sad to see her go, I am excited for her new adventures to come, and I wish her and her family— her husband Josh, and her boys, Henry, Will, and Charlie—all the best in this next chapter of their lives. I know her boys are her biggest fans and are so proud of the work she has done here in the Senate. I promise you, she is going to keep making you guys proud. I will close with this. Every now and then throughout our lives, we meet people and sometimes are even fortu-nate enough to work with them—peo-ple who are just a joy to be with, peo-ple who make our days brighter and our workload lighter. I know I speak for so many people when I say that Gabrielle is just that kind of person. We had breakfast today in the Senate Dining Room. When we walked out, going through the Capitol Building back to our offices in the Hart Building and the Dirksen Building, we passed so many people she knew, people who knew her by name. I am the only per-son who calls her Gabrielle, which is her real name. Everybody else calls her Gabby. The janitors, custodians, people running the elevators, the pages—she is Gabby to them. Sometimes people rise to senior and leadership positions, whether they hap-pen to be elected or members of our staff, and maybe forget where they came from, or maybe they are not the same person they were when they started. She is probably smarter. She started out really smart, but she has gotten even better informed and just a more knowledgeable member of our team as time has gone by. I will go back to when I interviewed her for the position of staff director on the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee when I was chairman. We talked about growing up, going to college, and her influences as a young woman. As it turned out, she went to school in the Midwest, Bradley in Peoria. I said: Did you ever work while you were going to school? I worked a couple jobs while I was going to Ohio State. ROTC. Mid-shipman. I had some help from the Navy. As it turned out, she worked full time while she was going to school at Bradley—not that she volunteered this, but I found out later on that she worked full-time for several of those years that she was an undergraduate— I think at the Social Security Adminis-tration—and carried a full load and a straight 4.0 average. I think that is amazing. As soon as she said that, I thought, I should be working for you, sister. But she has let me work with her, and we have had a great time and a great run. I know I speak for the other members of the Environment and Public Works Committee who have an opportunity to see staff—Democrats and Repub-licans—and a chance to see her handi-work and the magic she brought to the committee. She had a good 1-plus years as a staff director when I was privi-leged to chair Homeland Security, and everybody—Tom Coburn, my colleague from Oklahoma, and a whole bunch of other people—certainly know her work and salute her. In the Navy, when people do an espe-cially great job, we have two words that we say: Bravo Zulu. I certainly say those words this evening to Gabrielle. We also have a saying when people are ready to weigh anchor and sail off into the sunrise and go on to their next challenge or next assign-ment. We always like to say: Fair winds and following seas. I say those words this evening somewhat reluc-tantly but with a great deal of affec-tion and respect. Gabrielle, we love you, we will miss you, and we will leave the light on. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we are at an interesting time. We have had months of intense negotiations, some-times lasting all night and throughout weekends. We have had very tough choices. We have had some very good- faith compromises. In other words, we have actually handled legislation the way we should. We have reached a bipartisan agree-ment to fund the government for this fiscal year and to make renewed in-vestments in the American people and to protect our national security. The fiscal year 2018 Omnibus appro-priations bill has $1.3 trillion in discre-tionary spending. That includes $700 billion for defense programs to support our men and women in uniform and $600 billion in nondefense programs that will help us invest in America and support our working families. The bill has critical resources dedi-cated to combating the opioid epi-demic, to rebuilding America’s infra-structure, to improving healthcare fa-cilities for our veterans, to improving access to affordable healthcare for all Americans, to ensuring the security of our elections, to supporting advances in scientific research, and to investing in rural communities across the coun-try. The Presiding Officer and every Sen-ator have rural parts of their States, and the investments to be made in those rural communities should be good news for every Senator. These investments would not have been possible without the 2018 bipar-tisan budget agreement that lifted the budget caps on discretionary spend-ing—lifted the caps for defense by $80 billion and for nondefense by $63 bil-lion—providing relief from the severe cuts in both defense and nondefense known as sequestration. The consequences of the 2011 Budget Control Act, which mandated seques-tration, have been devastating to our military and domestic priorities. This bill is a long-awaited step toward re-versing those cuts and allowing us to reinvest in the American people. I wish the President would actually read what is in the bill. He is calling these investments in our country’s pri-orities a waste. Can you imagine—in-vesting in the priorities of the United States of America a waste? This morning, he tweeted that they were ‘‘Dem’’—I suppose he means Democrats—‘‘giveaways.’’ I would ask, Mr. President, is it a giveaway to pro-vide medical care for the 7 million vet-erans who rely on the VA? I would ask, is it a giveaway to help the family in Rutland, VT, heat their home during a dangerously cold winter so they can af-ford their groceries? I would ask, is it a giveaway to finally take the opioid crisis seriously by making investments in research, treatment, and preven-tion? The President slammed our efforts for budget parity, but he has since shamelessly held press conferences to tout initiatives only made possible by this agreement, including the sizeable new investments to counter the opioid epidemic. Even though it was critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.069 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1930 March 22, 2018 
that we put money in for that, he is now saying, of course, it was his idea. A budget is where you set your prior-ities. The President made clear in his budget that his priorities do not rest with the needs of hard-working, mid-dle-class Americans. The bill rejects many of those areas where the Presi-dent wanted cuts in the needs of hard- working, middle-class Americans. In-stead, the bill sets a vision for the fu-ture of our country. We invest not only in the wealthiest among us but in mid-dle-class families and those who are struggling to make their way and make their community better. We dedicate $18.25 billion to begin re-building our infrastructure. The Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers gives our country’s infrastructure a D-plus. A lot of countries have much higher. This was the collective grade for the roads, bridges, dams, drinking water, wastewater, public parks, and schools on which we all depend. That is not ac-ceptable, not in this country, and this bill is an important, long-overdue step toward bringing our infrastructure into the 21st century. The bill takes the opioid crisis seri-ously by investing $3.3 billion into law enforcement, healthcare, and commu-nity efforts that we know help to rid our country of this scourge. The time for sloganeering and sound bites is over. I have always preferred substance over slogans, and the time for real, ef-fective, and meaningful investment in ending this epidemic has arrived. Marcelle and I have met with too many Vermonters as we go around our State who are impacted by opioid abuse, too many neighbors and friends who are struggling to get the help they need or to help those in need. I am glad that when I return to Vermont, I can say that we heard them, and we delivered. This bill strongly rejects the partisan package passed by House Republicans in September, which would have reck-lessly slashed funding for domestic pri-orities by $68 billion below the bipar-tisan agreement introduced Wednes-day. Most importantly, this bill rejects devastating cuts proposed by the Trump administration. These included the President’s proposed cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency, which helps ensure we have clean air and drinking water. The bill rejects his cuts to job training, education, and childcare programs that so many of our Nation’s working families rely on. It rejects the President’s misguided pro-posal to slash the budget for the De-partment of State. This bill also re-jects the President’s misguided immi-gration priorities by refusing his re-quest to hire an additional 850 ICE agents and increase the number of ICE detention beds. It also rejects his re-quest to build a ‘‘big, beautiful wall’’ on the southern border—something that reflects last century’s technology. Instead of his original $1.6 billion re-quest for 74 miles of wall, which was later increased to a request for $18 bil-lion to build a wall on the entire south-ern border, the bill funds only a frac-tion of that, and it includes important restrictions on how the funds can be used. The bill provides $641 million for 33 miles of fencing in the Rio Grande Val-ley, $251 million to replace secondary fencing, which is already in San Diego, and $445 million for replacement of ex-isting pedestrian fencing. It speaks to real need, not to funding a campaign slogan. Incidentally, in the request, somehow the campaign promise that this would be paid for by Mexico, and not by American taxpayers, seems to have been forgotten. Importantly, the bill includes lan-guage requiring the Department of Homeland Security to use proven fence designs that currently exist on the bor-der instead of allowing the President to build a 30-foot concrete wall, which would endanger our men and women who patrol the border. I would still like the President to tell us when and how he wants Mexico to cover these costs because, time and again, he promised the American peo-ple Mexico would a pay for it. Time and again, he gave us his word. We now know that was never a promise he could keep. One critical thing missing from this bill, though, is a remedy for the crisis the President has created, and that cri-sis relates to DACA recipients. I have watched with fury as the President has, day after day, tweeted the Demo-crats are responsible for not addressing DACA. Late last night, he tweeted: 
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. 
Balderdash. For nearly two decades, I have been a proud supporter of the DREAM Act. I included it in the 2013 comprehensive immigration bill. I care. Democrats care. We voted for that bill on the floor of the Senate. Re-publican leadership in the House re-fused to take it up. Yet, after prom-ising before Members of Congress in both parties and the American people, making a big splash on TV, the Presi-dent said he would sign an agreement to address DACA, but then he walked away from a bipartisan DACA and bor-der security compromise in February. There is no fix for DACA because the President and the Republican leader-ship are not serious about getting one. I wish they would. This Senator is will-ing to sit down with any Senator—Re-publican or Democratic—if we can get such an agreement. This bill does strike more than 130 poison pill riders. These riders would have restricted women’s access to healthcare. They would have rolled back environmental protections. They would have put significant restrictions on consumer financial protections. Had these riders stayed in, we would not have reached a successful conclusion to this negotiation, notwithstanding the all-night sessions of negotiating, not-withstanding the weekends. I do not agree with everything in this bill. When you have a package of this magnitude, there is always going to be matters included that we like and things on which we disagree. That is the nature of compromise, but the Sen-ate was designed by the Founders of this country to require compromise. This bill represents tangible progress that is going to benefit all Americans, and I am proud of the compromise Re-publicans and Democrats reached to-gether. I thank my own staff. They have worked days and nights and weekends. I am able to leave at night. They are still working well past midnight. I was able to go to Vermont last weekend. I worked with them by phone, but they stayed here working throughout the weekend—all hours, for several weeks, and nonstop in the homestretch of fin-ishing this comprehensive bill: My staff director, Chuck Kieffer, whose experience and depth of knowl-edge has become essential to me in my role as vice chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee. It was especially helpful, too, that Mr. Kieffer’s exper-tise was available to any Senator who asked—Republican or Democratic; Chanda Betourney, a native Vermonter, deputy staff director and general counsel, who has taken with her to these negotiations her Vermont values and her long Senate experience; Jessica Berry, another native Vermonter, who has fought for many of my priorities, and those of other Mem-bers in this body, in this spending bill; Jay Tilton, my committee press sec-retary, who has gotten the word out far and wide about the importance of this bill so everybody, even though we work all night long many times—people would know exactly what we have been doing; Jean Kwon, who has provided hours of support to the entire Appropriations Committee staff. I also thank the Democratic sub-committee clerks for their support and their tireless efforts in crafting this bill: Tim Rieser, Jessica Schulken, Jean Toal Eisen, Erik Raven, Doug Clapp, Ellen Murray, Scott Nance, Rachel Taylor, Alex Keenan, Melissa Zimmer-man, Chad Schulken, and Dabney Hegg. I also thank my dear friend, one of the most senior Republicans in this body, the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee, T
HADCOCHRAN . It has been an honor and pleasure to serve with him. Senator C
OCHRAN and I have served together since 1978. We have worked together on appropriations matters, agriculture matters, every matter before this body. We have trav-eled the world together to help carry out America’s interests. It has been a particular honor to work with him on this appropriations bill. It is his last in the U.S. Senate. As vice chairman, I salute the chairman. He is going to be sorely missed. I spoke about him ear-lier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.071 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1931 March 22, 2018 
I thank Chairman C OCHRAN ’s staff for all their hard work on this bill. Par-ticularly, I want to thank Bruce Evans and Fitzhugh Elder. They both have had long careers in the U.S. Senate. They share Chairman C
OCHRAN ’s dedi-cation to this institution and his dedi-cation to his own State of Mississippi, and they have been a pleasure for me and my staff to work with. I say this to the Appropriations Com-mittee staff—both the Democrats and the Republicans, some who are in the Chamber today—I thank you for the long nights and weekends you worked to get this bill across the finish line. We could not have done it without your hard work. I hope you will soon be able to spend time with your families and friends. I am sure they remember what you looked like since you left to con-tinue this work. Certainly, we Senators know what you look like because we have seen you practically around the clock. The work has been worth it. Be-cause of the tremendous work the staff on both sides of the aisle and the lead-ership staff have done, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this bill. When we can, I hope this body will give a resounding aye and send the bill to the President. I don’t see any Senator seeking rec-ognition, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME —S. 2629 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2629) to improve postal oper-ations, service, and transparency. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will receive its second read-ing on the next legislative day. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 762, 763, and 764. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nominations of Thomas T. Cullen, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Virginia for the term of four years; Robert K. Hur, of Maryland, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maryland for the term of four years; and David C. Joseph, of Louisiana, to be United States Attor-ney for the Western District of Lou-isiana for the term of four years? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 330 and 331. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nominations of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the Euro-pean Bank for Reconstruction and De-velopment, United States Governor of the African Development Fund, and United States Governor of the Asian Development Bank; and Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the International Monetary Fund, United States Gov-ernor of the African Development Bank, United States Governor of the Inter-American Development Bank, and United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of five years? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 721. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management). Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the White nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 722. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Brent K. Park, of Tennessee, to be Dep-uty Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Se-curity Administration. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Park nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 723 and 725. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.073 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1932 March 22, 2018 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nominations of James Edwin Williams, of Utah, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Labor; and Mark Schneider, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Director of the Institute of Education Science, Depart-ment of Education for a term of six years? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 616, 752, 753, 754, 755, 756, 759, 760, and 761. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nominations of Carlos Trujillo, of Florida, to be Per-manent Representative of the United States of America to the Organization of American States, with the rank of Ambassador; Robert Frank Pence, of Virginia, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Finland; Edward Charles Prado, of Texas, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Argen-tine Republic; Trevor D. Traina, of California, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Austria; Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Execu-tive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years; Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development; Kevin Edward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Inter-national Organization Affairs); Jose-phine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Direc-tor of the Peace Corps; and Marie Royce, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Educational and Cultural Affairs)? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. f 
NOMINATION DISCHARGED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged and the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: PN1369. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Tim Thomas, of Kentucky, to be Fed-eral Cochairman of the Appalachian Regional Commission. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Thomas nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Executive Calendar Nos. 742 through 751 and all nominations on the Secretary’s Desk; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Timothy J. Hilty IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Matthew J. Kohler 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Vincent K. Becklund Brig. Gen. Charles S. Corcoran Brig. Gen. Barry R. Cornish Brig. Gen. Christopher E. Craige Brig. Gen. Andrew A. Croft Brig. Gen. Allan E. Day Brig. Gen. Eric T. Fick Brig. Gen. Chad P. Franks Brig. Gen. John R. Gordy, II Brig. Gen. Gregory M. Guillot Brig. Gen. Stacey T. Hawkins Brig. Gen. Cameron G. Holt Brig. Gen. Kevin A. Huyck Brig. Gen. David J. Julazadeh Brig. Gen. Kevin B. Kennedy Brig. Gen. Kyle J. Kremer Brig. Gen. Peter J. Lambert Brig. Gen. William J. Liguori, Jr. Brig. Gen. Randall Reed Brig. Gen. Lenny J. Richoux Brig. Gen. Carl E. Schaefer Brig. Gen. John E. Shaw Brig. Gen. Brad M. Sullivan Brig. Gen. Stephen C. Williams 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. James W. Bierman, Jr. Brig. Gen. David J. Furness Brig. Gen. John M. Jansen Brig. Gen. Michael E. Langley Brig. Gen. David A. Ottignon Brig. Gen. Thomas D. Weidley 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Timothy M. Ray The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. David D. Thompson 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be admiral Vice Adm. Christopher W. Grady The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Timothy J. White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.075 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1933 March 22, 2018 
The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. David A. Welch The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Scott A. Stearney N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1684 AIR FORCE nomination of Arthur W. Primas, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1685 AIR FORCE nomination of Gregory J. Payne, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1686 AIR FORCE nomination of Michael J. Patterson, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1687 AIR FORCE nomination of Brad R. Matherne, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1688 AIR FORCE nomination of Jona-than A. Morris, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1563 ARMY nominations (533) beginning RACHEL L. ADAIR, and ending D014124, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1564 ARMY nominations (35) beginning ROSE ABIDO, and ending JOSEPH P. WZOREK, II, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1575 ARMY nominations (2) beginning JOHN P. KILBRIDE, and ending JOHN J. NEAL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1581 ARMY nominations (530) beginning GREGORY J. ABIDE, and ending G010452, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1582 ARMY nominations (993) beginning STEVEN ABADIA, and ending G010479, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Feb-ruary 5, 2018. PN1629 ARMY nomination of Steven M. Hemmann, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 13, 2018. PN1691 ARMY nominations (35) beginning HAYLEY R. ASHBAUGH, and ending JOR-DAN N. YOLLES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1692 ARMY nominations (62) beginning JEFFREY A. ANDERSON, and ending D012878, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1693 ARMY nominations (169) beginning AHMAD B. ALEXANDER, and ending STE-VEN D. ZUMBRUN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1694 ARMY nominations (137) beginning ASHLEY K. AITON, and ending TRACY L. ZINN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1695 ARMY nomination of Wilson R. Ramos, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1696 ARMY nomination of Curtis D. Bowe, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1697 ARMY nomination of Carl E. Fos-ter, III, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1698 ARMY nomination of Michael A. Fowles, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1699 ARMY nomination of Andrew K. Sinden, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1700 ARMY nominations (2) beginning D013264, and ending D013298, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1701 ARMY nomination of Christopher F. Ruder, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1736 ARMY nominations (2) beginning JOHN J. MORRIS, and ending MIN S. RO, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. PN1737 ARMY nominations (2) beginning CHRISTOPHER M. BELL, and ending ADRIANA B. DEJULIO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. PN1738 ARMY nomination of Mikal L. Stoner, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1432 MARINE CORPS nominations (7) beginning ERIC G. BURNS, and ending DAVID P. SHEEHAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1491 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) beginning THESOLINA D. HUBERT, and ending TIMOTHY W. WILLIAMS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 18, 2018. PN1592 MARINE CORPS nominations (337) beginning BENJAMIN S. ADAMS, and end-ing CARL L. ZEPPEGNO, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Feb-ruary 5, 2018. PN1611 MARINE CORPS nomination of Aaron J. King, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 8, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1740 NAVY nomination of Jeffrey G. Bentson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNIZING IRISH IMMIGRANTS AND IRISH-AMERICANS IN ILLI-NOIS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this past Saturday was St. Patrick’s Day. The city of Chicago celebrated, as it has every St. Patrick’s Day since 1962, by dyeing the Chicago River a deep emer-ald green. In the Windy City and in cities and towns throughout Illinois, across America, and around much of the world, people wore green and attended St. Patrick’s Day parades and parties. No nation—including Ireland her-self—celebrates St. Patrick’s Day with as much enthusiasm as Americans do. Whether your ancestors came to this country from Dublin or the Dominican Republic, from Galway or Greece, on March 17, as the saying goes, everyone is Irish. But America didn’t always love the Irish. From the middle of the 19th cen-tury and well into the 20th century, it was not uncommon for employment ads in America to carry the warning: ‘‘No Irish Need Apply.’’ In 1857, Harpers Weekly asserted that ‘‘nearly 75 per-cent of our criminals and paupers are Irish . . . [and] 75 percent of the crimes of violence committed among us are the work of Irishmen.’’ Irish immigrants had been an inte-gral part of America since our earliest days as a nation. Nine of the 56 men who signed the Declaration of Inde-pendence were Irish Americans. They included four men who were born in Ireland. And Irish Americans fought and died in the Revolutionary War to secure America’s freedom from Eng-land. The Irish who came to America be-ginning in the mid–1840s, however, were different than the earlier arrivals from Erin’s shores. These were ‘‘the Famine Irish.’’ They fled Ireland to escape one of the greatest catastrophes ever to be-fall that nation. We know it today as ‘‘the potato famine.’’ In Ireland, it was called ‘‘the Great Hunger’’ or, in Gaelic, the old Irish tongue, ‘‘An Gorta Mor.’’ In 1845, a fungus, carried to Ireland from America, destroyed all of Ire-land’s potato crops. All across Ireland, potato fields turned black and rotted from the blight. Ireland was not an independent na-tion then, as it is now. It had been oc-cupied and ruled for hundreds of years by England, and most of the land was owned by absentee English landlords. The native Irish were mostly tenant farmers, what Americans would call ‘‘sharecroppers,’’ allowed to farm only tiny plots of land. The calorie-rich po-tato became the subsistence crop for the Irish, the one crop they could grow on their small parcels of land that could feed a family. When the potato crops failed, Eng-land refused to intervene. Some in Eng-land warned that providing emergency food relief to the starving Irish would disrupt with the workings of a free market. Others declared that famine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.038 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1934 March 22, 2018 
and death were God’s way of punishing the Irish. Starving Irish who could no longer pay their rent were driven off their land and into workhouses. Others died on the sides of roads, their mouths stained green from eating grass. Soon, typhus and cholera were claiming as many lives as starvation. When the Great Hunger began, 3 mil-lion people lived in Ireland. Three years later, 1 million people had died, and another 1 million had fled Ireland, most of them to America. In the period between 1845 and 1860, approximately 20,000 Irish a month were flooding into America. They called America ‘‘An t-Oilean Ur’’—‘‘The Fresh Land,’’ but many of the old prejudices followed them. The Famine Irish, the first large group of non-Protestants immigrants to Amer-ica, were derided as superstitious Pa-pists incapable of adapting to Amer-ica’s Anglo-Saxon culture. Irish Americans were denounced as ‘‘simian’’ or apelike. An editorial published in the Chicago Tribune in 1855 captured the antipathy with which many native-born Ameri-cans regarded Irish immigrants. It asked, ‘‘Who does not know that the most depraved, debased, worthless and irredeemable drunkards and sots which curse the community are Irish Catho-lics?’’ In the 1850s, a new political party emerged. The Native American Party, better known as the ‘‘Know Nothings,’’ was virulently anti-Catholic and anti- immigrant. Many politicians were cowed by the anger of the Know Nothings, but Abra-ham Lincoln was not. Lincoln em-ployed Irish staff at his home in Springfield and, later, in the White House. He donated to Irish famine re-lief. In a letter he wrote to a friend in 1855, he came out foursquare against Know Nothingness. ‘‘How can anyone who abhors the oppression of Negroes, be in favor or degrading classes of white people?’’ he asked. ‘‘Our progress in degeneracy appears to me to be pret-ty rapid,’’ As a nation, we began by de-claring that ‘all men are created equal.’ We now practically read it ‘all men are created equal, except Negroes.’ When the Know-Nothings get control, it will read ‘all men are created equal, except Negroes, and foreigners, and Catholics.’ When it comes to this,’’ Lincoln continued, ‘‘I should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no presence of loving lib-erty—to Russia, for instance, where despotism can be taken pure, and with-out the base alloy of hypocrisy.’’ A decade later, Lincoln’s brave re-fusal to embrace the bigotry of the Know Nothings helped save the Union. Although Irish Americans were mostly Democrats, they heeded the call of America’s first Republican President to save the Union when slavery threat-ened to destroy it. During the Civil War, more than 150,000 of the reviled Irish rallied to the side of Lincoln and the Union. They in-cluded some of Lincoln’s best generals. Among them was Brigadier General Thomas Francis Meagher. A brilliant orator and the son of a wealthy Catho-lic family in Ireland, Meagher was a leader in a failed 1848 revolution in Ire-land called the Young Ireland Rebel-lion. He was convicted of treason and sentenced to a life in exile in an Aus-tralian penal colony. Within 3 years, he had escaped to New York and became a prominent attorney. Thomas Meagher’s remarkable, im-probable life is told in an excellent new biography, ‘‘The Immortal Irishman,’’ by National Book Award winner Tim-othy Egan. I recommend it highly. When the Civil War broke out, Tom Meagher wrote to President Lincoln seeking permission to form an ethnic Irish brigade. He recruited a full com-pany of infantrymen to be attached to the U.S. 69th Infantry Regiment New York State Volunteers. ‘‘The Fighting 69th’’ fought in some of the war’s bloodies conflicts, includ-ing the first battle of Bull Run and the battles of Antietam and Chancellorsville. After seeing Meagher’s men at the Battle of Fred-ericksburg, General Robert E. Lee de-clared, ‘‘Never were men so brave.’’ The Fighting 69th was not the only Irish brigade fighting for the Union. This year, Illinois is celebrating its 200th anniversary as a State. Among the countless chapters in our State’s history in which we take pride is the story of the 23rd Regiment of the Illi-nois Infantry, Illinois’ own ‘‘Irish Bri-gade.’’ The brigade’s commander, James Mulligan, was born in New York and moved to Chicago as a boy. He became the first graduate of Chicago’s first university, St. Mary’s of the Lake. Later, he became a lawyer and a friend and confidant of Stephen Douglas. When the Civil War broke out, Mul-ligan placed an ad in the Chicago Trib-une on April 20, 1861, calling for a rally that evening. Thirty-two men enlisted at the rally; 3 days later, 1,000 men had joined the regiment. Mulligan’s Irish brigade spent most of the war in Virginia. They partici-pated in Siege of Petersburg, and they were present for Lee’s surrender at Ap-pomattox. James Mulligan did not live to see the Union victory. He was wounded on September 19, 1864, at the third battle on Winchester. As his Irish soldiers rushed to his side, Mulligan saw that the colors of the 23rd Illinois were about to be captured, and he gave his men an order, ‘‘Lay me down, and save the flag.’’ The colors were saved; Mulligan was captured and died of his wounds in Con-federate captivity. Private Albert Cashier was an Irish immigrant who fought for 3 years with the 95th Illinois Infantry, Company G. At just 5’ 3’’, he was the smallest man in his company and, many said, the bravest. He returned to Belvidere, IL, after the war, and in 1869, he moved to Saunemin, IL, where he made his living as a farmhand and church janitor. In 1911, after he was hit by a car and was no longer able to work, Albert Cashier moved to the soldiers and sail-ors home in Quincy, Illinois. His mental state deteriorated, and he was moved to Watertown State Hos-pital for the Insane. It was there that hospital staff discovered his secret and told it to newspapers: Albert Cashier was born Jennie Hodgers. The reactions were disastrous for Private Cashier. The government charged him with defrauding the gov-ernment in order to receive a pension. The case was dropped after Private Cashier’s comrades from the 95th Illi-nois rallied to his defense. The hospital staff forced Private Cashier to wear women’s clothing. At 67 and frail, he tripped on his skirt, broke his hip, and spent the rest of his life despondent and bedridden. He died on October 10, 1915, and was buried in the Army uniform he had kept intact all those years. His tomb-stone was inscribed ‘‘Albert D. J. Cash-ier, Co. G, 95 Ill. Inf.’’ Albert Cashier is one of the best known of the 400 women who fought in the Civil War. Whether Private Cashier was transgender or simply a woman unwill-ing to accept the severe limits imposed on women in the 19th century will like-ly never be known. This much is clear, however: The brave service of Irish Americans in the Civil War helped to diminish the hos-tility that greeted the Famine Irish. Within two or three generations, Amer-icans would elect two Irish-American Presidents: John Fitzgerald Kennedy, still the only Catholic President, and Ronald Reagan. Some of the voices we hear in today’s immigration debate would sound right at home among the Know Nothings of Lincoln’s time. Sadly, one of the loud-est of those harsh voices belongs to the current President of the United States. President Trump opened his cam-paign by vilifying Mexican immi-grants. He tried to ban visitors from seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the United States. He has cruelly placed Dreamers in legal jeopardy. He has recommended cutting legal immigration—legal immigra-tion—to America by one-half, to its lowest levels since the 1920s. President Trump’s anti-immigrant, antirefugee proposals are an affront to America’s history as a nation of immi-grants, and they would deal a harsh blow to our economic future. If you doubt it, just ask yourself: Where would America’s economy be today without the contributions of immi-grants Sergey Brin and Elon Musk, or Steve Jobs, the son of a Syrian immi-grant? I believe that future generations of Americans will look back on today’s anti-immigrant agitators with sadness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.077 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1935 March 22, 2018 
and bewilderment. They will applaud those Americans who worked to pre-serve America’s values as a nation of immigrants. I am proud to say that one of those champions is an Irish immigrant from Chicago. His name is Billy Lawless. He moved to America with his family nearly 20 years ago. Billy, his wife, Anne, and their four grown children are all American citi-zens now. Together, they own some of the best, most popular restaurants and pubs in Chicago. Billy Lawless is also a tireless and el-oquent advocate for immigration re-form. It is not just Irish immigrants that he cares about; it is all immi-grants and refugees. He is chairman of a group called Chicago Celts for Immi-gration Reform and a founding member of the Illinois Business Immigration Coalition. Two years ago, he gained another, ex-traordinary platform from which to ad-vocate for just immigration policies. Lawless, who holds duel U.S.-Irish citi-zenship, was appointed to serve in the Irish Senate, representing the Irish Di-aspora overseas. ‘‘The America that I believe in,’’ he says, ‘‘is a humane nation. It is the land of the free, the land of oppor-tunity, and the land of immigrants.’’ Let us remember that this month, as we celebrate the contributions of Irish immigrants to America. 
f 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it has been nearly 4 years since the collapse of Corinthian Colleges and almost 2 years since the collapse of ITT Tech, two of the largest college collapses in U.S. history. These infamous companies left tens of thousands of students in the lurch, interrupting their education and leav-ing them with worthless credits and tons of debt. Rather than being anomalies, these companies embodied the for-profit col-lege industry, an industry that enrolls only 9 percent of all postsecondary stu-dents but accounts for 33 percent of all Federal student loan defaults. The same predatory practices that took down Corinthian and ITT Tech are commonplace throughout the for-profit college industry, even today. So this notion that some would have you believe—that, with Corinthian and ITT Tech gone, this industry is magi-cally cleaned up and purged of bad ac-tors—is nothing more than an attempt by the industry to justify rolling back important consumer protections like the Gainful Employment and Borrower Defense rules. Case in point: Ashford University is owned by Bridgepoint Education. This is a company that, from its very incep-tion, has shown a determination to work the system in order to profit. It all began in 2005, when a group of investors bought a tiny Catholic col-lege in Iowa, which at the time had an enrollment of 312 students, but what came along with that small campus was the gold for Ashford: regional ac-creditation. That accreditation opened the company’s coffers to millions in Federal student aid funds. Since that time, Ashford has closed the Iowa campus and become an online giant, enrolling more than 40,000 stu-dents across the country and taking in almost $390 million in Federal title IV funds. Boy, have Ashford executives and owners gotten rich. From 2014 to 2016, Bridgepoint’s CEO, Andrew Clark, made more than $10 million in total compensation. Meanwhile, its students have been left buried in debt with worthless di-plomas that employers often don’t rec-ognize. According to a recent Brook-ings study, as of 2014, Ashford student cumulatively owed almost $6 billion in Federal student loan debt, making it one of eight for-profit schools in the top 10 schools whose students owe the most cumulative debt. Of the Ashford students who left in 2009, nearly half had defaulted on their debt 5 years later. Just like Corinthian and ITT Tech, Ashford has been the subject of numer-ous Federal and State investigations and lawsuits. Ashford is currently being inves-tigated by State attorneys general in Iowa, Massachusetts, New York, and North Carolina, as well as the U.S. Se-curities and Exchange Commission and U.S. Department of Justice. The Cali-fornia Attorney General is currently suing Ashford for ‘‘defrauding and de-ceiving students.’’ In addition, in 2014, Ashford was forced to pay $7.25 million in a settle-ment with the Iowa Attorney General for consumer fraud. Once again, Ashford used false and misleading statements, as well as unfair and high- pressure sales tactics to lure students into enrolling and taking on debt. Just last year, Ashford agreed to pay $30 million to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for deceptive acts and practices, including misleading students about their student loan pay-ments. Also like Corinthian and ITT Tech, Ashford uses mandatory predispute ar-bitration clauses to hide its mis-conduct and prevent students from holding them accountable in court. These clauses, often buried in stacks of enrollment documents that students must sign in order to take classes, force students to give up their right to sue the school of misconduct either as individuals or part of a class. The prac-tice is almost unheard of at public and legitimate not-for-profit institutions, but is a hallmark of the for-profit col-lege industry. Not only does the practice steer dis-putes into arbitration proceeding where the deck is often stacked against the student, nondisclosure agreements often prevent the alleged misconduct or the outcome of the arbitration pro-ceeding from becoming public. This hides misconduct from regulators and accreditors, often allowing for-profit colleges like Ashford to continue ille-gal practices for years without detec-tion. In addition to receiving millions of dollars in Department of Education title IV funds, Ashford also heavily re-cruits veterans and servicemembers who qualify for Department of Vet-erans Affairs G.I. bill funds. You see, for-profit colleges see vet-erans and servicemembers as gold. Federal law prohibits for-profit col-leges from receiving more than 90 per-cent of their revenue from Federal sources, but rather than counting all taxpayer-funded education assistance programs, including VA G.I. bill and Department of Defense tuition assist-ance, current law only counts title IV funds as Federal revenue. This means that by aggressively tar-geting and recruiting veterans and servicemembers, for-profit colleges like Ashford can receive an unlimited amount of their revenue straight from the Federal Treasury. Marine veteran James Long found himself on the receiving end of that ag-gressive recruiting. A few years ago, Bloomberg told his story: His Humvee was struck by artillery shells in Iraq. He suffered a severe brain injury. While recovering at Camp Lejeune, he was visited by an Ashford recruiter who signed him up for classes. But despite knowing he was enrolled, his brain injury was so severe that he couldn’t remember what courses he was enrolled in. 
The California Attorney General’s complaint against Ashford includes the stories of two other veterans. First, an Army Reserve veteran re-ferred to as P.M. was encouraged by Ashford representatives to attend courses at a local community college while taking classes at Ashford. P.M. was told that, by attending a ground-based campus rather than just Ashford’s online classes, he would qual-ify for a higher monthly housing allow-ance under the G.I. bill, and he could transfer his community college credits toward his Ashford program. He was later ‘‘alarmed’’ to find that Ashford limited the number of credits he could transfer and refused to recognize some of the courses he had previously com-pleted. As a result, P.M. had to take addi-tional courses at Ashford, receiving the lower housing allowance rate, to make up for the lost credits. He then ‘‘fell be-hind on his rent, had to take on an-other job to keep up with his bills, and his credit score suffered.’’ In addition, he wasted part of his limited G.I. bill education benefits on courses that he could not put toward a degree. Another veteran, ‘‘P.J.,’’ was told that Ashford would accept most of the 140 credits he had earned at other insti-tutions and could expect to graduate within 18 months. He was also assured that he would be able to transfer his Ashford credits to a community col-lege. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.077 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1936 March 22, 2018 
After he had already enrolled and began taking classes at Ashford, P.J. discovered that Ashford had accepted none of his credits from other schools despite their promises. When he later tried to transfer his Ashford credits to two other schools, he found that nei-ther would accept them. This is how Ashford treats veterans. In recent years, Ashford has taken in as much as $38 million in G.I. bill funds and is currently engaged in a fight to maintain eligibility to receive these funds in the future. Here is what it boils down to: Ashford is not approved for G.I. bill benefits by the California State Approving Agency, a requirement for it to be eligible for G.I. bill funds nationwide. The com-pany has spent months on dubious legal action and other schemes to skirt Federal G.I. bill eligibility require-ments. The matter is now in court. With its G.I. bill eligibility in doubt, Ashford announced in November it would voluntarily suspend new enroll-ments of veterans using G.I. bill funds. This would prevent new veterans from being put at risk and additional tax-payer dollars being wasted should the company lose eligibility. As reported by The Chronicle of Higher Education, the company re-sumed new G.I. bill enrollments in Feb-ruary and acknowledged on a call with investors that the suspension had ‘‘negatively impacted fourth-quarter performance.’’ That is right; the com-pany made the blatant decision that profits are more important than vet-erans. Last week, Senator H
ASSAN and I sent a letter to Bridgepoint’s CEO, An-drew Clark, expressing our outrage and calling on him to immediately halt new enrollments until their G.I. bill eligibility is resolved with the VA. If the company fails to do so, it will lay bare the true disregard they have for the students, especially veterans, they claim to serve. Also last week, Bridgepoint an-nounced that it is up to even more she-nanigans. It will attempt to separate from Ashford and another school it owns to become an Online Program Management company while Ashford seeks to become a not-for-profit col-lege. If approved, this complicated ma-neuver would mean that Ashford would no longer have to abide by the Federal 90-10 rule or other accountability meas-ures focused on for-profit colleges. At the same time, other for-profit conversions have been structured in a way that their owners are still able to personally profit from the new not-for- profit entity. It is the best of both worlds for owners and investors; the school is able to shed Federal account-ability requirements while still prof-iting off of students and taxpayers. I call on the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, the Department of Education, and Ashford’s accreditor—the WASC Senior College and University Commission—to carefully scrutinize this proposal in light of other dubious for-profit conver-sions and Bridgepoint’s own long record of misconduct. Despite the closure of Corinthian and ITT Tech, companies like Ashford con-tinue to exploit students and veterans while raking in billions in Federal tax-payer dollars, using every possible scheme they can think of to do it. Until Secretary DeVos stops siding with her friends in the for-profit col-lege industry or Congress acts, stu-dents will continue to be harmed and taxpayer dollars will continue to line the pockets of cheats and crooks. f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–60, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to Saudi Ara-bia for defense articles and services esti-mated to cost $300 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this pro-posed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (for Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–60 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $300 million. Total $300 million. (iii) Description and Ouantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: A new Foreign Military Sales Order (FMSO) II to provide funds for blanket order requisitions under a Cooperative Lo-gistics Supply Support Agreement (CLSSA) for common spares/repair parts to support Saudi Arabia’s fleet of M1A2 Abrams tanks, M2 Bradley Fighting Vehicles, High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs), Light Armored Vehicles (LANs), M198 Towed Howitzers, additional support, and other re-lated elements of logistics and program sup-port. (iv) Military Department: Army (XX–B– KYN). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: SR–B–KYM, SR–B–KYL, SR–B–KSB, SR–B–KRK, SR–B– KRI, SR–B–KRE, SR–B–KRB, SR–B–KRA, SR–B–KLF, SR–B–KEZ, SR–B–UBW. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 22, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Saudi Arabia—Royal Saudi Land Forces Ord-nance Corps Foreign Military Sales Order (FMSO) II Case The Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has requested a possible purchase of a new Foreign Military Sales Order (FMSO) II to provide funds for blanket order req-uisitions under a Cooperative Logistics Sup-ply Support Agreement (CLSSA) for common spares/repair parts to support Saudi Arabia’s fleet of M1A2 Abrams tanks, M2 Bradley Fighting Vehicles, High Mobility Multipur-pose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs), Light Ar-mored Vehicles (LAVs), M198 Towed Howit-zers, additional support, and other related elements of logistics and program support. The total estimated program cost is $300 mil-lion. This proposed sale will contribute to U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives by helping to improve the security of a friendly country which has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic growth in the Middle East. This potential sale is consistent with U.S. initiatives to provide key allies in the region with modern systems that will en-hance interoperability with U.S. forces and increase stability. The primary objective of this proposed sale is to allow the Royal Saudi Land Forces Ord-nance Corps to continue to purchase needed spare/repair parts to maintain Saudi Ara-bia’s fleet of M1A2 Abrams Tanks, M2 Brad-ley Fighting Vehicles, High Mobility Multi-purpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs), Light Armored Vehicles (LAVs), M198 Towed How-itzers, additional support vehicles and other related logistics support as part of the Coop-erative Logistics Supply Support Arrange-ment (CLSSA) program. Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment and support into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There are no principal contractors in-volved with this potential sale. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the permanent assignment of any U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Saudi Arabia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.075 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1937 March 22, 2018 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–52, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the King-dom of Saudi Arabia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $106.8 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (for Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–52 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $106.8 million. Total $106.8 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Continuation of Maintenance Support Services (MSS) contract that sup-ports the Royal Saudi Land Forces Aviation Command’s (RSLFAC) fleet of AH–64D/E, UH–60L, Schweizer 333 and Bell 406CS heli-copters. The MSS contract services includes the management and installation of engi-neering change proposals and modification work orders; Repair and Return (R&R) man-agement services and component repairs; aircraft simulator logistics, maintenance and technical support; training; and mainte-nance management support for the RSLFAC Headquarters staff; and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (SR–B– ZAU). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: SR–13–UAF; SR–B–UGZ; SR–B–WAL. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 22, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia—Continuation of Maintenance Support Services (MSS) The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has re-quested the continuation of the Maintenance Support Services (MSS) contract that sup-ports the Royal Saudi Land Forces Aviation Command’s (RSLFAC) fleet of AH–64D/E, UH–60L, Schweizer 333 and Bell 406CS heli-copters. The MSS contract services includes management and installation of engineering change proposals and modification work or-ders; Repair and Return (R&R) management services and component repairs; aircraft sim-ulator logistics, maintenance and technical support; training; and maintenance manage-ment support for the RSLFAC Headquarters staff; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The estimated total case value is $106.8 million. This proposed sale will support U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives by helping to improve the security of a friendly country which has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic growth in the Middle East. This potential sale is a continuation of current support. Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment and sup-port into its armed forces. The continuation of MSS services will aid in the maintenance support of Saudi Ara-bia’s rotary wing aircraft fleet, engines, avi-onics, weapons, and missile components. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be DynCorps International, Mclean, VA. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of one (1) U.S. Gov-ernment and up to three hundred twenty (320) contractor representatives to travel to Saudi Arabia for a period of two (2) years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–62, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to Saudi Ara-bia for defense articles and services esti-mated to cost $670 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this pro-posed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (for Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–62 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $647 million. Other $23 million. Total $670 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to six thousand six hundred (6,600) TOW 2B Missiles (BGM–71F–Series) Ninety-six (96) TOW 2B (BGM–71F–Series) Fly-to-Buy Lot Validation Missiles Non-MDE: Also included is government furnished equipment; technical manuals and publica-tions; essential spares and repair parts; consumables; live fire exercise and ammuni-tion; tools and test equipment; training; transportation; U.S. Government technical support and logistic support; contractor technical support; repair and return support; quality assurance teams; in-country Field Service Representative (FSR); other associ-ated equipment and services in support of TOW 2B missiles; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (SR–B– VBQ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 22, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Saudi Arabia—TOW 2B (BGM–71F–Series) Missiles The Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has requested to buy up to six thou-sand six hundred (6,600) TOW 2B missiles (BGM–71F-Series) and ninety-six (96) TOW 2B (BGM–71F–Series) fly-to-buy lot validation missiles. Also included is government fur-nished equipment; technical manuals and publications; essential spares and repair parts; consumables; live fire exercise and ammunition; tools and test equipment; training; transportation; U.S. Government technical support and logistic support; con-tractor technical support; repair and return support; quality assurance teams; in-country Field Service Representative (FSR); other associated equipment and services in support of TOW 2B missiles; and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. The total estimated program cost is $670 million. This proposed sale will support U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives by improving the security of a friendly coun-try which has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic growth in the Middle East. This potential sale is consistent with U.S. initia-tives to provide key partners in the region with modern systems that will enhance interoperability with U.S. forces and in-crease stability. The proposed sale of TOW 2B missiles and technical support will advance the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s efforts to develop an inte-grated ground defense capability. A strong national defense and dedicated military force will assist Saudi Arabia to sustain itself in its efforts to maintain stability. Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor is Raytheon Mis-sile Systems, Tucson, AZ. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the permanent assignment of any U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Saudi Arabia. There will be no more than two contractor personnel in the King-dom of Saudi Arabia at any one time and all efforts will take less than two weeks in total. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–62 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The TOW 2B RF Missile is a fly-over- shoot-down missile designed to defeat ar-mored vehicles. These missiles are fired from a variety of TOW launchers in the U.S. Army, USMC and FMS customer forces. The TOW 2B RF can be launched from the same launcher platforms as the existing wire-guid-ed TOW 2B missiles without modification to the launcher. The TOW 2B missile (both wire & RF) contains two tracker beacons (xenon and thermal) for the launcher to track and guide the missile in flight. Guidance com-mands from the launcher are provided to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.096 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1938 March 22, 2018 
missile by an RF link contained within the missile case. The hardware, software and technical publications provided with the sale are unclassified; however, the system itself contains sensitive technology that instructs the system on how to operate in the presence of countermeasures. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary obtains knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems that might reduce weap-on system effectiveness or be used in the de-velopment of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that Saudi Arabia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Gov-ernment. This sale is necessary in further-ance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, on Feb-ruary 9, 2018, the President signed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 into law, H.R. 1892, P.L. 115–123. This bill passed the Senate by a vote of 71 to 28 and the House of Representatives by a vote of 240 to 186. Section 30101 of H.R. 1892 in-creased the statutory discretionary spending limits for Fiscal Year 2018. More specifically, it increased the Fis-cal Year 2018 discretionary spending limit for the revised security category to $629 billion in new budget authority and the revised nonsecurity category to $579 billion in new budget authority. Section 4108 of the Fiscal Year 2018 congressional budget resolution pro-vides me with the authority to adjust enforceable levels and allocations for such changes in the statutory limits. I am therefore adjusting the allocation to the Committee on Appropriations and the budgetary aggregates to reflect the new spending limits imposed by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. In addition to the changes triggered by P.L. 115–123, section 251 of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, estab-lishes statutory limits on discretionary spending and allows for various adjust-ments to those limits, while sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to allocations, ag-gregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate is con-sidering the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018. This measure provides full-year appro-priations for Federal Government agencies and contains spending that qualifies for cap adjustments under current statute. This measure includes $78,097 million in budget authority that is designated as being for overseas contingency oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA. Of that amount, $66,079 mil-lion is for spending in the security cat-egory and $12,018 million is for non-security spending. CBO estimates that this budget authority will result in $43,344 million in outlays in, Fiscal Year 2018. This measure also includes $7,366 mil-lion in nonsecurity discretionary budg-et authority designated for disaster re-lief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of BBEDCA. This designation makes the spending associated with this provision and its associated outlays of $368 mil-lion eligible for an adjustment. This legislation provides $1,896 mil-lion in nonsecurity discretionary budg-et authority for program integrity ef-forts. This funding is designated pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(B) and section 251(b)(2)(C) of BBEDCA. CBO estimates that this budget authority will result in $1,576 million in outlays this fiscal year. Finally, this legislation repurposes existing emergency funding increasing outlays by $1 million. This action is designated as an emergency pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of BBEDCA. As a result of the aforementioned designations, I am revising the budget authority and outlay allocations to the Committee on Appropriations by in-creasing revised security budget au-thority by $146,022 million, revised non-security budget authority by $84,531 million, and outlays by $108,997 million in Fiscal Year 2018. Further, I am in-creasing the budgetary aggregate for Fiscal Year 2018 by $230,553 million in budget authority and $108,997 million in outlays. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 4108 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018 and Sections 311 and 314(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974) ($ in millions) 2018 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,169,583 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,112,609 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................... 230,553 Outlays .............................................................................. 108,997 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,400,136 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,221,606 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
(Pursuant to Section 4108 of H.Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018 and Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) ($ in millions) 2018 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 554,913 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 635,532 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,199,535 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 146,022 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 84,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 108,997 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 700,935 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 720,063 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,308,532 
Regular OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emer-gency Total 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 79,943 66,079 0 0 0 146,022 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 63,251 12,018 1,896 7,366  0 84,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 63, 708 43,344 1,576 368 1 108,997 
YEMEN WAR POWERS RESOLUTION Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the brutal war in Yemen has raged for 3 years. At least 10,000 civilians have lost their lives in this conflict. More than 8 million Yemenis are on the brink of starvation. The worst cholera outbreak in modern history has af-flicted over 1 million people, including over 600,000 children. Millions more are displaced from their homes. As the years wear on, the cycle of desperation, destruction, and death continues unabated. Make no mistake: The Houthis and their Iranian backers bear great re-sponsibility for the civilian toll of this war. However, the Saudi-led coalition, with U.S. military support, continues to conduct hundreds of airstrikes each month. According to the United Na-tions, almost two-thirds of reported ci-vilian deaths are the result of these airstrikes. The administration claims U.S. mili-tary support for the coalition, in the form of aerial refueling, munitions sales, and targeting assistance, pro-vides leverage in the conflict; yet the Defense Department appears to know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.098 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1939 March 22, 2018 
disturbingly little about how U.S. mili-tary assistance is used on the battle-field, including whether our refueling enables the bombing of civilians. Most critically, with both sides at a total impasse, the prospect of a political set-tlement is farther from reach now than at the beginning of this devastating war. In. short, U.S. policy in Yemen has been an abject failure, and by con-tinuing our military assistance unmiti-gated, we are complicit in this tragedy. This complicity is fueled by Presi-dent Trump’s unquestioning embrace of the Saudi monarchy, and his appar-ent inability to use our leverage to place meaningful restraints on the Saudi attacks in Yemen. In addition, more than a year after his inaugura-tion, the President has not put forward nominees to fill key diplomatic posts that would be responsible for address-ing this conflict, including the Assist-ant Secretary of State for Near East-ern Affairs or the U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. He has alienated our counterparts at the United Nations. In action and in deed, President Trump has all but ensured the onslaught in Yemen will continue. I believe it is incumbent on the Con-gress to hold the Saudi-led coalition accountable and no longer to abdicate our responsibility in decisions of peace and war. S.J. Res. 54 reins in the Presi-dent’s largely unencumbered war mak-ing powers and ends unconditional U.S. military support for the Saudi cam-paign in Yemen without an authoriza-tion from Congress. For these reasons, I voted against the motion to table this resolution. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I want to discuss S. 2155, the banking bill, and explain the provisions of the bill I supported, those I opposed, and my reasons for ultimately opposing this legislation. Over the past year, I have appre-ciated the opportunity to meet with Maryland community bankers, con-sumers, and an array of stakeholders who would be impacted by this bill. I have organized roundtables on eco-nomic development in Howard County and Baltimore. I have met with con-sumer groups who want a strong regu-latory framework to ensure fair lend-ing and to protect taxpayers from ex-cessive risk-taking by some of the big-gest banks. Most recently, I held a forum with my State’s attorney gen-eral, Brian Frosh, where hundreds of passionate Marylanders came out on a rainy night to talk about consumer protection. We need a healthy banking system that serves Maryland businesses and consumers, and banking regulations should be appropriately tailored to the risks a bank poses to consumers, tax-payers, and the economy. Community banks should not have to comply with all of the regulations that apply to large Wall Street banks. That is why I support many of the reforms in this bill to relieve community banks of some unnecessary regulations. I also support provisions to modernize the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, so that reciprocal deposits are not considered to be brokered deposits. While I supported most of the re-forms relating to community banks and credit unions, I have concerns with provisions in the bill that will encour-age excessive risk-taking in system-ically important banks and am dis-appointed by the absence of strength-ened protections for consumers. For example, this legislation signifi-cantly raises the threshold for en-hanced prudential standards for sys-temically important financial institu-tions, SIFIs. While I can support an in-crease in the threshold, I believe this bill goes too far. Gary Gensler, the chair of the Maryland Financial Con-sumer Protection Commission, and the former chairman of the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, has pointed out that this bill dials down prudential oversight for about 20 per-cent of U.S. banking sector assets. Mr. Gensler also noted that section 401 could be construed as possibly requir-ing the Federal Reserve to raise the threshold at which foreign megabanks are subject to the enhanced standards, thereby potentially allowing the very biggest banks to escape some of the current regulations. I am also concerned that section 402 of the bill modifies the supplementary leverage ratio by excluding custodial assets for custodial banks. This provi-sion allows for greater risk-taking among megabanks. Removing custodial assets from the denominator of the supplementary leverage ratio will allow these banks to take on risk in all areas. Former Federal Reserve Gov-ernor Daniel Tarullo said that remov-ing one type of asset from a ratio on the grounds that it is safe ‘‘would de-feat the whole purpose of a leverage ratio, which is to place a cap on total leverage, no matter what the assets on the other side of the balance sheet may be.’’ Former FDIC Chair Sheila Bair wrote that ‘‘Section 402 will create an uneven playing field by giving big sys-temic banks a special capital break not applicable to community and regional institutions.’’ Moreover, this could cre-ate a slippery slope where we start ex-cluding other items banks deem ‘‘safe’’ from the ratio. Additionally, I cannot ignore the fact that this bill does very little to help strengthen consumer protections at a time when the Trump administration is eliminating rules that protect con-sumers. If we can reach bipartisan agreement to modify regulations for banks, surely we can find agreement on ways to help protect consumers from the abuses we have seen from the likes of Wells Fargo and Equifax. I am particularly troubled by two last-minute changes that benefit Equifax. Section 310 has the admirable goal of increasing competition in the credit scoring industry. However, the primary beneficiary of this provision is VantageScore, a company jointly cre-ated by the three consumer credit re-porting agencies, Equifax, TransUnion, and Experian. This means that a com-pany that is essentially owned by the credit bureaus will also have the abil-ity to determine your score. In short, this bill gives the credit bureaus a key tool to take over the credit reporting and scoring markets. Be assured that I will closely watch how the Federal Housing Finance Agency implements section 310. After both Republicans and Demo-crats spent the past 6 months saying that we would hold the credit reporting agencies more accountable, this bill makes a second last-minute change that would prevent members of the armed services who receive a free cred-it freeze from suing the credit report-ing bureaus for wrongdoing. We hear time and time again about how poorly the credit reporting bu-reaus treat consumers. False informa-tion in credit reports can do great harm to consumers; yet the credit rat-ing agencies face no real sanctions for their culpability. That is unacceptable. We need to change the system so that these companies have better incentives to produce accurate credit reports, in-cluding sanctioning them for inac-curate and breached data. We must give consumers the power to control their own data and provide them with the ability to take legal action against the bureaus when they have been wronged. Providing the bureaus with a shield from legal liability and opening the door for them to manipulate the credit reporting industry is going in the wrong direction. In conclusion, while I support many provisions in the bill, especially those relating to community banks and cred-it unions, I believe other provisions in the bill create excessive risks. Those risks, as well as the failure to use this opportunity to further protect con-sumers, led me to oppose this bill. 
f 
TRIBUTES TO THAD COCHRAN Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, Sen-ator C
OCHRAN and I met while serving together in the House of Representa-tives, but it was in the Senate that we became close colleagues. Throughout his service, Senator C
OCHRAN has re-mained devoted to the U.S. Senate functioning as a bipartisan, delibera-tive body. It is a goal I have long ad-mired about Senator C
OCHRAN and a mission I share. As only the second Republican to be elected to represent Mississippi in the House of Representatives since Recon-struction and the first Republican to win a statewide election in a century at the time he was elected to the U.S. Senate, Senator C
OCHRAN proved that it is ideas and commitment to con-stituents that move communities and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.076 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1940 March 22, 2018 
States forward. Throughout his career, Senator C
OCHRAN continued to prove time and again that this is the path to legislative success. You really get to know a colleague when you travel with them. I know Senator C
OCHRAN as a deliberative and thoughtful colleague. Though collegial and cautious, Senator C
OCHRAN was dogged in his pursuit to represent the interests of Mississippi. Senator C
OCH-
RANand I often exchanged ideas in the Senate Agriculture Committee while he served as chairman. I can say with certainty that he represented the farm-ers of his State extremely well. A hallmark of Senator T
HAD COCH-
RAN’s distinguished career has been his ability to work effectively and thoughtfully on behalf of Mississippi. He has a courteous manner but com-mands the attention and respect of his colleagues. His deep institutional knowledge and dedication to public of-fice will make him a sorely missed member of the United States Senate. I thank him for his faithful service to this body and wish him well in his re-tirement. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would like to take a few moments to recog-nize my friend and colleague Senator C
OCHRAN of Mississippi. On April 1, the Senate will lose a tremendous public servant. Between the House and Senate, Sen-ator C
OCHRAN devoted nearly 46 years of service to his State, and I am sad to hear it is coming to an end. The son of two educators and a fellow 4–H alumnus, Senator C
OCHRAN knows the importance of serving his commu-nity. In 1973, he answered the call to represent the people of Mississippi and hasn’t stopped since. As outgoing chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator C
OCHRAN leaves a legacy of providing many victories to Florida. From fund-ing the restoration of the Everglades, to ensuring our Nation’s military has enough funding to defend our country, Senator C
OCHRAN ’s enduring contribu-tions are to be commended. I think TIME Magazine said it right when Senator C
OCHRAN was selected as one of America’s 10 Best Senators in 2006, accurately dubbing him the ‘‘quiet persuader’’ after he secured nearly $29 billion for Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts in our Gulf Coast. His proven bipartisanship will be re-membered by the people of Mississippi and by his colleagues here in the Sen-ate. I am proud to have served with Sen-ator C
OCHRAN , and we will all miss his leadership. I wish him well on his next endeavor. Mr. CARDIN, Mr. President, while we are all looking forward to the Pass-over-Easter recess, wrapping up our work this week feels bittersweet be-cause, when we return on April 9, our dear friend and colleague T
HAD COCH-
RANwill not be returning with us. It is fitting, given his retirement, that we passed the fiscal year 2018 Omnibus Ap-propriations Act since the senior Sen-ator from Mississippi deserves so much of the credit for negotiating that pack-age and getting it to the floor. Senator COCHRAN was born and raised in Mississippi in a close-knit family that valued academic achievement, civic engagement, and hard work. Both of his parents were teachers. Senator C
OCHRAN was an Eagle Scout. He earned varsity letters in football, bas-ketball, baseball, and tennis at Byram High School, where he gave a piano and voice recital his senior year, and he graduated as class valedictorian. Senator C
OCHRAN attended the Uni-versity of Mississippi, where he was student body vice president and earned a bachelor of arts degree with a major in psychology and a minor in political science. After he graduated, he was commissioned an ensign in the U.S. Naval Reserve and assigned to duty aboard the USS Macon, a heavy cruiser homeported in Boston, MA. After Senator C
OCHRAN completed his tour of Active Duty in the Navy, he at-tended the school of law at the Univer-sity of Mississippi. While in law school, he won an award for having the highest scholastic average in the first-year class, served on the editorial board of the Mississippi Law Journal, and ar-gued before the Mississippi Supreme Court as a moot court finalist. He was awarded a Rotary Foundation graduate fellowship and studied jurisprudence and international law for a year at Trinity College in Dublin before re-turning to Ole Miss for his final year of law school. Senator C
OCHRAN ’Slaw school grade point average was the third highest of all students who grad-uated from the Ole Miss law school during the 1960s. Senator C
OCHRAN joined the law firm of Watkins & Eager in Jackson, MS, and was made a partner in less than 3 years. It was around this time that he became a Republican, and in 1972, he elected to Congress to represent the Fourth District. He became just the second Republican to be elected to rep-resent Mississippi in the U.S. House of Representatives since Reconstruction, after Prentiss Walker was the first in 1964. He won reelection twice, in each instance with more than 70 percent of the vote. In 1978, Senator C
OCHRAN became the first Republican in more than 100 years to win a statewide election in Mis-sissippi when he was elected to the U.S. Senate. He has since been reelected six times. Last March, he became the tenth longest serving Senator in U.S. history. Our Nation and the State of Mis-sissippi have benefited from Senator C
OCHRAN ’Slong service. His legislative accomplishments are too numerous to list here, but I will highlight a few. First, Senator C
OCHRAN has been a champion of a strong national defense, both as chairman of the Appropriations Committee and the Subcommittee on Defense. Second, he has been a cham-pion of America’s farmers and ranchers through his long service on the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, which he also chaired. Third, he has been a champion for edu-cation and our Nation’s cultural insti-tutions, including the Kennedy Center and the Smithsonian Institution, serv-ing as a regent. He has a passion for education. I mentioned that his par-ents were teachers; so, too, is his daughter. Senator COCHRAN has worked hard to improve educational opportuni-ties for students in Mississippi and across the country. He has advocated for early childhood education, literacy programs, teacher development, voca-tional education, arts education, year- round Pell grants, and the Promise Neighborhood Program. He has in-creased funding for title I and to His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities. In 2005, Senator C
OCHRAN spearheaded the effort to secure more than $87 bil-lion in supplemental Federal assist-ance to Mississippi and the other Gulf Coast States devastated by Hurricane Katrina. More recently, he coauthored the ‘RESTORE the Gulf Coast Act’ to help Gulf Coast States recover from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill. He helped develop, maintain, and improve the Natchez Trace Parkway, the Natchez National Historical Park, the Vicksburg National Military Park, and the Gulf Islands National Seashore. In addition, he authored provisions to promote National Park Service efforts to research and preserve sites associ-ated with the Civil Rights movement. Senator C
OCHRAN is a sportsman and a conservationist in the tradition of Teddy Roosevelt. He authored the Mis-sissippi Wilderness Act, which was the first Federal legislation ever passed for the perpetual protection of lands in the State of Mississippi. He helped to es-tablish national wildlife refuges as a member of the Migratory Bird Con-servation Commission, and he authored the Wildlife Habitat Incentives Pro-gram. He has received numerous awards from conservation groups, in-cluding Ducks Unlimited, the North American Waterfowl Federation, the National Wildlife Federation, and the Nature Conservancy. I could go on, but I hope this sum-mary of just some of Senator C
OCH-
RAN’s accomplishments is sufficient to illustrate how remarkably effective he has been over a long and distinguished career in public service. Senator C
OCH-
RANis an exemplary public servant. In 2006, TIME magazine selected him as one of ‘‘America’s 10 Best Senators’’— a distinction I am sure no one in this Chamber would dispute. TIME called him the ‘‘quiet persuader’’—an apt de-scription—and commented on his ‘‘courtly manner.’’ We use the term ‘‘gentleman’’ frequently here in the Senate, perhaps too frequently some-times, but Senator C
OCHRAN truly is a gentleman, and he is a gentle man. He doesn’t raise his voice. He doesn’t so-licit attention to himself. He goes about his work quietly but effectively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.078 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1941 March 22, 2018 
His word is his bond. The Senate is a better place because of his service, and we will miss him. Rather than feel sor-row over his imminent departure, I feel gratitude that we are so fortunate he chose a life of public service and I have had the privilege of serving with him here in the Senate for the past 12 years. I wish all the best for our dear friend from Mississippi, his wife, Kay, and the rest of his family and thank them for their willingness to share him with us. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wanted to pay tribute to my colleague T
HAD C
OCHRAN as he retires from the Senate after almost 40 years of service. Former Senator Margaret Chase Smith once said, ‘‘Public service must be more than doing a job efficiently and honestly. It must be complete dedi-cation to the people and the nation.’’ Senator T
HAD COCHRAN brought that dedication to the Senate every day. During his tenure, Senator C
OCHRAN  has served as chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and the Senate Appropriations Committee, using those positions to help the people of Mis-sissippi. The Senator’s commitment to help alleviate the poverty in the Mis-sissippi delta is well documented. As Senator C
OCHRAN ends this chap-ter of his life, I wish him well and thank him for the decency and cour-tesy that he consistently brought to the Senate. We are better for it. 
f 
REMEMBERING LOUISE SLAUGHTER Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am deeply saddened by the recent death of my friend and colleague, Representa-tive L
OUISE SLAUGHTER . We served to-gether in the House of Representatives and on the Helsinki Commission, which monitors human rights commitments across the globe. Her time on the Com-mission is one of the many examples of her unwavering commitment to justice and human dignity. Louise first became interested in the Helsinki Commission’s work in the early 1990s when she joined congres-sional efforts to address the mass rape of women and girls as a deliberate and systematic part of the ethnic cleansing campaign in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In her calls for justice, she worked to ensure that rape wouldn’t be consid-ered as unfortunate violence incidental to conflict, but as a war crime and crime against humanity to be pros-ecuted as such. Her commitment to peace, justice, and reconciliation in Bosnia and the Balkans extended well beyond the period of conflict. In 2009, she joined a Helsinki Commission dele-gation I led to Sarajevo, where she championed the efforts of university students who saw the politics of eth-nicity and nationalism—and the cor-ruption it perpetuates—as denying them opportunities for a brighter fu-ture in a more prosperous Bosnia. She also worked to ensure those guilty of war crimes in the former Yugoslavia were prosecuted and to provide human-itarian relief to victims of the conflict. As part of her efforts to promote human rights around the world, we traveled together on a commission del-egation to Greece in 1998 to advance the rights of Roma, Europe’s largest ethnic minority population that his-torically faced persecution, were the victims of genocide during the Second World War, and continue to face dis-proportionate levels of racism and dis-crimination to this day. Few other Members of Congress, House or Senate, matched her ongoing and effective engagement. During her time on the Helsinki Commission, Lou-ise represented the United States at numerous meetings of the Organization for Security and Co-operation In Eu-rope, OSCE, Parliamentary Assembly, an interparliamentary body which has encouraged diplomats to focus on issues of concern and importance to the United States, especially human rights and fundamental freedoms. From 1993 to 2010, she participated in more than a dozen assembly meetings as a member of U.S. delegations, help-ing to show the depth of our country’s commitment to transatlantic rela-tions. LOUISE was born in Kentucky. Her fa-ther was a blacksmith for a coal mine. She had a sister who died of pneumonia as a child, which impelled Louise to pursue degrees in microbiology and public health at the University of Ken-tucky. She moved to New York to work for Procter & Gamble and was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1982 and then to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives in 1986. We were House freshmen together. She coauthored the Violence Against Women Act—VAWA— secured funding for breast cancer re-search, and was responsible for estab-lishing an office of research on wom-en’s health at the National Institutes of Health, NIH. In 2007, she became the first woman in U.S. history to chair the House Committee on Rules. L
OUISE was legendary in the Roch-ester area as her constituents know well. Her background as a microbiolo-gist shaped her priorities in securing infrastructure upgrades, research fund-ing for local universities, and bringing two manufacturing institutes to the area. She most recently secured fund-ing for Rochester’s new Amtrak sta-tion, which is rightfully being renamed in her memory. L
OUISE was universally respected, and it has been an honor to call her a friend and colleague, as well as to have served on the Helsinki Commission with her for two decades. My thoughts and prayers go out to her children and the rest of her family, friends, and con-stituents during this difficult time. She had an extraordinary life and her myriad accomplishments on behalf of her constituents, other New Yorkers, all Americans, and indeed all of hu-manity secure her legacy and are a wonderful testament of her commit-ment to public service. NATIONAL STOP THE BLEED DAY Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I would like to take the time to recog-nize March 31, 2018, as National Stop the Bleed Day. Stop the Bleed is a pro-gram offered by the American College of Surgeons to help educate the general public on techniques to assist victims suffering from uncontrolled bleeding using direct pressure, gauze and ban-dages, and tourniquets. As someone who has personally been trained to ‘‘Stop the Bleed,’’ I can attest to its importance and value. Each year, more than 180,000 people die from traumatic injuries sustained as a result of events including vehicle crashes, falls, industrial and farm acci-dents, shootings, and natural disasters. The most common preventable cause of these deaths is losing too much blood in the minutes before trained respond-ers arrive. Just like CPR training, a ci-vilian familiar with basic bleeding con-trol techniques is better equipped to save a life. The effort to make this training available to the public is driv-en by the goal to reduce or eliminate preventable death from bleeding. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing National Stop the Bleed Day so that we may raise awareness and work to end the loss of life from uncontrolled bleeding by getting trained to ‘‘Stop the Bleed.’’ f 
WEEK ON THE STATUS OF BLACK WOMEN Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, on be-half of myself and Senator Gillibrand, we rise to request that, for the 4th year in a row, the U.S. Government offi-cially recognize the last week in March as the Week on the Status of Black Women. During the week of March 26, 2018, as part of Women’s History Month and in honor of the UN International Decade for People of African Descent, several leading social justice organiza-tions will be holding events across the country to honor Black women’s mo-mentous contributions to our country and to shed light on the struggles Black women continue to face in Amer-ican society. Black women have long gone above and beyond the call of duty in their contributions to American civic soci-ety, particularly when it comes to voter turnout and political participa-tion. They have routinely stepped up as leaders and bulwarks in their commu-nities, sacrificing their own health and time for the betterment of others. Even in the face of grave oppression dating back to our Nation’s origins, Black women have continued to stand strong and contribute to the well-being of families, communities, the economy, and our country as a whole. A recogni-tion of the Week on the Status of Black Women would send a critical message that the government wishes to elevate Black women’s role in history and contemporary society and recog-nizes the unique struggles they con-tinue to experience today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.080 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1942 March 22, 2018 
Black women have played a critical role in this Nation’s history and evo-lution, often with little thanks or rec-ognition. Harriet Tubman escaped slav-ery and bravely returned to the enslaved South over a dozen times to herald her people to freedom on the Underground Railroad. She served in the Union army as a spy, a medic, and the first woman ever to lead an armed expedition; yet despite this immense service to our country, we are still de-bating her recognition on our currency. A century later, Rosa Parks resisted the continued oppression and marginalization of her people. Before she was the face and organizational leader of the Montgomery Bus Boycott, she led campaigns against the sexual harassment and assault of Black women. The Week on the Status of Black Women offers us a chance to honor and uplift the sacrifices of Black women such as Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks, who gave us so much and received so little in return. It gives us an opportunity to add new names to celebrate to this list, for con-tributions that build the future as much as they ground the past. This week of recognition honors so many of whom we are proud, an infinite list at which we can only hint. It includes those hidden figures who did the math to get us to the stars—Katherine John-son, Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Jackson, and Dr. Christine Darden—and the interstellar figures who have actually been there, like Dr. Mae Jemmison, the first African-American woman astro-naut to travel in space; those con-sciousness raisers who provoked thought and progress in a country that needed to catch up with them, like Pauli Murray, who graduated first in her class from Howard Law and offered up the visionary arguments that won Brown v. Board of Education, and Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, who has issued an international invitation to embrace feminism; those courageous testifiers who spoke out with such fore-sight, from Anita Hill’s willingness to speak her own truth to power, to Tarana Burke, whose compassionate decision to say ‘‘Me Too’’ inspired and named a movement that is changing the world; those athletes and artists who inspire us with their unprece-dented feats and the lyricism of their movement, from American Ballet The-ater’s principal dancer Misty Copeland to America’s swiftest young icon on ice, Maame Biney; and those who hold and disseminate knowledge, expanding our horizons and our minds, like Monica Drake, who last year became the first African-American woman on the New York Times’ print masthead, and Carla Hayden, a visionary librarian who is the first woman and first Afri-can American to lead the Library of Congress, the largest library in the world. We celebrate that this momentous week gives us an opportunity to both enrich the historical record, and to en-liven our future possibilities. We know that raising the stories of Black women in every walk of life teaches lit-tle girls to see themselves in all their full and powerful potential. As we anticipate the future, we must also stand to recognize that, while Black women have dedicated them-selves to bettering our country, they continue to face countless barriers to full inclusion and equality in American society. Black women are dispropor-tionately subject to compromising health conditions, such as poor-quality environments in impoverished neigh-borhoods, food deserts, and a lack of access to basic healthcare—conditions that make them more susceptible to life-threatening diseases such as HIV and heart disease and which often make highly treatable illnesses, like breast cancer, lethal. Single Black women’s median wealth is just $100, while single White women have a me-dian wealth of $41,000; and White house-holds have a median wealth of 13 times more than Black households. Even more alarming, around half of single Black women have zero or negative wealth, meaning their debt equals or exceeds their assets. On average, Black women workers are paid only 67 cents on the dollar relative to White non-His-panic men, even after controlling for education, years of experience, and lo-cation. Further, while Black women, espe-cially trans Black women, are excep-tionally vulnerable to violence, both at the hands of the state and at the hands of intimate partners, often they are not listened to or believed when they speak out. On all these fronts, we can and must do better, and we will. In conjunction with the congres-sional declaration, a coalition of orga-nizations advocating for the well-being of women and communities of color will partner to elevate the stories, his-tories, and realities of Black women’s lives through a series of events entitled ‘‘Her Dream Deferred’’. These events will address a number of issues facing Black women today, including mater-nal mortality, sexual assault and har-assment, political participation, and police violence through artistic expres-sion and academic fora. Exploring these issues and acknowl-edging the centrality of Black women to our history and social fabric, along with recognizing the uniquely gendered and racialized inequities they face, is critical as we seek to extend equal rights to all Americans. We hope and request that this year will be a con-tinuation of years past in celebration and recognition of Black women through the Week on the Status of Black Women. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY ANNE SCIUTO Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Mary Anne Sciuto for more than 38 years of service to the Federal Government. As Boston’s first full-time congressional liaison, Mary Anne will retire at the end of March from her post as district congressional lead at U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services’ Boston district office. Mary Anne’s expertise, combined with her eagerness to assist the people of Massachusetts, has been an invalu-able resource to me and my staff. Throughout her venerated career, she has assisted countless immigrants and refugees and has made the difference for individuals and families who dream of making the United States their home. Though navigating our Nation’s immigration system can be a long and complicated process, Mary Anne is widely known for her patience and compassion. She has continually pro-vided my office with important advice and training to ensure that we best meet the needs of our constituents. While she will be sorely missed, her legacy of helping and mentoring so many during her long career will live on. My staff and I would like to extend our sincere gratitude to Mary Anne for her years of dedicated service and wish her well as she embarks on this next chapter in her life. Congratulations, Mary Anne, and thank you for the enormous contribu-tions you have made to the commu-nity, the Commonwealth of Massachu-setts, and the United States of Amer-ica. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO J. MICHAEL ‘‘MIKE’’ NUSSMAN ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I want to take this opportunity to congratu-late J. Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Nussman, who is retiring next week from the Amer-ican Sportfishing Association, ASA, the trade association that represents the recreational fishing industry. Mr. Nussman joined the ASA’s government relations team in 1992 and became president and chief executive office of the association in 2001. I am proud to call him a fellow Marylander. Sportfishing provides outdoor recre-ation for more than 47 million Ameri-cans each year. In Maryland, we are blessed with some of the best fishing opportunities in the Nation. From fish-ing for striped bass—‘‘rockfish’’—on the Chesapeake Bay, to fly fishing for trout on the Gunpowder, to fishing for smallmouth bass on the Potomac, we have great waters and angling through-out our State. Whether casting for yel-low perch and pickerel on the Eastern Shore or trolling for tuna and white marlin off Ocean City, fishing in Mary-land provides opportunities for young people and families to get into the great outdoors and enjoy our public lands and waters. Like many other outdoor industries, sport fishing is sometimes overlooked as a significant job generator and eco-nomic engine. The U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service estimates that, nationwide, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.081 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1943 March 22, 2018 
recreational fishing generates $48 bil-lion in retail sales, $115 billion in total economic activity, and 828,000 jobs. In 2016, Congress passed the Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act. Because of that legislation, in 2018, the U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Economic Analysis included outdoor recreation’s impact, including fishing and boating, in our Nation’s gross domestic product, GDP, for the first time. Possibly the most important aspect of recreational fishing is that sportfishing manufacturers, anglers, and boaters pay for most of State fish and wildlife agencies’ fisheries con-servation and boating programs. Through special Federal excise and fishing license sales, anglers and boat-ers are providing more than $1.2 billion each year in funds that are allocated to the States Much of this progress is due to the leadership of Mr. Nussman, who hails from Crownsville, MD. While ASA has been a trade association since 1933, it has really been in the past 25 years—a period that coincides with his tenure— that the organization has assumed more of a leadership role in the angling community. With the support of ASA, the afore-mentioned excise taxes have been ex-panded to cover programs such as wet-lands restoration, boating safety and infrastructure, and the establishment of the Recreational Boating & Fishing Foundation, RBFF. In fact, Mike Nussman led the effort to establish RBFF to turn around a decline in rec-reational fishing participation, which started to appear in the 1990s. The most recent data indicate an upward trend in recreational fishing, including among more diverse and urban commu-nities. Mr. Nussman’s success should come as no surprise. He worked for the Sen-ate Commerce Committee and then- Chairman Fritz Hollings of South Caro-lina. Mr. Nussman was the lead profes-sional staff member for the sub-committee that oversees fisheries pol-icy, the National Ocean and Atmos-pheric Administration, NOAA, and the U.S. Coast Guard. Prior to that, Mr. Nussman worked for the South Caro-lina Sea Grant Program, earning un-dergraduate and graduate degrees in science, and an MBA from the Univer-sity of South Carolina. Mr. Nussman’s tenure at the ASA also has improved the organization’s business operations. The sportfishing industry’s annual trade show is now the largest in the world. His leadership has made the organization financially strong, helping it weather economic downturns. He has also served on nu-merous boards of directors and advi-sory groups, from the Theodore Roo-sevelt Conservation Partnership to the Blue Ribbon Panel on Sustaining America’s Diverse Fish and Wildlife Resources. He has served as a U.S. Commissioner on the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas. Trade associations serve a unique role by allowing companies in the same industry to come together to express their views on issues affecting the en-tire industry. They are an important segment of our U.S. private sector and provide a legal, accepted mechanism to allow small and large companies in an industry to have a common voice when working with the Congress, the Execu-tive, the States, and local govern-ments. When Mr. Nussman joined the ASA, he brought special expertise as a former Senate staffer to the rec-reational fishing industry and con-servation communities. So upon the occasion of his retirement, I think it appropriate that he be recognized and congratulated today for a job well done. Anglers and sportfishing-related businesses in Maryland and across our Nation can be thankful that he has been at the ASA helm. I wish him all the best as he begins the next chapter in his life which will include, presumably, even more time for fishing.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TONY PRATT ∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is with great pleasure that I rise on be-half of the Delaware delegation to honor the exemplary service of Tony Pratt, administrator of the Shoreline and Waterway Management section within the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control. Tony has devoted his life’s work to preserving our coastal commu-nities and documenting its beauty through his talented photography. Tony, sometimes known affection-ately around Delaware as the Sand Man, is an expert on natural coastal in-frastructure including beaches, dunes, and wetlands. He has ensured that Delaware has safe, clean, and broad beaches for its nearly 3 million visitors a year to enjoy. As a leader of the American Shore and Beach Preserva-tion Association, he has an under-standing of the complexities facing the coastal resources not just in Delaware, but around our great Nation. He is so well respected in his field that, in Feb-ruary 2017, he testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on the Environment and Public Works on the value of beaches, dunes, wetlands, and other natural coastal infrastructure. Tony has been a key figure in turn-ing around Delaware’s beaches from being in a state of chronic erosion in the 1990s, to today serving as a top tourist destination and providing pro-tection during the strongest of storms. These storms have continuously bat-tered the coastline and back bays; how-ever, Delaware coastal communities have fared better than most due to beach renourishment projects and miti-gation work in the back bays. Tony has led these efforts not only to try and prepare for the next superstorm, but learn from past storms in order to keep our roads, bridges, homes, businesses, and animal habitats safe from rising waters. You would be hard pressed to find him behind a desk, especially during a storm. You are more likely to find him standing in the water, investigating the environment, and possibly even taking photos of the beautiful land and sea. He is there for Delaware any time of the day and night, on weekends and holidays. He is personally vested in his work and has somehow maintained that same level of passion for nearly four decades. On behalf of Delaware Senator CHRIS C
OONS and our Congresswoman, L ISA B
LUNT ROCHESTER , I wholeheartedly thank Tony Pratt for his service to Delaware. His model leadership and dedication has served to improve our coastal communities and Delawareans’ quality of life. We offer Tony our sin-cere congratulations on a job well done and wish him well as he embarks on the next chapter of his career. When people in the Navy accomplish extraordinary things in their lives, we say, ‘‘Bravo Zulu!’’ Today we are in your debt, and we are deeply grateful, as well, to your family for sharing with the people of Delaware and America for all these years a very good man. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING RICHARD E. ‘‘DICK’’ HAINES ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I have the honor of remembering Mr. Richard E. ‘‘Dick’’ Haines as he is laid to rest at the Western Montana State Vet-erans Cemetery with full military hon-ors on April 6, 2018. Dick was born in Billings, MT, on September 28, 1936, and spent much of his life in service to our great State. Dick graduated from Montana State University in 1959 with a degree in me-chanical engineering, while also com-pleting the Army’s ROTC program. After serving in the U.S. Army as an officer teaching marksmanship skills and shooting on Army rifle teams, Dick began his engineering career. In 1962, he was offered an engineering po-sition with the U.S. Forest Service. During his career, he served on the Kootenai, Kaniksu, Clearwater, Deer Lodge, and Siskiyou Forests. His years of public service, however, did not stop there. From 1999 through 2004, Dick served in the Montana State House of Representatives, where he played a key role in the establishment of the West-ern Montana State Veterans Cemetery. In addition, he served a total of 8 years on the Missoula City Council and served for countless years with many other local organizations. When Dick wasn’t serving his con-stituents or volunteering, he enjoyed Montana’s beautiful outdoor rec-reational activities, including hunting, fishing, hiking and backpacking. His selfless public service and commitment to volunteering will never be forgot-ten.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOYD RENNAKER ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.079 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1944 March 22, 2018 
Darby Superintendent Loyd Rennaker for his 24 years of service to the Darby School District. After graduating from Darby himself, Loyd furthered his education at the University of Montana Western. With degrees to teach high school math and chemistry, Loyd first taught for 1 year in Malta before returning to Darby. Since then, he has served the school district in a number of roles, including as high school math and science teach-er, elementary school principal, high school principal, athletic director, coach, and superintendent. As superintendent, Loyd helped bring high-speed internet to the town of Darby, providing more opportunity to students and teachers, as well as the whole Darby community. Loyd Rennaker is a wonderful exam-ple of Montana’s rich heritage of deep community ties. He has had a great ca-reer at Darby schools and has loved teaching and watching students grow into successful citizens. After 25 years of investing in the next generation, Loyd will retire from the Darby School District in June. Thank you, Loyd, for all your hard work and service.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AIDAN VERESS ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing 14-year-old Aidan Veress for winning the Treasure State Spelling Bee for the second year in a row. Aidan is no stranger to success when it comes to spelling. He has competed in spelling bees since the second grade and has won the Park County Spelling Bee 3 years in a row. When asked about his preparation for success, Aidan talks about his love for reading. Beyond memorization of words, Aidan also studies pronuncia-tion, the definitions, and even the rules for various languages. His advice for younger Montanans who wish to win spelling bees is this: Read often, study by yourself and with friends, properly enunciate, push yourself to grow your vocabulary, and stay calm. Aidan dreams of going to college 1 day and perhaps even working in a STEM field, but for right now, he is busy reading, hiking, camping, trav-eling, playing basketball and video games, and making Montana proud. This two-time State champ will rep-resent Montana in the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, DC, this May. Congratulations, Aidan, you make us Montana proud.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DOROTHY P. CAMPBELL ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and extend my sin-cerest congratulations and happy birthday wishes to Dorothy P. Camp-bell, who will celebrate her 100th birth-day on March 23, 2018. Dorothy was born in Langdon, NH, on March 23, 1918, to Frank and Frances Pelton. On October 4, 1936, Dorothy married Rodney H.J. Campbell, and to-gether, they raised 11 children in the same town where Dorothy was born. Dorothy is extremely proud of her 32 grandchildren, 44 great-grandchildren, and 20 great-great-grandchildren. Dorothy spent several years as a homemaker before beginning work as a spinner in a local mill. Dorothy also drove a school bus before her retire-ment. Today Dorothy spends her free time playing cribbage, completing puz-zles, reading, and crocheting. In the last 10 years, Dorothy has crocheted nearly 160 blankets for each of her fam-ily members and for several charities. As an active member in her commu-nity, Dorothy is involved in the Con-gregational Church, the Langdon Com-munity Club, and the Warren Pond Grange. I hope you join me, Dorothy’s friends and family, and many people in the town of Langdon and across the Gran-ite State in wishing Dorothy Campbell a very happy 100th birthday. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING COLYER HEREFORDS AND ANGUS ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, agriculture is vital to the economic success of my home State of Idaho, and ranching in particular has a long and proud history in the State. A rancher myself, I know that operating a ranch and managing land and cattle are challenging propositions that re-quire quite a bit of industriousness and determination. While American ranches are often depicted as those with huge quantities of cattle and vast land holdings, it is important to re-member the numerous small, family owned agricultural operations that exist all across our country. These smaller enterprises, like Colyer Here-fords and Angus Ranch in Bruneau, are successful in part because they are committed to finding innovative ways to meet specific market demands. It is my pleasure as the chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship to recognize Colyer Herefords and Angus Ranch as the Senate Small Business of the Month for March 2018 and to highlight the unique story of their family fo-cused small business. Not only do small businesses like Colyer’s make a positive economic im-pact to State, local, and national economies, but they also contribute to the well-being of our communities. A mainstay in the Bruneau community, the Colyers have been in business for more than 42 years. This family owned business has worked diligently, incor-porated new innovations into their business model, and displayed dedica-tion to the quality of their product. Located just 60 miles southeast of Boise along the beautiful Snake River, Colyer Hereford and Angus Ranch has truly been a family run operation for decades. In 1976, the ranch’s founders, Ray and Bonnie Colyer, sold their Bu-reau of Land Management permit and moved their herd to deeded lands and rented private lands in order to better monitor the health and quality of their cattle. This early commitment to the quality of their purebred bulls and sires has continued and is a key to their success in building a loyal cus-tomer base over the years. Innovation has also been a major focus for the Colyer family, passed from generation to generation. For example, in 1993, Ray and Bonnie added an Angus cattle herd to the ranch as a response to com-mercial customer demand for a breed of cattle uniquely suited to Idaho’s en-vironment. Additionally, the ranch has adapted a number of innovative tech-nologies to help select the finest bulls and sires to breed superior cattle for their customers, including ultrasound, artificial insemination, DNA markers, herd management software, and em-bryo transplants. Today the ranch is managed by Ray and Bonnie’s son and grandson, Guy and Kyle. Kyle and his sister Katie grew up helping out on the family ranch, which fostered their shared love of the industry. The two went on to pursue animal science degrees in col-lege and were active in agriculture ac-tivities such as livestock judging and ag student government. Since grad-uating, both have helped their father, Guy, with the family business. Kyle helps with the day-to-day management of the ranch, while Katie coordinates cattle shows, manages auction broad-casts, and travels to sales across the country. Katie is also a part-time em-ployee of the Idaho Cattlemen’s Asso-ciation and owns her own video produc-tion company. The Colyer family and their enterprise have also greatly bene-fited from the hard work and expertise of longtime employees Adan Juarez and Tony Willis, who have worked on the ranch for over 30 and 15 years, re-spectively. Apart from the Colyers’ commitment to their product, their commitment to the community is also self-evident. Several members of the family serve as emergency first responders on a volun-teer basis in the Bruneau area. Guy is a member of several local and national cattle associations, including the Owyhee County Cattle Association, the Idaho Cattle Association, and the Na-tional Cattlemen’s Beef Association. He also serves on the board of directors of the American Hereford Association. Guy and his wife, Sherry, have also served as advisers for the American Junior Hereford Association to help mentor the next generation of ranch-ers. Colyer Herefords and Angus has been a pillar of Bruneau and surrounding communities for many, many years. This family owned business is a prime example of the American entrepre-neurial spirit. Through hard work, a commitment to a quality product, and community service, the ranch has thrived as a small family owned agri-cultural operation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.084 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1945 March 22, 2018 
I would like to extend my sincerest congratulations to the Colyer family and all of the employees at Colyer Herefords and Angus for being selected as the March 2018 Small Business of the Month. You make our great State of Idaho proud, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TAMMY FREEMAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Tammy Freeman, the Broward County Teacher of the Year from Monarch High School in Coconut Creek, FL. Tammy received the Teacher of the Year award because of her efforts to challenge and encourage young learn-ers to grow as critical thinkers. She empowers her students by not only in-stilling skills to help them become suc-cessful in life, but also by helping them see how important their own voice truly is. Instead of giving her students the answers, which she believes makes them dependent on her, Tammy in-stead empowers her students by teach-ing them the process to discover the answers on their own. According to her, this will help them become better thinkers and learners throughout their lifetime. Tammy believes a commitment to personalized instruction builds stu-dents’ confidence in their abilities and a strong foundation for a lifetime of learning. Tammy is dedicated to know-ing each of her students and walks into her classroom each day with the desire to inspire her students, the same way she was inspired by her own teachers. Tammy has been an English teacher at Monarch High School for 10 years and serves as chair of the language arts department. Her passion for her work has earned the respect and admiration of both students and colleagues, and she has shown outstanding ability as both collaborator and leader. I would like to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to Tammy for all the hard work she has done for her students, and I extend my best wishes on her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LILLIEMARIE GORE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Lilliemarie Gore, the Alachua County Teacher of the Year from Idylwild Elementary School in Gainesville, FL. When Lilliemarie was named Teacher of the Year, she thanked two of her own teachers who played important roles in her life, Mrs. Jackson and Mrs. Gloria Jean Merriex. Mrs. Jackson was her third-grade teacher who inspired her to use education as a vehicle to es-cape the tough Miami neighborhood where she grew up. Mrs. Merriex was a teacher Lilliemarie worked with at Duval Elementary School who was known for using rhymes, music, and other innovative techniques to teach math to students. While Lilliemarie learned about teaching concepts and theories in col-lege, she said the 4 years of mentoring by Gloria taught her the fundamentals of teaching. Lilliemarie says teaching starts with having a genuine love for students and believes that, when the children know you love them, they are willing to jump through hoops to do whatever needs to be done. She loves her kids with everything she has, and they know she loves them. Lilliemarie attended the University of Florida and earned degrees in early elementary and special education. She is a fourth-grade teacher at Idylwild Elementary School and has been an Alachua County Public School teacher for 5 years. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Lilliemarie for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:35 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3731) to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Se-cret Service, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5247. An act to authorize the use of el-igible investigational drugs by eligible pa-tients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2040. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 11:22 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1865. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforce-ment against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr H
ATCH ) 
At 2:05 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 4227. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what ac-tions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of ve-hicular terrorism, and for other purposes. H.R. 4467. An act to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strate-gies, and for other purposes. H.R. 5089. An act to improve threat infor-mation sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes. H.R. 5131. An act to improve the effective-ness of Federal efforts to identify and ad-dress homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a feasibility assess-ment of introducing new security tech-nologies and measures, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 116. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625. 
The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 3:20 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3731. An act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 3:56 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 4851) to establish the Ken-nedy-King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4227. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what ac-tions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of ve-hicular terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4467. An act to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strate-gies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.090 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1946 March 22, 2018 
H.R. 5089. An act to improve threat infor-mation sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. H.R. 5131. An act to improve the effective-ness of Federal efforts to identify and ad-dress homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a feasibility assess-ment of introducing new security tech-nologies and measures, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bills were read the first time: 
H.R. 5247. An act to authorize the use of el-igible investigational drugs by eligible pa-tients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes. S. 2629. A bill to improve postal operations, service, and transparency. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, March 22, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2030. An act to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation stand-ards for ceiling fan light kits to be January 21, 2020, and for other purposes. S. 2040. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4636. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Restruc-turing of Regulations on the Importation of Plants for Planting’’ (RIN0579–AD75) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 20, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4637. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Navy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Program Ac-quisition Unit Cost (PAUC) for the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Mission Modules (MM) Program; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4638. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2018 annual report relative to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4639. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant General Counsel (Treasury)/Chief Coun-sel, Department of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 20, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4640. A communication from the Chair-man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare Payment Policy’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4641. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modification to Revenue Procedure 2018–4’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018– 19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4642. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Issuance of Opinion and Advisory Letters for Pre-approved De-fined Benefit Plans for the Second Six-Year Cycle, Deadline for Employer Adoption of the Pre-approved Plans, and Opening of De-termination Letter Program for the Pre-ap-proved Plan Adopters’’ (Announcement 2018– 05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4643. A communication from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting a report relative to the ongoing negotiations in the World Trade Organization (WTO) known as the WTO Environmental Goods Agreement (EGA); to the Committee on Finance. EC–4644. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the extension of waiver authority for Belarus; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4645. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the extension of waiver authority for Turkmenistan; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4646. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0024—2018–0029); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4647. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Ben-jamin A. Gilman International Scholarship Program for 2016; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–4648. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Ben-jamin A. Gilman International Scholarship Program for 2015; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–4649. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a waiver of section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 regarding the Pal-estine Liberation Organization Office; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4650. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘United States Par-ticipation in the United Nations in 2013’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4651. A communication from the Chair-man, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Credit Union Administration’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4652. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Office of Equal Employment Opportunity, Central Intelligence Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 70. A bill to amend the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act to increase the trans-parency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–217). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 374. A bill to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, fi-nance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to im-prove, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products (Rept. No. 115– 218). By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2018’’ (Rept. No. 115–219). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 426. A resolution supporting the goals of International Women’s Day. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 429. A resolution commemorating the 59th anniversary of Tibet’s 1959 uprising as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day’’, and expressing support for the human rights and religious freedom of the Tibetan people and the Ti-betan Buddhist faith community. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: H.R. 1660. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of glob-al health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Thomas T. Cullen, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years. Robert K. Hur, of Maryland, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maryland for the term of four years. David C. Joseph, of Louisiana, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Louisiana for the term of four years. By Mr. BURR for the Select Committee on Intelligence. *Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Paul M. Nakasone, to be General. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.024 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1947 March 22, 2018 
respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2589. A bill to amend title V of the Pub-lic Health Service Act to establish a grant program to create comprehensive opioid re-covery centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 2590. A bill to authorize previously ap-propriated resources for communities to ad-dress persistent or historical crime through collaborative cross-sector partnerships; to the Committee on the Judiciary . By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2591. A bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitra-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. ERNST: S. 2592. A bill to establish a competitive bidding process for the relocation of the headquarters of Executive agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. G RAHAM , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B
URR, and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 2593. A bill to protect the administra-tion of Federal elections against cybersecu-rity threats; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MURPHY: S. 2594. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion of gain or loss from the sale or exchange of cer-tain brownfield sites from unrelated business taxable income, and to extend expensing of environmental remediation costs; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 2595. A bill to amend the Zimbabwe De-mocracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 2596. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to amend the process by which students with certain special cir-cumstances apply for Federal financial aid; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. R EED, Mr. P ERDUE , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2597. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that oper-ate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mrs. GILLIBRAND , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 2598. A bill to establish State-Federal partnerships to provide students the oppor-tunity to attain higher education as in-State public institutions of higher education with-out debt, to provide Federal Pell Grant eligi-bility to DREAMer students, to repeal sus-pension of eligibility under the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 for drug-related offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH: S. 2599. A bill to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Min-nesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2600. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on indoor tanning services; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 2601. A bill to amend the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to extend the period during which the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office may set or adjust certain fees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. C APITO , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2602. A bill to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestra-tion projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 2603. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for qualified conservation con-tributions which include National Scenic Trails; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2604. A bill to amend the Oil Region Na-tional Heritage Area Act to reauthorize the Oil Region National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 2605. A bill to prohibit public companies from repurchasing their shares on the open market, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. U DALL ): S. 2606. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for training health professionals to treat opioid addiction and other substance use dis-orders through using technology-enabled models, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, and Mr. R EED): S. 2607. A bill to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, or law enforce-ment, with new tools to prevent gun vio-lence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. CAPITO ): S. 2608. A bill to provide that a risk evalua-tion and mitigation strategy communication plan may include information about Federal and State prescribing requirements for con-trolled substances; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2609. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants for State alco-hol and drug agencies to use recovery coach-es in hospital emergency departments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2610. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide co-ordinated care to patients who have experi-enced a non-fatal overdose after emergency department discharge, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEE: S. 2611. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to repeal the environmental qual-ity incentives program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 2612. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of clean technology consortia to en-hance the economic, environmental, and en-ergy security of the United States by pro-moting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. B
ARRASSO ): S. 2613. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve access to mental health services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2614. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to improve the conservation re-serve program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. SMITH (for herself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 2615. A bill to establish an interagency One Health Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. STABENOW: S. 2616. A bill to prioritize education and training for current and future members of the environmental health workforce; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 2617. A bill to recognize the National Aviation Cadet Museum of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 2618. A bill to amend subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to ensure that grant activities do not discourage the report-ing of violent offenses or interfere with Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement agen-cies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH: S. 2619. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to reau-thorize energy programs through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. PETERS: S. 2620. A bill to establish a Federal cyber joint duty program for cyber employees of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.030 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1948 March 22, 2018 
Federal agencies; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. 2621. A bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand cov-erage under the Act, to increase protections for whistleblowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , and Mr. L ANKFORD ): S. 2622. A bill to require directors of med-ical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs to submit plans to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on how to improve such fa-cilities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 2623. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify hours of service re-quirements to include all fish in the defini-tion of ‘‘agricultural commodity’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. L
EE): S. 2624. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to make adjustments to the envi-ronmental quality incentives program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , and Mr. C
ORKER ): S. 2625. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide for the payment of performance royalties to certain producers, mixers, and sound engineers of sound record-ings, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 2626. A bill to clarify the requirements for receiving certain grants through the Na-tional Mental Health and Substance Use Pol-icy Laboratory; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 2627. A bill to appropriately restrict sales of ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2628. A bill to reaffirm the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe reservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 2629. A bill to improve postal operations, service, and transparency; read the first time. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 2630. A bill to amend section 5707 of title 5, United States Code, to require the General Services Administration to make informa-tion regarding travel by the heads of Execu-tive agencies and other individuals in senior positions publicly available; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. GRAHAM: S.J. Res. 56. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Payday, Vehicle, Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans’’; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. TOOMEY , Mr. E NZI, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S.J. Res. 57. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. U DALL , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. Res. 441. A resolution honoring the ac-complishments and legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. Res. 442. A resolution expressing soli-darity with the United Kingdom after the nerve agent attack in Salisbury; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. R EED, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. E NZI, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. Res. 443. A resolution recognizing the 197th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. S MITH, Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. Res. 444. A resolution recognizing the heritage, culture, and contributions of Amer-ican Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Ha-waiian women in the United States; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 445. A resolution marking the 6- month anniversary of the devastation of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Is-lands by Hurricane Maria; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. Res. 446. A resolution designating March 25, 2018, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Aware-ness Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 447. A resolution designating March 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. MENENDEZ , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C ARPER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. R EED, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. S MITH, and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. Res. 448. A resolution designating March 2018 as ‘‘National Women’s History Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. I SAKSON , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. Res. 449. A resolution designating the first week of April 2018 as ‘‘National Asbes-tos Awareness Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. Res. 450. A resolution reaffirming the United States-Egypt partnership and the Egyptian people’s right to free, fair, credible, and peaceful elections on March 26, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. Res. 451. A resolution recognizing the significance of endometriosis as an unmet chronic disease for women and designating March 2018 as ‘‘Endometriosis Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contribu-tions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate de-velopment and availability, of prom-ising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 356 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 356, a bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to improve ac-cess to, and the delivery of, children’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.033 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1949 March 22, 2018 
health services through school-based health centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 548 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Sen-ator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 548, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low- income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 601 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 601, a bill to ensure that significantly more students graduate college with the international knowl-edge and experience essential for suc-cess in today’s global economy through the establishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Department of Education. 
S. 834 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 834, a bill to authorize the appropriation of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting research on firearms safety or gun violence preven-tion. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to ci-vilian trauma centers in order to main-tain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1212, a bill to provide fam-ily members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1539, a bill to protect victims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1774, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance trans-parency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 1996 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1996, a bill to require Federal agencies to address environmental jus-tice, to require consideration of cumu-lative impacts in certain permitting decisions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2143 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2143, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment, to expand coverage under such Act, to provide a process for achieving initial collective bargaining agree-ments, and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2448 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2448, a bill to provide for the issuance of a rule to advance next- generation technologies to provide al-ternatives to hydrofluorocarbons, and for other purposes. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. PERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2495 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2495, a bill to reauthorize the grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
S. 2513 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2513, a bill to improve school safety and mental health services. 
S. 2521 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2521, a bill to authorize the issuance of extreme risk protection or-ders. 
S. 2538 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2538, a bill to prohibit an increase in duties on imports of steel and aluminum. 
S. 2543 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2543, a bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide grants to develop and enhance, or to evaluate, kinship navigator pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2551, a bill to modernize United States international food assistance programs made available through the Food for Peace Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2574 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2574, a bill to provide rental assistance to low-income ten-ants of certain multifamily rural hous-ing projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide ad-vanced notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decen-nial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2580 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2580, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to make clear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.035 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1950 March 22, 2018 
that each decennial census, as required for the apportionment of Representa-tives in Congress among the several States, shall tabulate the total number of persons in each State, and to provide that no information regarding United States citizenship or immigration sta-tus may be elicited in any such census. 
S. 2582 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2582, a bill to provide health insurance reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2584, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orienta-tion or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 432, a resolution congratulating the Baltic states of Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania on the 100th anniversary of their declarations of independence. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 2596. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to amend the process by which students with certain special circumstances apply for Fed-eral financial aid; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would like to bring the Senate’s attention to Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Fairness Act of 2018, the common sense legislation I am intro-ducing with the junior Senator from Maryland today. This legislation seeks to eliminate a barrier that potential college students with difficult personal and financial circumstances face when applying for Federal financial aid. This body has worked to improve the college application process for students and their families over the last several years and successfully lobbied the De-partment of Education to allow stu-dents and their families to submit their FAFSA application in October and utilize prior-prior year tax data. These changes provide future college students and their families with sev-eral months to submit their financial information instead of a short time frame between January and February to meet State and institutional based deadlines for need- and merit-based fi-nancial aid programs. These steps have made it easier to students to sit with their families and make informed fi-nancial decisions on which college or university will provide the student with the highest quality yet least ex-pensive college education. Despite our work, a number of our students are being left behind and can-not take advantage of these changes. Those students, who face difficult per-sonal and financial situations, includ-ing those who have left home due to abusive family environments, have par-ents who are incarcerated, or are un-able to locate their parents are unable to fill out the FAFSA application. Rather than fill out one universal Fed-eral financial aid application form, a potential college student must contact each institution they are applying to and undergo a ‘‘dependency override’’ process before a college or university will put together an estimated finan-cial aid package for the student. Under this process, a student applying to one university in my state must submit nine different pieces of financial infor-mation, personal statement, and ref-erences in order to verify their inde-pendent status. These students, often first generation students unfamiliar with the process for applying to school, may give up on the dependency over-ride process and fail to finish the col-lege application process or leave sig-nificant Federal financial aid on the table. The FAFSA Fairness Act would seek to correct this inequity for some of our most vulnerable students. If enacted, my legislation would allow students in these difficult personal and financial circumstances to fill out a FAFSA as a ‘‘provisional independent’’ student that colleges and universities would be able to provide those students with an ini-tial financial aid award package. Once the student has had the opportunity to review the financial aid award pack-ages from the schools they applied to and selected the school of their choice, that school’s financial aid administra-tors will work with the student to com-plete the ‘‘dependency override’’ proc-ess and finalize the student’s financial aid award package. I’m proud to lead the Senate efforts with my seatmate from Maryland and appreciate the work of my colleague from Maryland’s 7th Congressional Dis-trict to lead this effort in the House of Representatives. I urge my colleagues to join in this effort to help students achieve their dream of higher edu-cation despite their difficult family and financial circumstances. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the joint resolu-tion be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the joint resolution was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2596 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FAFSA Fairness Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CHANGES TO THE FAFSA FOR CERTAIN STUDENTS. 
Section 483 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090) is amended— (1) in subsection (h)(1), by inserting the fol-lowing before the semicolon: ‘‘, including the special circumstances under which a student may qualify for a determination of independ-ence’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) PROVISIONAL INDEPENDENT STUDENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THE SECRETARY .— The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) enable each student who, based on the special circumstance specified in subsection (h)(1), may qualify for an adjustment under section 479A that will result in a determina-tion of independence under such section and section 480(d)(1)(I), to complete the forms de-veloped by the Secretary under subsection (a) as an independent student for the purpose of an initial determination of the student’s Federal financial aid award by a financial aid administrator at an institution of higher education to which the student is applying for financial aid, but subject to verification under paragraph (2)(B) for the purpose of the final determination of the award; and ‘‘(B) specify, on the forms, the con-sequences under section 490(a) of knowingly and willfully completing the forms as an independent student under subparagraph (A) without meeting the special circumstances to qualify for such a determination. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR FINANCIAL AID AD -
MINISTRATORS .—With respect to a student who completes the forms as an independent student under paragraph (1)(A), a financial aid administrator shall— ‘‘(A) provide an initial determination of the student’s Federal financial aid award to the student in the same manner as, and by not later than the date that, the adminis-trator provides other independent students their initial determinations of Federal finan-cial aid awards; and ‘‘(B) in making a final determination of the student’s Federal financial aid award, use the discretion provided under sections 479A and 480(d)(1)(I) to verify whether the student meets the special circumstances to qualify as an independent student. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘other independent stu-dents’ means students— ‘‘(A) who meet the definition of ‘inde-pendent’ under section 480(d)(1); and ‘‘(B) whose independent status is not sub-ject to verification by a financial aid admin-istrator under paragraph (2)(B).’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 441—HON-ORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND LEGACY OF CESAR ESTRADA CHAVEZ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. U
DALL , and Ms. W ARREN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 441 Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was born on March 31, 1927, near Yuma, Arizona; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez spent his early years on a family farm; Whereas, at the age of 10, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez joined the thousands of migrant farm workers laboring in fields and vineyards throughout the Southwest after a bank fore-closure resulted in the loss of the family farm; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.037 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1951 March 22, 2018 
Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez, after at-tending more than 30 elementary and middle schools and achieving an eighth grade edu-cation, left school to work full-time as a farm worker to help support his family; Whereas, at the age of 17, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez entered the United States Navy and served the United States with distinction for 2 years; Whereas, in 1948, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez re- turned from military service to marry Helen Fabela, whom he had met while working in the vineyards of central California; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez and Helen Fabela had 8 children; Whereas, as early as 1949, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was committed to organizing farm workers to campaign for safe and fair work-ing conditions, reasonable wages, livable housing, and the outlawing of child labor; Whereas, in 1952, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez joined the Community Service Organization, a prominent Latino civil rights group, and worked with the organization to coordinate voter registration drives and conduct cam-paigns against discrimination in east Los Angeles; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez served as the national director of the Community Service Organization; Whereas, in 1962, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez left the Community Service Organization to es-tablish the National Farm Workers Associa-tion, which eventually became the United Farm Workers of America; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was a strong believer in the principles of non-violence practiced by Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez effectively used peaceful tactics that included fasting for 25 days in 1968, 25 days in 1972, and 38 days in 1988 to call attention to the terrible work-ing and living conditions of farm workers in the United States; Whereas, through his commitment to non-violence, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez brought dig-nity and respect to the organized farm work-ers and became an inspiration to and a re-source for individuals engaged in human rights struggles throughout the world; Whereas the influence of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez extends far beyond agriculture and provides inspiration for individuals working to better human rights, empower workers, and advance the American Dream, which in-cludes all individuals of the United States; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez died on April 23, 1993, at the age of 66 in San Luis, Arizona, only miles from his birthplace; Whereas more than 50,000 people attended the funeral services of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez in Delano, California; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was laid to rest at the headquarters of the United Farm Workers of America, known as ‘‘Nuestra Sen˜ora de La Paz’’, located in the Tehachapi Mountains in Keene, California; Whereas, since the death of Ce´sar Estrada 
Cha´vez, schools, parks, streets, libraries, and other public facilities, as well as awards and scholarships, have been named in his honor; Whereas more than 10 States and dozens of communities across the United States honor the life and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez each year on March 31; Whereas March 31 is recognized as an offi-cial State holiday in California, Colorado, and Texas, and there is growing support to designate the birthday of Cesar Estrada Cha-vez as a national day of service to memori-alize his heroism; Whereas, during his lifetime, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was a recipient of the Martin Luther King Jr. Peace Prize; Whereas, on August 8, 1994, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was posthumously awarded the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom; Whereas, on October 8, 2012, President Barack Obama authorized the Secretary of the Interior to establish a Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez National Monument in Keene, Cali-fornia; Whereas President Barack Obama was the last President to honor the life and service of Cesar Estrada Chavez by proclaiming March 31, 2016, to be ‘‘Cesar Chavez Day’’ and by asking all people of the United States to ob-serve March 31 with service, community, and education programs to honor the enduring legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez; and Whereas the United States should continue the efforts of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez to ensure equality, justice, and dignity for all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the accomplishments and ex-ample of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez, a great hero of the United States; (2) pledges to promote the legacy of Ce ´sar Estrada Cha´vez; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to commemorate the legacy of Ce ´sar Estrada Cha´vez and to always remember his great rallying cry, ‘‘≠Sı´, se puede!’’, which is Spanish for ‘‘Yes, we can!’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 442—EX-PRESSING SOLIDARITY WITH THE UNITED KINGDOM AFTER THE NERVE AGENT ATTACK IN SALISBURY Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations.: 
S. R ES. 442 Whereas the United States and the United Kingdom have a special relationship ground-ed in the rule of law, democratic principles, a common language, and a strong commit-ment to peace and security; Whereas, on August 14, 1941, President Franklin Roosevelt and Prime Minister Win-ston Churchill issued the Atlantic Charter, which defined American and British war aims and laid the foundation for a post-war international system founded on free trade and freedom of the seas that persists to this day; Whereas, on March 5, 1946, Winston Churchill delivered his ‘‘Iron Curtain Speech’’ in Fulton, Missouri, stating, ‘‘Nei-ther the sure prevention of war, nor the con-tinuous rise of world organization will be gained without what I have called the fra-ternal association of the English-speaking peoples. . . a special relationship between the British Commonwealth and Empire and the United States.’’; Whereas the United States and the United Kingdom have stood side by side through two World Wars, the Korean War, the Cold War, the Gulf War, and the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan with Americans and Britons fighting and dying together to defend our common interests and principles; Whereas the United States and the United Kingdom have played central roles in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and are critical to maintaining its future strength; Whereas, in the 1970s and 1980s, scientists in the Soviet Union developed a group of ad-vanced nerve agents, known as ‘‘Novichok’’, designed to escape detection by inter-national inspectors; Whereas Russia is party to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Pro-duction, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction, done at Paris January 13, 1993 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chemical Weapons Convention’’), which clearly prohibits the production and use of chemical weapons; Whereas former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko was killed by a radioactive sub-stance in London in November 2006, and an inquiry by the Government of the United Kingdom found that President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin ‘‘probably’’ ap-proved the murder; Whereas, on March 4, 2018, Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia Skripal, were found unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury, United Kingdom; Whereas dozens of British civilians and first responders were exposed to the nerve agent, a British police officer who responded to the attack remains seriously ill, and the lives of innocent British citizens and resi-dents of Salisbury have been endangered; Whereas, on March 12, 2018, Theresa May, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, in a speech before the House of Commons, noted that the attack was conducted ‘‘with a mili-tary-grade nerve agent of a type developed by Russia. This is part of a group of nerve agents known as ‘Novichok’’’; Whereas, on March 12, 2018, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson noted the nerve agent ‘‘came from Russia’’ and ‘‘does not exist widely’’, and that its use would ‘‘certainly trigger a response’’; Whereas, on March 14, 2018, the United Kingdom expelled 23 Russian diplomats iden-tified as undeclared intelligence officers; Whereas, on March 14, 2018, United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the United States ‘‘stands in ab-solute solidarity’’ with the United Kingdom and that ‘‘the United States believes that Russia is responsible for the attack’’; and Whereas, on March 15, 2018, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany issued a joint statement and noted the incident ‘‘constitutes the first offensive use of a nerve agent in Europe since the Sec-ond World War’’ and that ‘‘there is no plau-sible alternative explanation’’ to Russia’s re-sponsibility for the attack: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the special relationship be-tween the United States and the United Kingdom; (2) expresses its solidarity with the people of Salisbury and the United Kingdom; (3) reiterates its commitment to collective defense and security through NATO; (4) wishes for the full recovery of Sergei Skripal, his daughter, and the British police official seriously injured in the attack; (5) condemns the indiscriminate and reck-less assault by the Government of the Rus-sian Federation on United Kingdom sov-ereignty, and notes that any use of a nerve agent by a state party is a clear contraven-tion of the Chemical Weapons Convention and a violation of international law; (6) calls on the Government of the Russian Federation to fully and completely answer questions related to the chemical attack and also provide full and comprehensive disclo-sure of its Novichok program to the Organi-zation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weap-ons (OPCW); and (7) urges the President of the United States to personally condemn the attack in clear, unambiguous terms and to take propor-tionate, measured, and defensive retaliatory actions against the Government of the Rus-sian Federation in coordination with United States allies in Europe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.042 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1952 March 22, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 443—RECOG-NIZING THE 197TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF GREECE AND CELEBRATING DE-MOCRACY IN GREECE AND THE UNITED STATES Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R
EED, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. E NZI, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 443 Whereas the people of ancient Greece de-veloped the concept of democracy, in which the supreme power to govern was vested in the people; Whereas the founding fathers of the United States, many of whom read Greek political philosophy in the original Greek language, drew heavily on the political experience and philosophy of ancient Greece in forming the representative democracy of the United States; Whereas Petros Mavromichalis, the former Commander in Chief of Greece and a founder of the modern Greek state, said to the citi-zens of the United States in 1821, ‘‘It is in your land that liberty has fixed her abode and . . . in imitating you, we shall imitate our ancestors and be thought worthy of them if we succeed in resembling you.’’; Whereas the Greek national anthem, the ‘‘Hymn to Liberty’’, includes the words, ‘‘most heartily was gladdened George Wash-ington’s brave land’’; Whereas the people of the United States generously offered humanitarian assistance to the people of Greece during their struggle for independence; Whereas Greece heroically resisted Axis forces at a crucial moment in World War II, forcing Adolf Hitler to change his timeline and delaying the attack on Russia; Whereas Winston Churchill said that ‘‘if there had not been the virtue and courage of the Greeks, we do not know which the out-come of World War II would have been’’ and ‘‘no longer will we say that Greeks fight like heroes, but that heroes fight like Greeks’’; Whereas hundreds of thousands of the peo-ple of Greece were killed during World War II; Whereas Greece consistently allied with the United States in major international conflicts throughout the 20th century; Whereas Greece is a strategic partner and ally of the United States in bringing polit-ical stability and economic development to the volatile Balkan region, having invested billions of dollars in the countries of the re-gion and having contributed more than $750,000,000 in development aid for the region; Whereas the Government and people of Greece actively participate in peacekeeping and peace-building operations conducted by international organizations, including the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe; Whereas Greece received worldwide praise for its extraordinary handling during the 2004 Olympic Games of more than 14,000 ath-letes and more than 2,000,000 spectators and journalists, a feat the Government and peo-ple of Greece handled efficiently, securely, and with hospitality; Whereas Greece, located in a region where Christianity meets Islam and Judaism, maintains excellent relations with Muslim countries and Israel; Whereas Greece remains an integral part of the European Union; Whereas the Government of Greece has taken important steps in recent years to fur-ther cross-cultural understanding, rap-prochement, and cooperation in various fields with Turkey, and has also improved its relations with other countries in the region, including Israel, thus enhancing the sta-bility of the wider region; Whereas the Governments and people of Greece and the United States are at the fore-front of efforts to advance freedom, democ-racy, peace, stability, and human rights; Whereas those efforts and similar ideals have forged a close bond between the people of Greece and the United States; and Whereas it is proper and desirable for the United States to celebrate March 25, 2018, Greek Independence Day, with the people of Greece and to reaffirm the democratic prin-ciples from which those two great countries were founded: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) extends warm congratulations and best wishes to the people of Greece as they cele-brate the 197th anniversary of the independ-ence of Greece; (2) expresses support for the principles of democratic governance to which the people of Greece are committed; and (3) notes the important role that Greece has played in the wider European region and in the community of nations since gaining its independence 197 years ago. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 444—RECOG-NIZING THE HERITAGE, CUL-TURE, AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NA-TIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN WOMEN IN THE UNITED STATES Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. S MITH, Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. D AINES , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs: 
S. R ES. 444 Whereas the United States celebrates Na-tional Women’s History Month every March to recognize and honor the achievements of women throughout the history of the United States; Whereas an estimated 3,081,000 American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women live in the United States; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women helped shape the history of their communities, Tribes, and the United States; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women contribute to their communities, Tribes, and the United States through work in many industries, in-cluding business, education, science, medi-cine, literature, fine arts, military service, and public service; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have fought to defend and protect the sovereign rights of Native Nations; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have dem-onstrated resilience and courage in the face of a history of threatened existence, con-stant removals, and relocations; Whereas more than 6,000 American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women bravely serve as members of the United States Armed Forces; Whereas more than 17,000 American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women are veterans who have made lasting con-tributions to the United States military; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women broke down his-torical gender barriers to enlistment in the military, including— (1) Inupiat Eskimo sharpshooter Laura Beltz Wright of the Alaska Territorial Guard during World War II; and (2) Minnie Spotted Wolf of the Blackfeet Tribe, the first Native American woman to enlist in the United States Marine Corps in 1943; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have made the ultimate sacrifice for the United States, in-cluding Lori Ann Piestewa, a member of the Hopi Tribe and the first woman in the United States military killed in the Iraq War in 2003; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have contrib-uted to the economic development of Native Nations and the United States as a whole, in-cluding Elouise Cobell of the Blackfeet Tribe, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, who— (1) served as the treasurer of her Tribe; (2) founded the first Tribally-owned na-tional bank; and (3) led the fight against Federal mis-management of funds held in trust for more than 500,000 Native Americans; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women own an esti-mated 154,900 businesses; Whereas these Native women-owned busi-nesses employ more than 50,000 workers and generate over $10,000,000,000 in revenues as of 2016; Whereas American Indian and Alaska Na-tive women have opened an average of more than 17 new businesses each day since 2007; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have made sig-nificant contributions to the field of medi-cine, including Susan La Flesche Picotte of the Omaha Tribe, who is widely acknowl-edged as the first Native American to earn a medical degree; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have contrib-uted to important scientific advancements, including— (1) Floy Agnes Lee of Santa Clara Pueblo, who— (A) worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II; and (B) pioneered research on radiation biol-ogy and cancer; and (2) Native Hawaiian Isabella Kauakea Yau Yung Aiona Abbott, who— (A) was the first woman on the biological sciences faculty at Stanford University; and (B) was awarded the highest award in marine botany from the National Academy of Sciences, the Gilbert Morgan Smith medal, in 1997; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have achieved distinctive honors in the art of dance, in-cluding Maria Tall Chief of the Osage Nation the first major prima ballerina of the United States and was a recipient of a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Kennedy Cen-ter; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have accom-plished notable literary achievements, in-cluding Northern Paiute author Sarah 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.043 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1953 March 22, 2018 
Winnemucca Hopkins who wrote and pub-lished one of the first Native American auto-biographies in United States history in 1883; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have regularly led efforts to revitalize and maintain Native cultures and languages, including— (1) Tewa linguist and teacher Esther Mar-tinez, who developed a Tewa dictionary and was credited with revitalizing the Tewa lan-guage; and (2) Native Hawaiian scholar Mary Kawena Pukui, who published more than 50 academic works and was considered the most noted Hawaiian translator of the 20th century; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have excelled in athletic competition and created opportuni-ties for other female athletes within their sport, including Rell Kapoliokaehukai Sunn who— (1) ranked as longboard surfing champion of the world; and (2) co-founded the Women’s Professional Surfing Association in 1975, the first profes-sional surfing tour for women; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have played a vital role in advancing civil rights, pro-tecting human rights, and safeguarding the environment, including Elizabeth Wana-maker Peratrovich of the Tlingit Nation who helped secure the passage of the Anti-Dis-crimination Act of 1945 of the Alaska Terri-tory, the first anti-discrimination law in the United States; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have succeeded as judges, attorneys, and legal advocates, in-cluding Eliza ‘‘Lyda’’ Conley, a Wyandot- American lawyer and the first Native woman admitted to argue a case before the United States Supreme Court in 1909; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women have paved the way for women in the law, including Native Hawaiian Emma Kailikapiolono Metcalf Beckley Nakuina who served as the first fe-male judge in Hawaii; Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women are dedicated public servants, holding important positions in State governments, local governments, the Federal judicial branch, and the Federal executive Branches; Whereas American Indian and Alaska Na-tive women have served as remarkable Trib-al councilwomen, Tribal court judges, and Tribal leaders, including Wilma Mankiller, the first woman elected to serve as Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation who fought for Tribal self-determination and improvement of the community infrastructure of her Tribe; Whereas Native Hawaiian women have also led their People through notable acts of pub-lic service, including Kaahumanu who was the first Native Hawaiian woman to serve as regent of the Kingdom of Hawaii; Whereas the United States should continue to invest in the future of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women to address the barriers they face, including access to justice, health care, and opportuni-ties for educational and economic advance-ment; and Whereas American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women are the life givers, the culture bearers, and the care-takers of Native peoples who have made pre-cious contributions enriching the lives of all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) celebrates and honors the successes of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women and the contributions they have made and continue to make to the United States; and (2) recognizes the importance of supporting equity, providing safety, and upholding the interests of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 445—MARK-ING THE 6-MONTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DEVASTATION OF PUER-TO RICO AND THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS BY HURRICANE MARIA Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. W YDEN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 445 Whereas, on September 13, 2017, the Na-tional Hurricane Center began tracking a tropical wave that ultimately became Hurri-cane Maria; Whereas Hurricane Maria became the tenth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record and the most intense tropical storm of the 2017 season; Whereas, on September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico as a Cat-egory 4 storm with sustained wind speeds of 155 miles per hour; Whereas Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘U.S. Vir-gin Islands’’) just 14 days after Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were hit by Hur-ricane Irma; Whereas, on March 20, 2018, the people of the United States that live in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands will mark 6 months since Hurricane Maria nearly de-stroyed Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands; Whereas, 6 months since Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico, more than 120,000 people are still without electricity, and hundreds of thousands of people con-tinue to lose power on a temporary basis; Whereas Puerto Rico remains under a state of emergency and reconstruction efforts are still underway; Whereas tens of thousands of people in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are still awaiting permanent shelter; Whereas more than 67,000 households in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands needed blue roof tarps as a form of tem-porary roofing for homes; Whereas Puerto Rico was struggling with a severe debt crisis and a deteriorating health care system prior to Hurricane Maria, the ef-fects of which have exacerbated the suffering in Puerto Rico; Whereas more than 700,000 cubic yards of debris, or the equivalent of 190 Olympic-sized swimming pools, have been collected in the U.S. Virgin Islands; Whereas approximately 3,900,000 cubic yards of debris need removal from Puerto Rico; Whereas, when calculating customer hours of lost electricity service, Puerto Rico is ex-periencing the longest blackout in the his-tory of the United States; Whereas thousands of Puerto Ricans have relocated to the mainland of the United States as a result of Hurricane Maria; Whereas the official death toll from Hurri-cane Maria stands at 64 victims in Puerto Rico; and Whereas research suggests that the actual direct and indirect death toll from Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico may be more than 1,000 victims: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) remains profoundly concerned with the continuing crisis plaguing Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands (referred to in this resolving clause as the ‘‘U.S. Virgin Islands’’) as a result of Hurricane Maria; and (2) pledges continued support to— (A) the millions of citizens of the United States living in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands; and (B) to the citizens of the United States who have relocated from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to the mainland of the United States in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. f SENATE RESOLUTION 446—DESIG-NATING MARCH 25, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL CEREBRAL PALSY AWARENESS DAY’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 446 Whereas a group of permanent disorders of the development of movement and posture that are attributed to nonprogressive dis-turbances that occur in the developing brain is referred to as ‘‘cerebral palsy’’; Whereas cerebral palsy, the most common motor disability in children, is caused by damage to 1 or more specific areas of the de-veloping brain, which usually occurs during fetal development before, during, or after birth; Whereas the majority of children who have cerebral palsy are born with cerebral palsy, but cerebral palsy may be undetected for months or years; Whereas 75 percent of individuals with cer-ebral palsy also have 1 or more develop-mental disabilities, including epilepsy, intel-lectual disability, autism, visual impair-ment, or blindness; Whereas, according to information re-leased by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention— (1) the prevalence of cerebral palsy is not changing over time; and (2) an estimated 1 in 323 children has cere-bral palsy; Whereas approximately 764,000 individuals in the United States are affected by cerebral palsy; Whereas, although there is no cure for cer-ebral palsy, treatment often improves the capabilities of a child with cerebral palsy; Whereas scientists and researchers are hopeful for breakthroughs in cerebral palsy research; Whereas researchers across the United States conduct important research projects involving cerebral palsy; and Whereas the Senate can raise awareness of cerebral palsy in the public and the medical community: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 25, 2018, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day’’; (2) encourages each individual in the United States to become better informed about and aware of cerebral palsy; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Executive Director of Reaching for the Stars: A Foundation of Hope for Chil-dren with Cerebral Palsy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.044 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1954 March 22, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 447—DESIG-NATING MARCH 22, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL REHABILITATION COUN-SELORS APPRECIATION DAY’’ Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 447 Whereas rehabilitation counselors support individuals with disabilities by— (1) conducting assessments; (2) providing counseling; (3) supporting families; and (4) assisting in the development of individ-ualized plans for employment for individuals with disabilities who are in need of rehabili-tation; Whereas the purpose of professional orga-nizations for rehabilitation counseling and education is to promote the improvement of rehabilitation services available to individ-uals with disabilities through quality edu-cation for counselors and rehabilitation re-search; Whereas various professional organizations have vigorously advocated for up-to-date education and training and the maintenance of professional standards in the field of reha-bilitation counseling and education, includ-ing— (1) the National Rehabilitation Associa-tion; (2) the Rehabilitation Counselors and Edu-cators Association; (3) the National Council on Rehabilitation Education; (4) the National Rehabilitation Counseling Association; (5) the American Rehabilitation Coun-seling Association; (6) the Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification; (7) the Council of State Administrators of Vocational Rehabilitation; and (8) the Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation; Whereas, in March of 1983, the president of the National Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation testified before the Subcommittee on Select Education of the Committee on Edu-cation and Labor of the House of Representa-tives and was instrumental in bringing to the attention of Congress the need for quali-fied rehabilitation counselors; and Whereas credentialed rehabilitation coun-selors provide a higher quality of service to individuals in need of rehabilitation and the development of an accreditation system for rehabilitation counselors supports the con-tinued education of rehabilitation coun-selors: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day’’; and (2) commends— (A) rehabilitation counselors for their dedication and hard work in providing coun-seling to individuals with disabilities who are in need of rehabilitation; and (B) professional organizations for their ef-forts in assisting individuals with disabil-ities who are in need of rehabilitation. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 448—DESIG-NATING MARCH 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH’’ Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C ARPER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. R EED, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. KAINE, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K
ING, Mr. C OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. S MITH, and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 448 Whereas National Women’s History Month recognizes and spreads awareness of the im-portance of women in the history of the United States; Whereas throughout the history of the United States, whether in the home, their workplace, school, the courts, or in wartime, women have fought for themselves, their families, and all people of the United States; Whereas, even from the early days of the history of the United States, Abigail Adams urged her husband to ‘‘Remember the ladies’’ when representatives met for the Conti-nental Congress in 1776; Whereas women were particularly impor-tant in the establishment of early chari-table, philanthropic, and cultural institu-tions in the United States; Whereas women led the efforts to secure suffrage and equal opportunity for women, and also served in the abolitionist move-ment, the emancipation movement, labor movements, civil rights movements, and other causes to create a more fair and just society for all; Whereas suffragists wrote, marched, were arrested, and ultimately succeeded in achieving the enactment of the 19th Amend-ment of the Constitution of the United States, section 1 of which provides that ‘‘The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex’’, as well as the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.), which extended the pro-tection of the right to vote to women of color and language minorities; Whereas women have been and continue to step up as leaders in the forefront of social change efforts, business, science, govern-ment, math, art, literature, music, film, ath-letics, and more; Whereas women now represent approxi-mately half of the workforce of the United States; Whereas women once were routinely barred from attending medical schools of the United States, but now are enrolling in medical schools of the United States at higher num-bers than men; Whereas women previously were turned away from law school, but now represent ap-proximately half of law students in the United States; Whereas women have been vital to the mis-sion of the Armed Forces since the American Revolution, serving in volunteer and enlisted positions, with more than 200,000 active-duty servicewomen and 2,000,000 veterans rep-resenting every branch of service; Whereas more than 10,000,000 women own businesses in the United States; Whereas Jeannette Rankin of Montana was the first woman elected to the House of Rep-resentatives in 1916 and Hattie Wyatt Cara-way of Arkansas was the first woman elected to the United States Senate in 1932; Whereas Margaret Chase Smith of Maine was the first woman to serve in both houses of Congress; Whereas, in the 115th Congress, a record 22 women serve as United States Senators, and 89 women serve in the House of Representa-tives; Whereas President Jimmy Carter issued the first Presidential Proclamation desig-nating March 2 through 8, 1980, as ‘‘National Women’s History Week’’; Whereas, in 1987, a bipartisan group of Sen-ators introduced the first joint resolution to pass Congress designating ‘‘Women’s History Month’’; Whereas President Ronald Reagan issued the first ‘‘Women’s History Month’’ Presi-dential Proclamation in 1987; and Whereas, despite the advancements of women in the United States, much remains to be done to ensure that women realize their full potential as equal members of soci-ety in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 2018 as ‘‘National Women’s History Month’’; (2) recognizes the celebration of ‘‘National Women’s History Month’’ as a time to reflect on the many notable contributions that women have made to the United States; (3) urges the people of the United States to observe ‘‘National Women’s History Month’’ with appropriate programs and activities. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month to reflect on the remarkable contributions women have made to the United States and the challenges we must still face today to ensure women are able to realize their full potential as equal partners in American society. For over 30 years, we have set aside this month to pay tribute to the amaz-ing women who have fought tirelessly for themselves, their families, and all Americans. I look back on their courage with great admiration and continue to be in-spired by those who blazed the trail for women like me. When I first came to Washington in 1992, they called it the ‘‘Year of the Woman,’’ with four women being elected to the Senate. Today, we have a record 22 women serving in the United States Senate and 89 women serving in the House of Representatives. Even at record levels, women only account for about 20 percent of the 115th Congress, which falls far short of the 51 percent of our nation’s popu-lation that are women. Still, women have proven themselves as true political forces and I have great hope for the next generations of women who will also lead the way in building a better California and United States. Women have been and continue to step up as leaders in the forefront of social change efforts, business, science, government, math, art, literature, music, film, athletics, and more. Today, half of our workforce is made up of women and more than 10 million American businesses are women owned. Where women were once turned away from attending medical and law schools, enrollment numbers are now almost evenly split between men and women. Women have risen to the top of For-tune 500 companies and fill the domes of capitols and the halls of universities. Women now also have a larger role in the U.S. Armed Forces, with more than 200,000 active-duty servicewomen proudly serving and 2 million veterans representing every branch of service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.046 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1955 March 22, 2018 
My utmost respect goes out to these women warriors who selflessly an-swered the call to duty and served with honor, courage, and distinction. As a United States Senator proudly representing California, I have seen first-hand some of the millions of out-standing women who achieve great-ness. As we celebrate the stories of Amer-ican women who defied all odds to ac-complish the unprecedented, we must also honor their legacies by continuing to defend the rights they worked so hard to achieve. We have fought together on so many issues that affect women, families, and all Americans. During this month, I in-vite all women to pledge to continue this fight together and never relent on these important issues. Thank you Mr. President and I yield the floor. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 449—DESIG-NATING THE FIRST WEEK OF APRIL 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL AS-BESTOS AWARENESS WEEK’’ Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. I SAKSON , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 449 Whereas dangerous asbestos fibers are in-visible and cannot be smelled or tasted; Whereas the inhalation of airborne asbes-tos fibers can cause significant damage; Whereas asbestos fibers can cause cancer (such as mesothelioma), asbestosis, and other health problems; Whereas symptoms of asbestos-related dis-eases can take between 10 and 50 years to present themselves; Whereas the projected life expectancy for an individual diagnosed with mesothelioma is between 6 and 24 months; Whereas generally, little is known about late-stage treatment of asbestos-related dis-eases, and there is no cure for those diseases; Whereas early detection of asbestos-re-lated diseases may give some patients in-creased treatment options and might im-prove the prognoses of those patients; Whereas while the consumption of asbestos within the United States has been substan-tially reduced, the United States continues to consume tons of the fibrous mineral each year for use in certain products throughout the United States; Whereas asbestos-related diseases have killed thousands of people in the United States; Whereas while exposure to asbestos con-tinues, safety and prevention of asbestos ex-posure already has significantly reduced the incidence of asbestos-related diseases and can further reduce the incidence of those dis-eases; Whereas thousands of workers in the United States face significant asbestos expo-sure, which has been a cause of occupational cancer; Whereas thousands of people in the United States die from asbestos-related diseases every year; Whereas a significant percentage of all as-bestos-related disease victims were exposed to asbestos on naval ships and in shipyards; Whereas asbestos was used in the construc-tion of a significant number of office build-ings and public facilities built before 1975; Whereas people in the small community of Libby, Montana, suffer from asbestos-related diseases, including mesothelioma, at a sig-nificantly higher rate than people in the United States as a whole; and Whereas the designation of a ‘‘National As-bestos Awareness Week’’ will raise public awareness about the prevalence of asbestos- related diseases and the dangers of asbestos exposure: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the first week of April 2018 as ‘‘National Asbestos Awareness Week’’; (2) urges the Surgeon General of the United States to warn and educate people about the public health issue of asbestos exposure, which may be hazardous to their health; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Office of the Surgeon General. f SENATE RESOLUTION 450—RE-AFFIRMING THE UNITED STATES-EGYPT PARTNERSHIP AND THE EGYPTIAN PEOPLE’S RIGHT TO FREE, FAIR, CRED-IBLE, AND PEACEFUL ELEC-TIONS ON MARCH 26, 2018 Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 450 Whereas the Governments of the United States and Egypt have long-shared a strong bilateral working relationship; Whereas respect for democracy, human rights, and civil liberties are fundamental principles of the United States and critical to our national security objectives; Whereas the Government and people of Egypt have played a critical role in global and regional politics; Whereas a strong United States-Egypt partnership is important for the peace, sta-bility, and prosperity of the Middle East; Whereas the people and Government of the United States have a deep and abiding inter-est in Egypt’s prosperity, political progress, and long-term stability; Whereas an inclusive government respon-sive to the needs of all of its citizens, includ-ing religious minorities, is vital for such sta-bility and prosperity; Whereas international and public con-fidence in any electoral process is an essen-tial element for advancing inclusive, rep-resentative forms of government; Whereas Egypt will hold a presidential election on March 26, 2018; Whereas the Department of State’s 2016 Human Rights Report noted that the 2015 parliamentary election raised ‘‘concern[s] about restrictions on freedoms of peaceful assembly, association, and expression and their negative effect on the political climate surrounding elections’’; Whereas the same report notes that the 2014 presidential election raised ‘‘serious concerns regarding constraints on the free-doms of expression and association and lim-its on freedom of the press leading up to the election which prevented free political par-ticipation and severely compromised the broader electoral environment’’; Whereas the Government of Egypt, through legal action and a highly restrictive new law, has created a hostile environment for nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), which provide essential services to the peo-ple of Egypt and for whom peaceful associa-tion for civic activities is a fundamental right; Whereas the United States Government re-programmed and withheld some assistance to Egypt in August 2017 due in part to the in-ability to certify, as required by Congress, ‘‘that Egypt is advancing democracy and human rights’’; Whereas the Department of State, in an August 23, 2017, press briefing, reported that it was ‘‘unable to certify that Egypt is ad-vancing democracy and human rights’’; Whereas, in January 2018, Department of State Spokesperson Heather Nauert affirmed that the United States supports ‘‘free and fair elections’’ in Egypt and said, ‘‘We sup-port a timely and credible electoral process and believe it needs to include the oppor-tunity for citizens to participate freely in Egyptian elections. We believe that that should include addressing restrictions on freedom of association, peaceful assembly, and also expression.’’; Whereas Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited Egypt on February 12, 2018, and stat-ed during a joint press availability with Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry, ‘‘With the presidential elections planned for the end of March, the United States, as it does in all countries, supports a transparent and credible electoral process, and all citi-zens being given the right and the oppor-tunity to participate freely and fairly.’’; Whereas President of Egypt Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, in a televised interview on Sep-tember 16, 2016, with CBS Evening News, said, ‘‘We uphold the principles of respecting people, of honoring their rights.’’; Whereas President el-Sisi has asserted his commitment to term limits and free and fair elections over the years, stating in a CNBC interview on November 6, 2017, ‘‘There is no president who will sit in the chair without the will of the Egyptian people. . . the one that is in the president’s seat will not be able to stay after the term allowed by the law and the constitution. And what deter-mines this will be the vote of the Egyptian people.’’; Whereas all credible opposition candidates in Egypt’s 2018 presidential election faced pressure, harassment, or arrest and subse-quently withdrew their candidacies; Whereas several prominent Egyptian oppo-sition politicians released a statement on January 28, 2018, calling for Egyptians ‘‘to boycott these elections. . . not only for the absence of the idea of electoral competition, but also because [it] is an obvious first step toward changing the Constitution, removing the limit on presidential terms and elimi-nating all chances of a peaceful transfer of power’’; Whereas, in the same statement, these po-litical figures went on to note that ‘‘the se-curity and administrative practices taken by the current system [are intended] to prevent any fair competition in the upcoming elec-tions. . . spreading a climate of security fear, media bias. . .and then with a tight schedule that does not provide a real oppor-tunity for competitors to put themselves and their programs forward’’; and Whereas the only current opposition can-didate, Mr. Moussa Mostafa Moussa, is from the Al-Ghad party, which has no seats in par-liament, and only a few days before declaring his candidacy led a campaign called ‘‘We Support’’ calling for el-Sisi’s reelection: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reasserts its commitment to the United States-Egypt partnership and to advancing the common interests of both countries; (2) recognizes that Egypt faces legitimate security threats and expresses condolences for the loss of life suffered by the Egyptian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.050 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1956 March 22, 2018 
people in attacks by violent extremist orga-nizations; (3) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to democracy, human rights, civil liberties, and the rule of law, including the universal rights of freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of association; (4) expresses support for human rights, civil liberties, and rule of law in Egypt, and for elections that are free, fair, and credible; (5) notes that a lack of progress in these areas will undermine Egypt’s security and economic stabilization; (6) supports the people of Egypt, who are entitled to determine their own destiny, in-cluding selecting their political leadership through a fair and credible electoral process without fear of or intimidation by their gov-ernment; (7) urges the Government of Egypt to take meaningful steps to enable free, fair, cred-ible, and peaceful elections in March 2018 and in the future; (8) expresses concern regarding the intimi-dation and detention of credible opposition candidates, as well as the restrictive envi-ronment for nongovernmental organizations and media; (9) calls on the United States Government, foreign governments, and parliaments to speak out in support of the right of the Egyptian people to free, fair, and credible elections; and (10) encourages the President to appoint an Assistant Secretary of State for Near East-ern Affairs and a United States Ambassador to Egypt to bolster diplomatic engagement with the Government of Egypt, electoral stakeholders, and civil society as well as consistently raise issues of human rights, rule of law, and governance. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 451—RECOG-NIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF ENDOMETRIOSIS AS AN UNMET CHRONIC DISEASE FOR WOMEN AND DESIGNATING MARCH 2018 AS ‘‘ENDOMETRIOSIS AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary : 
S. R ES. 451 Whereas 6,500,000 women in the United States are living with endometriosis; Whereas endometriosis is a chronic disease affecting 176,000,000 women throughout the world and an estimated 1 in 10 women in the United States ages 18 through 49; Whereas medical societies and patient groups including the Endometriosis Associa-tion, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the National Association of Nurse Practitioners in Women’s Health, the American Society for Reproductive Med-icine, and the American Social Health Asso-ciation all have expressed the need for great-er public attention and updated resources targeted to public education about this unmet health need for women; Whereas endometriosis occurs when tissue similar to that normally found in the uterus begins to grow outside the uterus; Whereas, while endometriosis is one of the most common gynecological disorders in the United States, there is a lack of awareness and prioritization of endometriosis as an im-portant health issue for women; Whereas women can suffer up to 6 to 10 years before properly diagnosed; Whereas approximately 
1⁄3to 1⁄2of all women with endometriosis will have dif-ficulty getting pregnant; Whereas endometriosis is a painful and de-bilitating disorder; Whereas endometriosis is associated with increased health care costs and poses a sub-stantial burden to patients in the healthcare system; Whereas the total annual direct health care cost of symptoms associated with endo-metriosis is $56,000,000,000, or nearly $11,000 per patient; Whereas 51 percent of endometriosis pa-tients report that the disease detrimentally affects their performance of their job; Whereas the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that the average num-ber of ‘‘bed days’’ for patients with endo-metriosis was 18 days per year; Whereas women with endometriosis can lose 11 hours per work week through lost productivity; Whereas, in 2010, endometriosis patients were hospitalized over 100,000 days because of this disease; Whereas there is a need for more research and updated guidelines to treat endo-metriosis; Whereas the research dollars from the Na-tional Institutes of Health dedicated to endo-metriosis has dropped from $16,000,000 in 2010 to $7,000,000 in 2018; Whereas there is an ongoing need for addi-tional clinical research and treatment op-tions to manage this debilitating disease; and Whereas there is no known cure for endo-metriosis: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 2018 as ‘‘Endo-metriosis Awareness Month’’; (2) recognizes the importance of endo-metriosis as a health issue for women that requires far greater attention, public aware-ness, and education about the disease; (3) encourages the Secretary of Health and Human Services— (A) to provide information to women, pa-tients, and health care providers with re-spect to endometriosis, including available screening tools and treatment options, with a goal of improving the quality of life and health outcomes of women affected by endo-metriosis; (B) to conduct additional research on endo-metriosis and possible clinical options; and (C) to update information, tools, and stud-ies currently available with respect to help-ing women live with endometriosis; and (4) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2215. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. Y OUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4851, to establish the Kennedy-King National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. SA 2216. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. M CCON-
NELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authori-ties Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for pur-poses of the rewards program of the Depart-ment of State, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2217. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1625, supra. SA 2218. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2217 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1625, supra. SA 2219. Mr. MCCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1625, supra. SA 2220. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2219 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1625, supra. SA 2221. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2220 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2219 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1625, supra. SA 2222. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1625, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2223. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 607, to establish a business incubators program within the Department of the Interior to promote economic development in Indian reservation communities. SA 2224. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1116, to amend the Native American Business Devel-opment, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide in-dustry and economic development opportuni-ties to Indian communities. SA 2225. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. L
ANKFORD ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the In-terior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, and for other pur-poses. SA 2226. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R ISCH) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 116, Official Title Not Available. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2215. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. Y
OUNG  (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY )) pro-posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4851, to establish the Kennedy-King Na-tional Historic Site in the State of In-diana, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
In section 3, strike subsection (d). 
SA 2216. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. R
OUNDS , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. M
CCONNELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the defi-nition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In division H, after section 229, insert the following: 
SEC. 230. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION; COST-SHARING PAYMENTS. 
(a) W AIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION .— (1) S
TREAMLINING THE STATE APPLICATION  
PROCESS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘the law’’ and inserting ‘‘a law or has in effect a certification’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR CERTIFY ’’ after ‘‘ LAW’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘A law’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.052 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1957 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(i) L AWS.—A law’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—A certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a document, signed by the Governor of the State, that certifies that such Governor has the author-ity under existing Federal and State law to take action under this section, including im-plementation of the State plan under sub-section (a)(1)(B).’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
OF OPT OUT ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘may repeal a law’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may terminate the authority provided under the waiver with respect to the State by— ‘‘(i) repealing a law described in subpara-graph (A)(i); or ‘‘(ii) terminating a certification described in subparagraph (A)(ii), through a certifi-cation for such termination signed by the Governor of the State.’’. (2) G
IVING STATES MORE FUNDING FLEXI -
BILITY , TO ESTABLISH REINSURANCE , INVISIBLE  
HIGH RISK POOLS , INSURANCE STABILITY FUNDS  
AND OTHER PROGRAMS .— (A) S
TATE GRANTS UNDER WAIVERS .—Sec- tion 1332(a) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a re-duced portion of’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (bb) by inserting ‘‘, or the State would not qualify for or would qualify for a reduced portion of basic health program funds under section 1331,’’ after ‘‘subtitle E’’; (cc) by inserting ‘‘, or basic health program funds the State would have received,’’ after ‘‘this title’’; and (dd) by inserting ‘‘or for implementing the basic health program established under sec-tion 1331’’ before the period; (II) in the second sentence, by inserting be-fore the period ‘‘, and with respect to partici-pation in the basic health program and funds provided to such other States under section 1331’’; and (III) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits, reductions, or funds be paid to the State as described in the first sen-tence.’’; (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respec-tively; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL FUNDING FOR INVISIBLE HIGH - 
RISK POOL AND REINSURANCE PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) A
LLOCATIONS .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services Appro-priations Act, 2018, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, shall specify an allocation methodology for determining the amount of funds appropriated under section 230(a)(2)(B) of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2018 for a fiscal year to be allocated for each State for purposes of subparagraph (B) and section 230(a)(2)(C) of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2018. ‘‘(B) S
TATE GRANTS .—From amounts appro-priated under section 230(a)(2)(B) of the De-partment of Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Act, 2018 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to States for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, in amounts determined in accordance with the allocation methodology under subparagraph (A), for the following purposes: ‘‘(i) For fiscal year 2018, for administrative costs of the State associated with preparing and submitting information described in sub-section (a)(1)(B) that includes an invisible high-risk pool or reinsurance program that meets the requirements of subsection (g)(2), or costs associated with the establishment of such invisible high-risk pool or reinsurance program. ‘‘(ii) For each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021, for the establishment or maintenance of invisible high-risk pools and reinsurance programs that meet the requirements of sub-section (g)(2) and for which the State has re-ceived a waiver under this section. ‘‘(C) BUDGET NEUTRALITY .—Funds awarded to a State under a grant awarded under sub-paragraph (B) shall not be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining under paragraph (1) whether the State waiver is budget neutral, or determining under sub-section (b)(1) whether the State waiver in-creases the Federal deficit.’’. (B) A
PPROPRIATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for the purposes described in section 1332(a)(4)(B) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and subparagraph (C), out of any funds in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated— (I) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (II) $10,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. (ii) A
VAILABLE UNTIL EXPENDED .—Amounts appropriated under this paragraph shall re-main available until expended. (C) D
EFAULT FEDERAL SAFEGUARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of plan year 2019, in the case of a State that does not, by a date specified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this para-graph as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in consultation with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, have in effect a waiver under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) that in-cludes an invisible high-risk pool or reinsur-ance program that meets the requirements of subsection (g)(2) of such section 1332, the Secretary shall, from amounts appropriated under subparagraph (B), use the allocation determined for the State under subsection (a)(4)(B) of such section 1332 for plan year 2019 for the purpose described in clause (ii) for such State. (ii) R
EQUIRED USE FOR MARKET STABILIZA -
TION PAYMENTS TO ISSUERS .—The Secretary shall use any allocation for a State made pursuant to clause (i) to provide incentives to appropriate entities to enter into arrange-ments with the State to help stabilize pre-miums for health insurance coverage in the individual market in such State by providing payments to such appropriate entities using payment parameters and a methodology de-termined by the Secretary. (3) E
NSURING PATIENT ACCESS TO MORE  
FLEXIBLE HEALTH PLANS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘at least as affordable’’ and inserting ‘‘of com-parable affordability, including for low-in-come individuals, individuals with serious health needs, and other vulnerable popu-lations,’’; and (II) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D)(i) will not increase the Federal deficit over the term of the waiver; and ‘‘(ii) will not increase the Federal deficit over the term of the 10-year budget plan sub-mitted under subsection (a)(1)(B)(ii).’’; (ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) (as amended by paragraph (1)) as paragraph (3); and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) BUDGETARY EFFECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In determining whether a State plan submitted under subsection (a) meets the deficit neutrality requirements of paragraph (1)(D), the Secretary may take into consideration the direct budgetary ef-fect of the provisions of such plan on sources of Federal funding other than the funding de-scribed in subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—A determination made by the Secretary under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) shall not be construed to affect any waiver process or standards or terms and conditions in effect on the date of enactment of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2018 under title XI, XVIII, XIX, or XXI of the Social Security Act, or any other Federal law relating to the provision of health care items or services; and ‘‘(ii) shall be made without regard to any changes in policy with respect to any waiver process or provision of health care items or services described in clause (i).’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’. (4) P
ROVIDING EXPEDITED APPROVAL OF  
STATE WAIVERS .—Section 1332(d) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(d)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘180’’ and inserting ‘‘120’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XPEDITED DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any ap-plication under subsection (a)(1) submitted on or after the date of enactment of the De-partment of Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Act, 2018 or any such applica-tion submitted prior to such date of enact-ment and under review by the Secretary on such date of enactment, the Secretary shall make a determination on such application, using the criteria for approval otherwise ap-plicable under this section, not later than 45 days after the receipt of such application, and shall allow the public notice and com-ment at the State and Federal levels de-scribed under subsection (a)(5) to occur con-currently if such State application— ‘‘(i) is submitted in response to an urgent situation, with respect to areas in the State that the Secretary determines are at risk for excessive premium increases or having no health plans offered in the applicable health insurance market for the current or fol-lowing plan year; ‘‘(ii) is for a waiver that is the same or sub-stantially similar to a waiver that the Sec-retary already has approved for another State; or ‘‘(iii) is for a waiver that includes an invis-ible high-risk pool or reinsurance program described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of subsection (g)(2). ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) U
RGENT SITUATIONS .— ‘‘(I) P
ROVISIONAL APPROVAL .—A waiver ap-proved under the expedited determination process under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be in effect for a period of 3 years, unless the State requests a shorter duration. ‘‘(II) F
ULL APPROVAL .—Subject to the re-quirements for approval otherwise applicable under this section, not later than 1 year be-fore the expiration of a provisional waiver period described in subclause (I) with respect to an application described in subparagraph (A)(i), the Secretary shall make a determina-tion on whether to extend the approval of such waiver for the full term of the waiver requested by the State, for a total approval 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.055 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1958 March 22, 2018 
period not to exceed 6 years. The Secretary may request additional information as the Secretary determines appropriate to make such determination. ‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL OF SAME OR SIMILAR APPLI -
CATIONS .—An approval of a waiver under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) shall be subject to the terms of subsection (e). ‘‘(C) G
AO STUDY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services Appro-priations Act, 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of all waivers approved pursuant to subpara-graph (A)(ii) to evaluate whether such waiv-ers met the requirements of subsection (b)(1) and whether the applications should have qualified for such expedited process.’’. (5) P
ROVIDING CERTAINTY FOR STATE -BASED  
REFORMS .—Section 1332(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘No waiver’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 6 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed, subject to the State meeting the criteria for approval otherwise applicable under this section, for unlimited additional 6-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be suspended or terminated, in whole or in part, by the Secretary at any time before the date of expiration of the waiver period (including any renewal period under paragraph (2)), unless the Secretary determines that the State materially failed to comply with the terms and conditions of the waiver.’’. (6) G
UIDANCE AND REGULATIONS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (A) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) G
UIDANCE AND REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) issue guidance, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services Appro-priations Act, 2018, that includes initial ex-amples of model State plans that meet the requirements for approval under this section; and ‘‘(B) periodically review the guidance issued under subparagraph (A) and when ap-propriate, issue additional examples of model State plans that meet the require-ments for approval under this section, which may include— ‘‘(i) State plans establishing reinsurance or invisible high-risk pool arrangements for purposes of covering the cost of high-risk in-dividuals; ‘‘(ii) State plans expanding insurer partici-pation, access to affordable health plans, network adequacy, and health plan options over the entire applicable health insurance market in the State; ‘‘(iii) waivers encouraging or requiring health plans in such State to deploy value- based insurance designs which structure en-rollee cost-sharing and other health plan de-sign elements to encourage enrollees to con-sume high-value clinical services; ‘‘(iv) State plans allowing for significant variation in health plan benefit design; or ‘‘(v) any other State plan as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) R
ESCISSION OF PREVIOUS REGULATIONS  
AND GUIDANCE .—Beginning on the date of en-actment of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2018, the regulations promulgated, and the guid-ance issued, under this section prior to the date of enactment of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2018 shall have no force or effect.’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(5) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)(A)(ii))— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, as applicable’’ before the period; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary may’’. (7) INVISIBLE HIGH RISK POOLS AND REINSUR -
ANCE PROGRAMS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052), as amended by paragraph (6), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) I
NVISIBLE HIGHRISKPOOLS AND REIN-
SURANCE PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) F
UNDING .—With respect to a State that has received a waiver under this section to establish an invisible high-risk pool or re-insurance program described in paragraph (2), the State may fund such program, in whole or in part, using one or both of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Amounts received through a grant de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(B). ‘‘(B) All of, or a portion of, the payments made to the State as described in subsection (a)(3), consistent with the information the State provides under subsection (a)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .—An invisible high- risk pool or reinsurance program described in this paragraph is a program that meets any of the following: ‘‘(A) An invisible high-risk pool, as defined by the State, under which health insurance issuers, with respect to designated individ-uals who experience higher than average health costs as determined by the State, and are enrolled in health insurance coverage of-fered in the individual market, cede risk to the pool, without affecting the premium paid by the designated individuals or their terms of coverage. With respect to such pool, the State, or an entity operating the pool on be-half of the State, shall establish— ‘‘(i) the premium amount the ceding issuer shall pay to the reinsurance pool; ‘‘(ii) the applicable attachment points or coinsurance percentages if the ceding issuer retains any portion of the risk under ceded policies; and ‘‘(iii) the mechanism by which high-risk individuals are designated for cession to the pool, which may include a list of designated high-cost health conditions. ‘‘(B) A reinsurance program, as defined by the State, that assumes a portion of the risk for individuals who experience higher than average health costs as determined by the State, in a manner substantially similar to the reinsurance program that operated in the State in accordance with section 1341. ‘‘(C) A reinsurance program established by the State not otherwise described in this paragraph. ‘‘(D) A program based on another State’s reinsurance program— ‘‘(i) described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C), for which an application has been ap-proved under this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) which was implemented prior to Sep-tember 1, 2017, and which the Secretary de-termines meets the requirements of subpara-graph (A).’’. (8) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this Act to section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052)— (A) with respect to applications for waivers under such section 1332 submitted after the date of enactment of this Act and applica-tions for such waivers submitted prior to such date of enactment and under review by the Secretary on the date of enactment, shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) with respect to applications for waivers approved under such section 1332 before the date of enactment of this Act, shall not re-quire reconsideration of whether such appli-cations meet the requirements of such sec-tion 1332, except that, at the request of a State, the Secretary shall recalculate the amount of funding provided under subsection (a)(3) of such section. (9) CLARIFYING BUDGET NEUTRALITY .—Sec- tion 1332(a)(1)(B) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, including, as applicable, a description of the State’s plan to use any amounts awarded to the State under paragraph (4) to support an in-visible high-risk pool or reinsurance pro-gram consistent with subsection (g) and such information about such program as the Sec-retary may require’’ before the semicolon; and (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘over both the term of the proposed waiver and the term of the 10-year budget plan’’ after ‘‘Gov-ernment’’. (b) C
OST-SHARING PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’), out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise obligated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions, as authorized by section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) for the portion of plan year 2017 that begins on October 1, 2017, and ends on December 31, 2017, and for plan years 2019, 2020, and 2021. (2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COST -SHARING REDUC -
TIONS .— (A) B
ASIC HEALTH PLAN .—For plan year 2018, there is appropriated to the Secretary, out of any funds in the Treasury not other-wise obligated, such sums as may be nec-essary for, with respect to States that have in effect a basic health plan on January 1, 2018, the portion of transfers pursuant to sec-tion 1331(d) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18051(d)) attrib-utable to the cost-sharing reductions under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) that would have been provided for plan year 2018 with respect to eligible individuals enrolled in standard health plans in such States. (B) H
OLD HARMLESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For plan year 2018, there is appropriated to the Secretary, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by section 1402 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) with respect to qualified health plans described in clause (ii). (ii) Q
UALIFIED HEALTH PLANS DESCRIBED .—A qualified health plan described in this clause is a qualified health plan for which the Sec-retary determines, based on a certification and appropriate documentation from the issuer of such plan and a certification from the applicable State regulator, that the health insurance issuer of such plan has not increased premium rates for plan year 2018 on account of the issuer assuming, or being instructed by applicable State regulators to assume, that the issuer would receive pay-ments under such section 1402. (C) C
LARIFICATION OF OBLIGATIONS .— (i) N
O REQUIREMENTS TO MAKE PAYMENTS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, there shall be no obligation under this Act or any other Act, including the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), to make payments for cost-sharing reductions under section 1402(c)(3) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071(c)(3)) or advance payments for such cost-sharing reductions under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.055 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1959 March 22, 2018 
1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18082) for plan year 2018, except for such payments for which amounts are appropriated under subparagraphs (A) and (B). Nothing in this clause shall be con-strued as affecting the requirements under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act for issuers to reduce cost-sharing. (ii) N
O OBLIGATION TO RECONCILE PAY -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, there shall be no obligation under this Act or any other Act, including the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), to make payments on or after October 1, 2017, for the purpose of reconciling any cost-sharing reduction pay-ments by the Secretary under section 1402(c)(3) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071(c)(3)) made for plan year 2016 or the plan year beginning January 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017. (D) T
REATMENT OF PREVIOUS PAYMENTS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, payments made for cost-sharing reductions under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) dur-ing the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on September 30, 2017, shall be treated in the same manner as a refund due from the credit allowed under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the purposes of section 1324 of title 31, United States Code. (c) H
EALTH BENEFITS COVERAGE .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, includ-ing any other definition of ‘‘health benefits coverage’’ for purposes of subsection (b) and (c) of section 506, any use made of funds ap-propriated under subsection (b) starting in plan year 2019, and subsection (a)(2)(B) start-ing in plan year 2018, and any program, ac-tivity, plan, or coverage funded or supported by such funds, shall constitute ‘‘health bene-fits coverage’’. (d) L
IMITATIONS .—The following shall apply: (1) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit the applicability of sub-section (a), (b), or (d) of section 507. (2) For purposes of this section, a health insurance issuer expending State, local, or private funds, shall be treated in the same manner as a managed care provider de-scribed in section 507(c). 
SEC. 231. ALLOWING ALL INDIVIDUALS PUR-CHASING HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE INDIVIDUAL MARKET THE OP-TION TO PURCHASE A LOWER PRE-MIUM COPPER PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1302(e) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (B) by striking ‘‘plan year if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the plan provides—’’ and inserting ‘‘plan year if the plan pro-vides—’’; and (C) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) R
ISKPOOLS.—Section 1312(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and including enrollees in catastrophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Ex-change’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1312(d)(3)(C) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(d)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘, except that in the case of a catastrophic plan described in sec-tion 1302(e), a qualified individual may enroll in the plan only if the individual is eligible to enroll in the plan under section 1302(e)(2)’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall apply with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 232. CONSUMER OUTREACH, EDUCATION, AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) O PENENROLLMENT REPORTS .—For plan years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor, shall issue biweekly pub-lic reports during the annual open enroll-ment period on the performance of the Fed-eral Exchange and the Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Market-place. Each such report shall include a sum-mary, including information on a State-by- State basis where available, of— (1) the number of unique website visits; (2) the number of individuals who create an account; (3) the number of calls to the call center; (4) the average wait time for callers con-tacting the call center; (5) the number of individuals who enroll in a qualified health plan; and (6) the percentage of individuals who enroll in a qualified health plan through each of— (A) the website; (B) the call center; (C) navigators; (D) agents and brokers; (E) the enrollment assistant program; (F) directly from issuers or web brokers; and (G) other means. (b) O
PEN ENROLLMENT AFTER ACTION RE-
PORT .—For plan years 2019 and 2020, the Sec-retary, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor, shall publish an after action report not later than 3 months after the completion of the annual open enrollment period regarding the performance of the Federal Exchange and the Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Marketplace for the applicable plan year. Each such report shall include a sum-mary, including information on a State-by- State basis where available, of— (1) the open enrollment data reported under subsection (a) for the entirety of the enrollment period; and (2) activities related to patient navigators described in section 1311(i) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18031(i)), including— (A) the performance objectives established by the Secretary for such patient navigators; (B) the number of consumers enrolled by such a patient navigator; (C) an assessment of how such patient navigators have met established perform-ance metrics, including a detailed list of all patient navigators, funding received by pa-tient navigators, and whether established performance objectives of patient navigators were met; and (D) with respect to the performance objec-tives described in subparagraph (A)— (i) whether such objectives assess the full scope of patient navigator responsibilities, including general education, plan selection, and determination of eligibility for tax cred-its, cost-sharing reductions, or other cov-erage; (ii) how the Secretary worked with patient navigators to establish such objectives; and (iii) how the Secretary adjusted such ob-jectives for case complexity and other con-textual factors. (c) R
EPORT ON ADVERTISING AND CONSUMER  O
UTREACH .—Not later than 3 months after the completion of the annual open enroll-ment period for the 2019 plan year, the Sec-retary shall issue a report on advertising and outreach to consumers for the open enroll-ment period for the 2019 plan year. Such re-port shall include a description of— (1) the division of spending on individual advertising platforms, including television and radio advertisements and digital media, to raise consumer awareness of open enroll-ment; (2) the division of spending on individual outreach platforms, including email and text messages, to raise consumer awareness of open enrollment; and (3) whether the Secretary conducted tar-geted outreach to specific demographic groups and geographic areas. (d) OUTREACH AND ENROLLMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.— (1) O
PEN ENROLLMENT .—Of the amounts col-lected through the user fees on participating health insurance issuers pursuant to section 156.50 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), the Secretary shall obligate $105,800,000 for outreach and enrollment activities for each of the open en-rollment periods for plan years 2019 and 2020. (2) O
UTREACH AND ENROLLMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘outreach and enrollment activities’’ means— (i) activities to educate consumers about coverage options or to encourage consumers to enroll in or maintain health insurance coverage (excluding allocations to the call center for the Federal Exchange); and (ii) activities conducted by an in-person consumer assistance program that does not have a conflict of interest and that, among other activities, facilitates enrollment of in-dividuals through the Federal Exchange, and distributes fair and impartial information concerning enrollment through such Ex-change and the availability of tax credits and cost-sharing reductions. (B) C
ONNECTION WITH FEDERAL EXCHANGE .— Activities conducted under this subsection shall be in connection with the operation of the Federal Exchange, to provide special benefits to health insurance issuers partici-pating in the Federal Exchange. (3) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may contract with a State to conduct out-reach and enrollment activities for plan years 2019 and 2020. Any outreach and enroll-ment activities conducted by a State or other entity at the direction of the State, in accordance with such a contract, shall be treated as Federal activities to provide spe-cial benefits to participating health insur-ance issuers consistent with OMB Circular No. A–25R. (4) C
LARIFICATIONS .— (A) P
RIOR FUNDING .—Nothing in this sub-section should be construed as rescinding or cancelling any funds already obligated on the date of enactment of this Act for out-reach and enrollment activities for plan year 2019. (B) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that outreach and enroll-ment activities are conducted in all applica-ble States, including, as necessary, by pro-viding for such activities through contracts described in paragraph (3). 
SEC. 233. OFFERING HEALTH PLANS IN MORE THAN ONE STATE. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the National Association of Insurance Com-missioners, shall issue regulations for the implementation of health care choice com-pacts established under section 1333 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.055 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1960 March 22, 2018 
(42 U.S.C. 18053) to allow for the offering of health plans in more than one State. 
SEC. 234. CONSUMER NOTIFICATION. 
In addition to any applicable Federal re-quirements with respect to short-term lim-ited duration insurance, a State insurance commissioner shall require the issuer of short-term, limited duration insurance ap-proved for sale in the State to display promi-nently in marketing materials, the contract, and application materials provided in con-nection with enrollment in such insurance a notice to consumers that includes such infor-mation as the State insurance commissioner determines sufficient to inform the indi-vidual that coverage and benefits under such insurance differ from coverage and benefits under qualified health plans. 
SA 2217. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2218. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2217 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for pur-poses of the rewards program of the De-partment of State, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
SA 2219. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2220. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2219 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for pur-poses of the rewards program of the De-partment of State, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
SA 2221. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2220 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2219 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; as follows: Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ 
SA 2222. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the defi-nition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION W—BIPARTISAN HEALTH CARE STABILIZATION 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Bipar-tisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION; COST- SHARING PAYMENTS. 
(a) W AIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION .— (1) S
TREAMLINING THE STATE APPLICATION  
PROCESS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘the law’’ and inserting ‘‘a law or has in effect a certification’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR CERTIFY ’’ after ‘‘ LAW’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘A law’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) L
AWS.—A law’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—A certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a document, signed by the Governor of the State, that certifies that such Governor has the author-ity under existing Federal and State law to take action under this section, including im-plementation of the State plan under sub-section (a)(1)(B).’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
OF OPT OUT ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘may repeal a law’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may terminate the authority provided under the waiver with respect to the State by— ‘‘(i) repealing a law described in subpara-graph (A)(i); or ‘‘(ii) terminating a certification described in subparagraph (A)(ii), through a certifi-cation for such termination signed by the Governor of the State.’’. (2) G
IVING STATES MORE FUNDING FLEXI -
BILITY , TO ESTABLISH REINSURANCE , HIGH RISK  
POOLS , INVISIBLE HIGH RISK POOLS , INSURANCE  
STABILITY FUNDS AND OTHER PROGRAMS .— (A) S
TATE GRANTS UNDER WAIVERS .—Sec- tion 1332(a) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a re-duced portion of’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (bb) by inserting ‘‘, or the State would not qualify for or would qualify for a reduced portion of basic health program funds under section 1331,’’ after ‘‘subtitle E’’; (cc) by inserting ‘‘, or basic health program funds the State would have received,’’ after ‘‘this title’’; and (dd) by inserting ‘‘or for implementing the basic health program established under sec-tion 1331’’ before the period; (II) in the second sentence, by inserting be-fore the period ‘‘, and with respect to partici-pation in the basic health program and funds provided to such other States under section 1331’’; and (III) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits, reductions, or funds be paid to the State as described in the first sen-tence.’’; (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respec-tively; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) FEDERAL FUNDING FOR INVISIBLE HIGH - 
RISK POOL AND REINSURANCE PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) A
LLOCATIONS .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, shall specify an allocation methodology for determining the amount of funds appro-priated under section 2(a)(2)(B) of the Bipar-tisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018 for a fiscal year to be allocated for each State for purposes of subparagraph (B). Such methodology shall allocate funds in a man-ner that would yield a similar level of pre-mium reduction in all States if all States ap-plied for and received funding, taking into account market stability and competition in the various States. If not all States apply for and receive funding under subparagraph (B), remaining funds shall be used to carry out section 2(a)(2)(C) of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) S
TATE GRANTS .—From amounts appro-priated under section 2(a)(2)(B) of the Bipar-tisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to States for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, in amounts determined in ac-cordance with the allocation methodology under subparagraph (A), for the following purposes: ‘‘(i) For fiscal year 2018, for administrative costs of the State associated with preparing and submitting information described in sub-section (a)(1)(B) that includes an invisible high-risk pool or reinsurance program that meets the requirements of subsection (g)(2), or costs associated with the establishment of such invisible high-risk pool or reinsurance program. ‘‘(ii) For each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021, for the establishment or maintenance of invisible high-risk pools and reinsurance programs that meet the requirements of sub-section (g)(2) and for which the State has re-ceived a waiver under this section. ‘‘(C) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY .—Funds awarded to a State under a grant awarded under sub-paragraph (B) shall not be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining under paragraph (1) whether the State waiver is budget neutral, or determining under sub-section (b)(1) whether the State waiver in-creases the Federal deficit.’’. (B) A
PPROPRIATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for the purposes described in section 1332(a)(4)(B) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and subparagraph (C), out of any funds in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated— (I) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (II) $10,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. (ii) A
VAILABLE UNTIL EXPENDED .—Amounts appropriated under this paragraph shall re-main available until expended. (C) D
EFAULT FEDERAL SAFEGUARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of plan years 2019 through 2021, in the case of a State that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.055 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1961 March 22, 2018 
does not, by a date specified by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this subparagraph as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’), in consultation with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, have in effect a waiver under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) that includes an invis-ible high-risk pool or reinsurance program that meets the requirements of subsection (g)(2) of such section 1332, the Secretary shall, from amounts appropriated under sub-paragraph (B), use the allocation determined for the State under subsection (a)(4)(B) of such section 1332 for plan years 2019 through 2021 for the purpose described in clause (ii) for such State. (ii) R
EQUIRED USE FOR MARKET STABILIZA -
TION PAYMENTS TO ISSUERS .—The Secretary shall enter into arrangements with the State or appropriate non-profit entities to help stabilize premiums for health insurance cov-erage in the individual market, by providing payments to insurers with respect to enroll-ees whose claims exceed a dollar amount es-tablished by the Secretary, in an amount equal to 80 percent of the amount of such claims. (3) E
NSURING PATIENT ACCESS TO MORE  
FLEXIBLE HEALTH PLANS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘at least as affordable’’ and inserting ‘‘of com-parable affordability, including for low-in-come individuals, individuals with serious health needs, and other vulnerable popu-lations,’’; and (II) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D)(i) will not increase the Federal deficit over the term of the waiver; and ‘‘(ii) will not increase the Federal deficit over the term of the 10-year budget plan sub-mitted under subsection (a)(1)(B)(ii).’’; (ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) (as amended by paragraph (1)) as paragraph (3); and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) B
UDGETARY EFFECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In determining whether a State plan submitted under subsection (a) meets the deficit neutrality requirements of paragraph (1)(D), the Secretary may take into consideration the direct budgetary ef-fect of the provisions of such plan on sources of Federal funding other than the funding de-scribed in subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—A determination made by the Secretary under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) shall not be construed to affect any waiver process or standards or terms and conditions in effect on the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018 under title XI, XVIII, XIX, or XXI of the Social Security Act, or any other Fed-eral law relating to the provision of health care items or services; and ‘‘(ii) shall be made without regard to any changes in policy with respect to any waiver process or provision of health care items or services described in clause (i).’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’. (4) P
ROVIDING EXPEDITED APPROVAL OF  
STATE WAIVERS .—Section 1332(d) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(d)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘180’’ and inserting ‘‘120’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XPEDITED DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any ap-plication under subsection (a)(1) submitted on or after the date of enactment of the Bi-partisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018 or any such application submitted prior to such date of enactment and under review by the Secretary on such date of enactment, the Secretary shall make a determination on such application, using the criteria for ap-proval otherwise applicable under this sec-tion, not later than 45 days after the receipt of such application, and shall allow the pub-lic notice and comment at the State and Federal levels described under subsection (a)(5) to occur concurrently if such State ap-plication— ‘‘(i) is submitted in response to an urgent situation, with respect to areas in the State that the Secretary determines are at risk for excessive premium increases or having no health plans offered in the applicable health insurance market for the current or fol-lowing plan year; or ‘‘(ii) is for a waiver that is the same or sub-stantially similar to a waiver that the Sec-retary already has approved for another State. ‘‘(B) APPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) U
RGENT SITUATIONS .— ‘‘(I) P
ROVISIONAL APPROVAL .—A waiver ap-proved under the expedited determination process under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be in effect for a period of 3 years, unless the State requests a shorter duration. ‘‘(II) F
ULL APPROVAL .—Subject to the re-quirements for approval otherwise applicable under this section, not later than 1 year be-fore the expiration of a provisional waiver period described in subclause (I) with respect to an application described in subparagraph (A)(i), the Secretary shall make a determina-tion on whether to extend the approval of such waiver for the full term of the waiver requested by the State, for a total approval period not to exceed 6 years. The Secretary may request additional information as the Secretary determines appropriate to make such determination. ‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL OF SAME OR SIMILAR APPLI -
CATIONS .—An approval of a waiver under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) shall be subject to the terms of subsection (e). ‘‘(C) G
AO STUDY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of all waivers ap-proved pursuant to subparagraph (A)(ii) to evaluate whether such waivers met the re-quirements of subsection (b)(1) and whether the applications should have qualified for such expedited process.’’. (5) P
ROVIDING CERTAINTY FOR STATE -BASED  
REFORMS .—Section 1332(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘No waiver’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 6 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed, subject to the State meeting the criteria for approval otherwise applicable under this section, for unlimited additional 6-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be suspended or terminated, in whole or in part, by the Secretary at any time before the date of expiration of the waiver period (including any renewal period under paragraph (2)), unless the Secretary determines that the State materially failed to comply with the terms and conditions of the waiver.’’. (6) G
UIDANCE AND REGULATIONS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (A) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) G
UIDANCE AND REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) issue guidance, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018, that includes initial examples of model State plans that meet the requirements for ap-proval under this section; and ‘‘(B) periodically review the guidance issued under subparagraph (A) and when ap-propriate, issue additional examples of model State plans that meet the require-ments for approval under this section, which may include— ‘‘(i) State plans establishing reinsurance or invisible high-risk pool arrangements for purposes of covering the cost of high-risk in-dividuals; ‘‘(ii) State plans expanding insurer partici-pation, access to affordable health plans, network adequacy, and health plan options over the entire applicable health insurance market in the State; ‘‘(iii) waivers encouraging or requiring health plans in such State to deploy value- based insurance designs which structure en-rollee cost-sharing and other health plan de-sign elements to encourage enrollees to con-sume high-value clinical services; ‘‘(iv) State plans allowing for significant variation in health plan benefit design; or ‘‘(v) any other State plan as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) R
ESCISSION OF PREVIOUS REGULATIONS  
AND GUIDANCE .—Beginning on the date of en-actment of the Bipartisan Health Care Sta-bilization Act of 2018, the regulations pro-mulgated, and the guidance issued, under this section prior to the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018 shall have no force or effect.’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(5) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)(A)(ii))— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, as applicable’’ before the period; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary may’’. (7) I
NVISIBLE HIGH RISK POOLS AND REINSUR -
ANCE PROGRAMS .—Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052), as amended by paragraph (6), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) I
NVISIBLE HIGHRISKPOOLS AND REIN-
SURANCE PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) F
UNDING .—With respect to a State that has received a waiver under this section to establish an invisible high-risk pool or re-insurance program described in paragraph (2), the State may fund such program, in whole or in part, using one or both of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Amounts received through a grant de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(B). ‘‘(B) All of, or a portion of, the payments made to the State as described in subsection (a)(3), consistent with the information the State provides under subsection (a)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .—An invisible high- risk pool or reinsurance program described in this paragraph is a program that meets any of the following: ‘‘(A) An invisible high-risk pool, as defined by the State, under which health insurance issuers, with respect to designated individ-uals who experience higher than average health costs as determined by the State, and are enrolled in health insurance coverage of-fered in the individual market, cede risk to the pool, without affecting the premium paid by the designated individuals or their terms of coverage. With respect to such pool, the State, or an entity operating the pool on be-half of the State, shall establish— ‘‘(i) the premium amount the ceding issuer shall pay to the reinsurance pool; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.066 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1962 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(ii) the applicable attachment points or coinsurance percentages if the ceding issuer retains any portion of the risk under ceded policies; and ‘‘(iii) the mechanism by which high-risk individuals are designated for cession to the pool, which may include a list of designated high-cost health conditions. ‘‘(B) A reinsurance program, as defined by the State, that assumes a portion of the risk for individuals who experience higher than average health costs as determined by the State, in a manner substantially similar to the reinsurance program that operated in the State in accordance with section 1341. ‘‘(C) A reinsurance program established by the State not otherwise described in this paragraph. ‘‘(D) A program based on another State’s reinsurance program— ‘‘(i) described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C), for which an application has been ap-proved under this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) which was implemented prior to the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2018, and which the Secretary determines meets the require-ments of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) S
INGLE RISK POOL .—An invisible high- risk pool or reinsurance program established in accordance with this subsection shall not be considered a separate risk pool for pur-poses of section 1312(c).’’. (8) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this Act to section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052)— (A) with respect to applications for waivers under such section 1332 submitted after the date of enactment of this Act and applica-tions for such waivers submitted prior to such date of enactment and under review by the Secretary on the date of enactment, shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) with respect to applications for waivers approved under such section 1332 before the date of enactment of this Act, shall not re-quire reconsideration of whether such appli-cations meet the requirements of such sec-tion 1332, except that, at the request of a State, the Secretary shall recalculate the amount of funding provided under subsection (a)(3) of such section. (9) C
LARIFYING BUDGET NEUTRALITY .—Sec- tion 1332(a)(1)(B) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, including, as applicable, a description of the State’s plan to use any amounts awarded to the State under paragraph (4) to support an in-visible high-risk pool or reinsurance pro-gram consistent with subsection (g) and such information about such program as the Sec-retary may require’’ before the semicolon; and (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘over both the term of the proposed waiver and the term of the 10-year budget plan’’ after ‘‘Gov-ernment’’. (b) C
OST-SHARING PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’), out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise obligated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions, as authorized by section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) for plan years 2017, 2019, 2020, and 2021. (2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COST -SHARING REDUC -
TIONS .— (A) B
ASIC HEALTH PLAN .—For plan year 2018, there is appropriated to the Secretary, out of any funds in the Treasury not other-wise obligated, such sums as may be nec-essary for, with respect to States that have in effect a basic health plan on January 1, 2018, the portion of transfers pursuant to sec-tion 1331(d) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18051(d)) attrib-utable to the cost-sharing reductions under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) that would have been provided for plan year 2018 with respect to eligible individuals enrolled in standard health plans in such States. (B) HOLD HARMLESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For plan year 2018, there is appropriated to the Secretary, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by section 1402 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) with respect to specified qualified health plans described in clause (ii). (ii) S
PECIFIED QUALIFIED HEALTH PLANS DE -
SCRIBED .—A specified qualified health plan described in this clause is a qualified health plan— (I) offered in a State that— (aa) prohibited increasing premium rates to account for non-payment of cost-sharing reductions under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; or (bb) did not provide guidance on whether to increase premiums to account for non- payment of cost-sharing reduction under such section 1402; and (II) for which the Secretary determines, based on a certification and appropriate doc-umentation from the issuer of such plan and a certification from the applicable State reg-ulator, that the health insurance issuer of such plan has not increased premium rates for plan year 2018 on account of the issuer as-suming, or being instructed by applicable State regulators to assume, that the issuer would receive payments under such section 1402. (3) P
ROTECTING CONSUMERS FROM INCREASED  
OUT-OF-POCKET COSTS .—Section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071) is amended by adding at the end, the following: ‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL REDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) R
EDUCTION FOR LOW INCOME IN -
SUREDS .—For plan years 2019 through 2021, in addition to the cost-sharing reductions under subsection (c), the Secretary shall es-tablish procedures under which the issuer of a qualified health plan to which this section applies shall further reduce cost-sharing under the plan in a manner sufficient to— ‘‘(A) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is not less than 150 percent but not more than 250 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 87 percent of such costs; and ‘‘(B) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is not less than 250 percent but not more than 400 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 80 percent of such costs.’’. ‘‘(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—For plan years 2019 through 2021, in addition to the co-ordination with actuarial value limits under subsection (c)(1)(B),the Secretary shall en-sure that the reductions under subsection (c)(1) do not result in an increase in the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of ben-efits provided under the plan above— ‘‘(A) 87 percent, in the case of an eligible insured described in paragraph (1)(A); and ‘‘(B) 80 percent, in the case of an eligible insured described in paragraph (1)(B).’’. SEC. 3. ALLOWING ALL INDIVIDUALS PUR-CHASING HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE INDIVIDUAL MARKET THE OP-TION TO PURCHASE A LOWER PRE-MIUM COPPER PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1302(e) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (B) by striking ‘‘plan year if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the plan provides—’’ and inserting ‘‘plan year if the plan pro-vides—’’; and (C) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) R
ISKPOOLS.—Section 1312(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and including enrollees in catastrophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Ex-change’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1312(d)(3)(C) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(d)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘, except that in the case of a catastrophic plan described in sec-tion 1302(e), a qualified individual may enroll in the plan only if the individual is eligible to enroll in the plan under section 1302(e)(2)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall apply with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 4. CONSUMER OUTREACH, EDUCATION, AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) O PENENROLLMENT REPORTS .—For plan years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in coordina-tion with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor, shall issue biweekly public reports during the annual open enroll-ment period on the performance of the Fed-eral Exchange and the Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Market-place. Each such report shall include a sum-mary, including information on a State-by- State basis where available, of— (1) the number of unique website visits; (2) the number of individuals who create an account; (3) the number of calls to the call center; (4) the average wait time for callers con-tacting the call center; (5) the number of individuals who enroll in a qualified health plan; and (6) the percentage of individuals who enroll in a qualified health plan through each of— (A) the website; (B) the call center; (C) navigators; (D) agents and brokers; (E) the enrollment assistant program; (F) directly from issuers or web brokers; and (G) other means. (b) O
PEN ENROLLMENT AFTER ACTION RE-
PORT .—For plan years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor, shall publish an after action report not later than 3 months after the completion of the annual open enrollment period regard-ing the performance of the Federal Exchange and the Small Business Health Options Pro-gram (SHOP) Marketplace for the applicable plan year. Each such report shall include a summary, including information on a State- by-State basis where available, of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.066 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1963 March 22, 2018 
(1) the open enrollment data reported under subsection (a) for the entirety of the enrollment period; and (2) activities related to patient navigators described in section 1311(i) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18031(i)), including— (A) the performance objectives established by the Secretary for such patient navigators; (B) the number of consumers enrolled by such a patient navigator; (C) an assessment of how such patient navigators have met established perform-ance metrics, including a detailed list of all patient navigators, funding received by pa-tient navigators, and whether established performance objectives of patient navigators were met; and (D) with respect to the performance objec-tives described in subparagraph (A)— (i) whether such objectives assess the full scope of patient navigator responsibilities, including general education, plan selection, and determination of eligibility for tax cred-its, cost-sharing reductions, or other cov-erage; (ii) how the Secretary worked with patient navigators to establish such objectives; and (iii) how the Secretary adjusted such ob-jectives for case complexity and other con-textual factors. (c) R
EPORT ON ADVERTISING AND CONSUMER  O
UTREACH .—Not later than 3 months after the completion of the annual open enroll-ment period for the 2019 plan year, the Sec-retary shall issue a report on advertising and outreach to consumers for the open enroll-ment period for the 2019 plan year. Such re-port shall include a description of— (1) the division of spending on individual advertising platforms, including television and radio advertisements and digital media, to raise consumer awareness of open enroll-ment; (2) the division of spending on individual outreach platforms, including email and text messages, to raise consumer awareness of open enrollment; and (3) whether the Secretary conducted tar-geted outreach to specific demographic groups and geographic areas. (d) O
UTREACH AND ENROLLMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.— (1) O
PEN ENROLLMENT .—Of the amounts col-lected through the user fees on participating health insurance issuers pursuant to section 156.50 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), the Secretary shall obligate $105,800,000 for outreach and enrollment activities for each of the open en-rollment periods for plan years 2019 through 2021. (2) O
UTREACH AND ENROLLMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘outreach and enrollment activities’’ means— (i) activities to educate consumers about coverage options or to encourage consumers to enroll in or maintain health insurance coverage (excluding allocations to the call center for the Federal Exchange); and (ii) activities conducted by an in-person consumer assistance program that does not have a conflict of interest and that, among other activities, facilitates enrollment of in-dividuals through the Federal Exchange, and distributes fair and impartial information concerning enrollment through such Ex-change and the availability of tax credits and cost-sharing reductions. (B) C
ONNECTION WITH FEDERAL EXCHANGE .— Activities conducted under this subsection shall be in connection with the operation of the Federal Exchange, to provide special benefits to health insurance issuers partici-pating in the Federal Exchange. (3) CONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may contract with a State to conduct out-reach and enrollment activities for plan years 2019 through 2021. Any outreach and enrollment activities conducted by a State or other entity at the direction of the State, in accordance with such a contract, shall be treated as Federal activities to provide spe-cial benefits to participating health insur-ance issuers consistent with OMB Circular No. A–25R. (4) C
LARIFICATIONS .— (A) P
RIOR FUNDING .—Nothing in this sub-section should be construed as rescinding or cancelling any funds already obligated on the date of enactment of this Act for out-reach and enrollment activities for plan year 2019. (B) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that outreach and enroll-ment activities are conducted in all applica-ble States, including, as necessary, by pro-viding for such activities through contracts described in paragraph (3). 
SEC. 5. OFFERING HEALTH PLANS IN MORE THAN ONE STATE. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the National Association of Insurance Com-missioners, shall issue regulations for the implementation of health care choice com-pacts established under section 1333 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18053) to allow for the offering of health plans in more than one State. 
SEC. 6. SHORT-TERM LIMITED DURATION HEALTH INSURANCE POLICIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON PROPOSED RULE.—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Labor may not take any action to imple-ment, enforce, or otherwise give effect to the proposed rule relating to the definition of short-term limited-duration insurance (83 Fed. Reg. 7437–7447, February 21, 2018), inso-far as such proposed rule relates to a revised definition of the term ‘‘short-term limited duration insurance’’ and the Secretaries shall implement, enforce, and otherwise give effect to the definition of such term as ap-plied by the Secretaries under the regula-tions in effect on the date of enactment of this Act (81 Fed. Reg. 75316), and such regula-tions shall continue in effect with respect to policies until the effective date described in subsection (b)(2). (b) S
TANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2791(b) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–91) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
HORT -TERM LIMITED DURATION INSUR -
ANCE .—The term ‘short-term limited dura-tion insurance’ means health insurance cov-erage provided pursuant to a contract with a health insurance issuer that— ‘‘(A) has a specified, limited duration not to exceed 93 days after the original effective date of the contract, except that the health plan may permit coverage to continue until the end of the period of hospitalization for a condition for which the covered person was hospitalized on the day that coverage would otherwise have ended; ‘‘(B) is non-renewable and issued only to individuals who have not been covered under a short-term limited duration insurance pol-icy from any health insurance issuer within the prior 12 months; ‘‘(C) displays prominently in marketing materials, the contract, and in any applica-tion materials provided in connection with enrollment in such insurance a notice to consumers that includes such information which the State insurance commissioner deems sufficient to inform the individual that coverage and benefits are limited; ‘‘(D) covers essential health benefits as set forth in section 1302 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; ‘‘(E) meets the following requirements for individual health insurance coverage as set forth in this title— ‘‘(i) section 2701 (relating to fair health in-surance premiums); ‘‘(ii) section 2702 (relating to guaranteed availability of coverage), except as provided in paragraph (1) consistent with the limita-tions of subsection (c); ‘‘(iii) section 2704 (relating to the prohibi-tion of pre-existing condition exclusions or other discrimination based on health status); ‘‘(iv) section 2705 (relating to the prohibi-tion of discrimination against individual participants and beneficiaries based on health status); ‘‘(v) section 2706 (relating to non-discrimination in health care); ‘‘(vi) section 2707 (relating to comprehen-sive health insurance coverage); ‘‘(vii) section 2711 (prohibiting lifetime and annual limits); ‘‘(viii) section 2712 (prohibiting rescis-sions); ‘‘(ix) section 2713 (coverage of preventive health services); ‘‘(x) section 2714 (relating to coverage of dependents); and ‘‘(xi) section 2719 (relating to appeals); and ‘‘(F) upon the issuance of a health insur-ance plan that an issuer asserts to be short- term limited duration insurance, the issuer of such plan shall provide documentation to the Secretary and the State insurance com-missioner, in a form determined by the Sec-retary, regarding the individuals covered by the plan and the duration of the plan which shall be reviewed by the entity responsible for enforcement under section 2722, together with documentation submitted by other issuers, to determine whether the plan satis-fies the requirement under subparagraph (B) and, if not, such entity shall take appro-priate enforcement action.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 7. FUNDING. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law related to the services described in sub-section (b)(1)(B) of section 1303 of Public Law 111–148, amounts appropriated under this di-vision are subject to no requirements or lim-itations related to such services other than the requirements or limitations established under such section 1303, and, in the case of amounts appropriated under section 2(a)(2)(B), such section 1303 shall apply to such amounts in the same manner and to the same extent as if the purposes for which such amounts are appropriated under section 2(a)(2)(B) were purposes specified in sub-section (b)(2)(A) of such section 1303. 
SA 2223. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 607, to establish a business incubators program within the Depart-ment of the Interior to promote eco-nomic development in Indian reserva-tion communities; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Business Incubators Program Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) entrepreneurs face specific challenges when transforming ideas into profitable busi-ness enterprises; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.066 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1964 March 22, 2018 
(2) entrepreneurs that want to provide products and services in reservation commu-nities face an additional set of challenges that requires special knowledge; (3) a business incubator is an organization that assists entrepreneurs in navigating ob-stacles that prevent innovative ideas from becoming viable businesses by providing services that include— (A) workspace and facilities resources; (B) access to capital, business education, and counseling; (C) networking opportunities; (D) mentorship opportunities; and (E) an environment intended to help estab-lish and expand business operations; (4) the business incubator model is suited to accelerating entrepreneurship in reserva-tion communities because the business incu-bator model promotes collaboration to ad-dress shared challenges and provides individ-ually tailored services for the purpose of overcoming obstacles unique to each partici-pating business; and (5) business incubators will stimulate eco-nomic development by providing Native en-trepreneurs with the tools necessary to grow businesses that offer products and services to reservation communities. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
USINESS INCUBATOR .—The term ‘‘busi-ness incubator’’ means an organization that— (A) provides physical workspace and facili-ties resources to startups and established businesses; and (B) is designed to accelerate the growth and success of businesses through a variety of business support resources and services, including— (i) access to capital, business education, and counseling; (ii) networking opportunities; (iii) mentorship opportunities; and (iv) other services intended to aid in devel-oping a business. (2) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble applicant’’ means an applicant eligible to apply for a grant under section 4(b). (3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). (5) N
ATIVE AMERICAN ; NATIVE .—The terms ‘‘Native American’’ and ‘‘Native’’ have the meaning given the term ‘‘Indian’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (6) N
ATIVE BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘Native business’’ means a business concern that is at least 51-percent owned and controlled by 1 or more Native Americans. (7) N
ATIVE ENTREPRENEUR .—The term ‘‘Na-tive entrepreneur’’ means an entrepreneur who is a Native American. (8) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the program established under section 4(a). (9) R
ESERVATION .—The term ‘‘reservation’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452). (10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (11) T
RIBAL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY .—The term ‘‘tribal college or university’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Tribal College or University’’ in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program in the Office of Indian En-ergy and Economic Development under which the Secretary shall provide financial assistance in the form of competitive grants to eligible applicants for the establishment and operation of business incubators that serve reservation communities by providing business incubation and other business serv-ices to Native businesses and Native entre-preneurs. (b) ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under the program, an applicant shall— (A) be— (i) an Indian tribe; (ii) a tribal college or university; (iii) an institution of higher education; or (iv) a private nonprofit organization or tribal nonprofit organization that— (I) provides business and financial tech-nical assistance; and (II) will commit to serving 1 or more res-ervation communities; (B) be able to provide the physical work-space, equipment, and connectivity nec-essary for Native businesses and Native en-trepreneurs to collaborate and conduct busi-ness on a local, regional, national, and inter-national level; and (C) in the case of an entity described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of subparagraph (A), have been operational for not less than 1 year before receiving a grant under the pro-gram. (2) J
OINT PROJECT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Two or more entities may submit a joint application for a project that combines the resources and expertise of those entities at a physical location dedi-cated to assisting Native businesses and Na-tive entrepreneurs under the program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—A joint application sub-mitted under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) contain a certification that each partic-ipant of the joint project is one of the eligi-ble entities described in paragraph (1)(A); and (ii) demonstrate that together the partici-pants meet the requirements of subpara-graphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1). (c) A
PPLICATION AND SELECTION PROCESS .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—Each eli- gible applicant desiring a grant under the program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, including— (A) a certification that the applicant— (i) is an eligible applicant; (ii) will designate an executive director or program manager, if such director or man-ager has not been designated, to manage the business incubator; and (iii) agrees— (I) to a site evaluation by the Secretary as part of the final selection process; (II) to an annual programmatic and finan-cial examination for the duration of the grant; and (III) to the maximum extent practicable, to remedy any problems identified pursuant to the site evaluation under subclause (I) or an examination under subclause (II); (B) a description of the 1 or more reserva-tion communities to be served by the busi-ness incubator; (C) a 3-year plan that describes— (i) the number of Native businesses and Na-tive entrepreneurs to be participating in the business incubator; (ii) whether the business incubator will focus on a particular type of business or in-dustry; (iii) a detailed breakdown of the services to be offered to Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs participating in the business incubator; and (iv) a detailed breakdown of the services, if any, to be offered to Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs not participating in the business incubator; (D) information demonstrating the effec-tiveness and experience of the eligible appli-cant in— (i) conducting financial, management, and marketing assistance programs designed to educate or improve the business skills of cur-rent or prospective businesses; (ii) working in and providing services to Native American communities; (iii) providing assistance to entities con-ducting business in reservation commu-nities; (iv) providing technical assistance under Federal business and entrepreneurial devel-opment programs for which Native busi-nesses and Native entrepreneurs are eligible; and (v) managing finances and staff effectively; and (E) a site description of the location at which the eligible applicant will provide physical workspace, including a description of the technologies, equipment, and other re-sources that will be available to Native busi-nesses and Native entrepreneurs partici-pating in the business incubator. (2) EVALUATION CONSIDERATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In evaluating each appli-cation, the Secretary shall consider— (i) the ability of the eligible applicant— (I) to operate a business incubator that ef-fectively imparts entrepreneurship and busi-ness skills to Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs, as demonstrated by the expe-rience and qualifications of the eligible ap-plicant; (II) to commence providing services within a minimum period of time, to be determined by the Secretary; and (III) to provide quality incubation services to a significant number of Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs; (ii) the experience of the eligible applicant in providing services in Native American communities, including in the 1 or more res-ervation communities described in the appli-cation; and (iii) the proposed location of the business incubator. (B) P
RIORITY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In evaluating the proposed location of the business incubator under sub-paragraph (A)(iii), the Secretary shall— (I) consider the program goal of achieving broad geographic distribution of business in-cubators; and (II) except as provided in clause (ii), give priority to eligible applicants that will pro-vide business incubation services on or near the reservation of the 1 or more communities that were described in the application. (ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may give priority to an eligible applicant that is not located on or near the reservation of the 1 or more communities that were described in the application if the Secretary determines that— (I) the location of the business incubator will not prevent the eligible applicant from providing quality business incubation serv-ices to Native businesses and Native entre-preneurs from the 1 or more reservation communities to be served; and (II) siting the business incubator in the identified location will serve the interests of the 1 or more reservation communities to be served. (3) S
ITE EVALUATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before making a grant to an eligible applicant, the Secretary shall conduct a site visit, evaluate a video submis-sion, or evaluate a written site proposal (if the applicant is not yet in possession of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.067 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1965 March 22, 2018 
site) of the proposed site to ensure the pro-posed site will permit the eligible applicant to meet the requirements of the program. (B) W
RITTEN SITE PROPOSAL .—A written site proposal shall meet the requirements de-scribed in paragraph (1)(E) and contain— (i) sufficient detail for the Secretary to en-sure in the absence of a site visit or video submission that the proposed site will per-mit the eligible applicant to meet the re-quirements of the program; and (ii) a timeline describing when the eligible applicant will be— (I) in possession of the proposed site; and (II) operating the business incubator at the proposed site. (C) F
OLLOWUP .—Not later than 1 year after awarding a grant to an eligible applicant that submits an application with a written site proposal, the Secretary shall conduct a site visit or evaluate a video submission of the site to ensure the site is consistent with the written site proposal. (d) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) D
URATION .—Each grant awarded under the program shall be for a term of 3 years. (2) P
AYMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall dis-burse grant funds awarded to an eligible ap-plicant in annual installments. (B) M
ORE FREQUENT DISBURSEMENTS .—On request by the applicant, the Secretary may make disbursements of grant funds more fre-quently than annually, on the condition that disbursements shall be made not more fre-quently than quarterly. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INITIAL  
ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an eligible applicant that receives a grant under the program shall pro-vide non-Federal contributions in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the grant amount disbursed each year. (B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, the requirements of sub-paragraph (A) with respect to an eligible ap-plicant if, after considering the ability of the eligible applicant to provide non-Federal contributions, the Secretary determines that— (i) the proposed business incubator will provide quality business incubation services; and (ii) the 1 or more reservation communities to be served are unlikely to receive similar services because of remoteness or other rea-sons that inhibit the provision of business and entrepreneurial development services. (4) R
ENEWALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may renew a grant award under the program for a term not to exceed 3 years. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining whether to renew a grant award, the Sec-retary shall consider with respect to the eli-gible applicant— (i) the results of the annual evaluations of the eligible applicant under subsection (f)(1); (ii) the performance of the business incu-bator of the eligible applicant, as compared to the performance of other business incuba-tors receiving assistance under the program; (iii) whether the eligible applicant con-tinues to be eligible for the program; and (iv) the evaluation considerations for ini-tial awards under subsection (c)(2). (C) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS FOR RE -
NEWALS .—An eligible applicant that receives a grant renewal under subparagraph (A) shall provide non-Federal contributions in an amount equal to not less than 33 percent of the total amount of the grant. (5) N
O DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .—An eligible applicant shall not be awarded a grant under the program that is duplicative of existing Federal funding from another source. (e) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— (1) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible applicant re-ceiving a grant under the program may use grant amounts— (A) to provide physical workspace and fa-cilities for Native businesses and Native en-trepreneurs participating in the business in-cubator; (B) to establish partnerships with other in-stitutions and entities to provide com-prehensive business incubation services to Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs participating in the business incubator; and (C) for any other uses typically associated with business incubators that the Secretary determines to be appropriate and consistent with the purposes of the program. (2) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each eligible applicant receiving a grant under the pro-gram shall— (A) offer culturally tailored incubation services to Native businesses and Native en-trepreneurs; (B) use a competitive process for selecting Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs to participate in the business incubator; (C) provide physical workspace that per-mits Native businesses and Native entre-preneurs to conduct business and collaborate with other Native businesses and Native en-trepreneurs; (D) provide entrepreneurship and business skills training and education to Native busi-nesses and Native entrepreneurs including— (i) financial education, including training and counseling in— (I) applying for and securing business cred-it and investment capital; (II) preparing and presenting financial statements; and (III) managing cash flow and other finan-cial operations of a business; (ii) management education, including training and counseling in planning, organi-zation, staffing, directing, and controlling each major activity or function of a business or startup; and (iii) marketing education, including train-ing and counseling in— (I) identifying and segmenting domestic and international market opportunities; (II) preparing and executing marketing plans; (III) locating contract opportunities; (IV) negotiating contracts; and (V) using varying public relations and ad-vertising techniques; (E) provide direct mentorship or assistance finding mentors in the industry in which the Native business or Native entrepreneur oper-ates or intends to operate; and (F) provide access to networks of potential investors, professionals in the same or simi-lar fields, and other business owners with similar businesses. (3) T
ECHNOLOGY .—Each eligible applicant shall leverage technology to the maximum extent practicable to provide Native busi-nesses and Native entrepreneurs with access to the connectivity tools needed to compete and thrive in 21st-century markets. (f) O
VERSIGHT .— (1) A
NNUAL EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary awards a grant to an eligible applicant under the program, and annually thereafter for the duration of the grant, the Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of, and prepare a re-port on, the eligible applicant, which shall— (A) describe the performance of the eligible applicant; and (B) be used in determining the ongoing eli-gibility of the eligible applicant. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary awards a grant to an eligible applicant under the program, and annually thereafter for the du-ration of the grant, each eligible applicant receiving an award under the program shall submit to the Secretary a report describing the services the eligible applicant provided under the program during the preceding year. (B) REPORT CONTENT .—The report described in subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) a detailed breakdown of the Native busi-nesses and Native entrepreneurs receiving services from the business incubator, includ-ing, for the year covered by the report— (I) the number of Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs participating in or re-ceiving services from the business incubator and the types of services provided to those Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs; (II) the number of Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs established and jobs created or maintained; and (III) the performance of Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs while participating in the business incubator and after gradua-tion or departure from the business incu-bator; and (ii) any other information the Secretary may require to evaluate the performance of a business incubator to ensure appropriate implementation of the program. (C) L
IMITATIONS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall not require an eligible applicant to report under sub-paragraph (A) information provided to the Secretary by the eligible applicant under other programs. (D) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with the heads of other Federal agencies to ensure that, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, the report content and form under subparagraphs (A) and (B) are con-sistent with other reporting requirements for Federal programs that provide business and entrepreneurial assistance. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Secretary first awards funding under the program, and bien-nially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a re-port on the performance and effectiveness of the program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) account for each program year; and (ii) include with respect to each business incubator receiving grant funds under the program— (I) the number of Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs that received business incubation or other services; (II) the number of businesses established with the assistance of the business incu-bator; (III) the number of jobs established or maintained by Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs receiving business incubation services, including a description of where the jobs are located with respect to reservation communities; (IV) to the maximum extent practicable, the amount of capital investment and loan financing accessed by Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs receiving business in-cubation services; and (V) an evaluation of the overall perform-ance of the business incubator. 
SEC. 5. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to implement the program. 
SEC. 6. SCHOOLS TO BUSINESS INCUBATOR PIPE-LINE. 
The Secretary shall facilitate the estab-lishment of relationships between eligible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.067 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1966 March 22, 2018 
applicants receiving funds through the pro-gram and educational institutions serving Native American communities, including tribal colleges and universities. 
SEC. 7. AGENCY PARTNERSHIPS. 
The Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that business incubators receiving grant funds under the program have the information and materials needed to provide Native businesses and Native en-trepreneurs with the information and assist-ance necessary to apply for business and en-trepreneurial development programs admin-istered by the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Commerce, the Depart-ment of the Treasury, and the Small Busi-ness Administration. 
SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 
SA 2224. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1116, to amend the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, and the Na-tive American Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic devel-opment opportunities to Indian com-munities; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Com-munity Economic Enhancement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1)(A) to bring industry and economic de-velopment to Indian communities, Indian tribes must overcome a number of barriers, including— (i) geographical location; (ii) lack of infrastructure or capacity; (iii) lack of sufficient collateral and cap-ital; and (iv) regulatory bureaucracy relating to— (I) development; and (II) access to services provided by the Fed-eral Government; and (B) the barriers described in subparagraph (A) often add to the cost of doing business in Indian communities; (2) Indian tribes— (A) enact laws and exercise sovereign gov-ernmental powers; (B) determine policy for the benefit of trib-al members; and (C) produce goods and services for con-sumers; (3) the Federal Government has— (A) an important government-to-govern-ment relationship with Indian tribes; and (B) a role in facilitating healthy and sus-tainable tribal economies; (4) the input of Indian tribes in developing Federal policy and programs leads to more meaningful and effective measures to assist Indian tribes and Indian entrepreneurs in building tribal economies; (5)(A) many components of tribal infra-structure need significant repair or replace-ment; and (B) access to private capital for projects in Indian communities— (i) may not be available; or (ii) may come at a higher cost than such access for other projects; (6)(A) Federal capital improvement pro-grams, such as those that facilitate tax-ex-empt bond financing and loan guarantees, are tools that help improve or replace crum-bling infrastructure; (B) lack of parity in treatment of an Indian tribe as a governmental entity under Federal tax and certain other regulatory laws im-pedes, in part, the ability of Indian tribes to raise capital through issuance of tax exempt debt, invest as an accredited investor, and benefit from other investment incentives ac-corded to State and local governmental enti-ties; and (C) as a result of the disparity in treat-ment of Indian tribes described in subpara-graph (B), investors may avoid financing, or demand a premium to finance, projects in In-dian communities, making the projects more costly or inaccessible; (7) there are a number of Federal loan guarantee programs available to facilitate fi-nancing of business, energy, economic, hous-ing, and community development projects in Indian communities, and those programs may support public-private partnerships for infrastructure development, but improve-ments and support are needed for those pro-grams specific to Indian communities to fa-cilitate more effectively private financing for infrastructure and other urgent develop-ment needs; and (8)(A) most real property held by Indian tribes is trust or restricted land that essen-tially cannot be held as collateral; and (B) while creative solutions, such as lease-hold mortgages, have been developed in re-sponse to the problem identified in subpara-graph (A), some solutions remain subject to review and approval by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, adding additional costs and delay to tribal projects. SEC. 3. NATIVE AMERICAN BUSINESS DEVELOP-MENT, TRADE PROMOTION, AND TOURISM ACT OF 2000. 
(a) F INDINGS ; PURPOSES .—Section 2 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4301) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY TO INDIAN -OWNED BUSI-
NESSES .—The findings and purposes in sub-sections (a) and (b) shall apply to any Indian- owned business governed— ‘‘(1) by tribal laws regulating trade or com-merce on Indian lands; or ‘‘(2) pursuant to section 5 of the Act of Au-gust 15, 1876 (19 Stat. 200, chapter 289; 25 U.S.C. 261).’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4302) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (6) and paragraphs (7) through (9), as para-graphs (2) through (7) and paragraphs (9) through (11), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of Native American Business Development appointed pursuant to section 4(a)(2).’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(8) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Office of Native American Business Develop-ment established by section 4(a)(1).’’. (c) O
FFICE OF NATIVE AMERICAN BUSINESS  D
EVELOPMENT .—Section 4 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4303) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Department of Commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Office’)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Director’)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) DUTIES OF DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall serve as— ‘‘(A) the program and policy advisor to the Secretary with respect to the trust and gov-ernmental relationship between the United States and Indian tribes; and ‘‘(B) the point of contact for Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Indians regarding— ‘‘(i) policies and programs of the Depart-ment of Commerce; and ‘‘(ii) other matters relating to economic development and doing business in Indian lands. ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENTAL COORDINATION .—The Director shall coordinate with all offices and agencies within the Department of Com-merce to ensure that each office and agency has an accountable process to ensure— ‘‘(A) meaningful and timely coordination and assistance, as required by this Act; and ‘‘(B) consultation with Indian tribes re-garding the policies, programs, assistance, and activities of the offices and agencies. ‘‘(3) O
FFICE OPERATIONS .—There are author-ized to be appropriated to carry out this sec-tion not more than $2,000,000 for each fiscal year.’’. (d) I
NDIAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT INITIA -
TIVES .—The Native American Business De-velopment, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 8 (25 U.S.C. 4307) as section 10; and (2) by inserting after section 7 (25 U.S.C. 4306) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8. INDIAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT INI-TIATIVES. 
‘‘(a) I NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Not later than 1 year after the enactment of this section, the Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall coordinate— ‘‘(1) to develop initiatives that— ‘‘(A) encourage, promote, and provide edu-cation regarding investments in Indian com-munities through— ‘‘(i) the loan guarantee program of Bureau of Indian Affairs under section 201 of the In-dian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1481); ‘‘(ii) programs carried out using amounts in the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund established under section 104(a) of the Community Development Bank-ing and Financial Institutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4703(a)); and ‘‘(iii) other capital development programs; ‘‘(B) examine and develop alternatives that would qualify as collateral for financing in Indian communities; and ‘‘(C) provide entrepreneur and other train-ing relating to economic development through tribally controlled colleges and uni-versities and other Indian organizations with experience in providing such training; ‘‘(2) to consult with Indian tribes and with the Securities and Exchange Commission to study, and collaborate to establish, regu-latory changes necessary to qualify an In-dian tribe as an accredited investor for the purposes of sections 230.500 through 230.508 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), consistent with the goals of promoting capital formation and ensuring qualifying Indian tribes have the ability to withstand investment loss, on a basis com-parable to other legal entities that qualify as accredited investors who are not natural per-sons; ‘‘(3) to identify regulatory, legal, or other barriers to increasing investment, business, and economic development, including quali-fying or approving collateral structures, measurements of economic strength, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.067 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1967 March 22, 2018 
contributions of Indian economies in Indian communities through the Authority estab-lished under section 4 of the Indian Tribal Regulatory Reform and Business Develop-ment Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4301 note); ‘‘(4) to ensure consultation with Indian tribes regarding increasing investment in In-dian communities and the development of the report required in paragraph (5); and ‘‘(5) not less than once every 2 years, to provide a report to Congress regarding— ‘‘(A) improvements to Indian communities resulting from such initiatives and rec-ommendations for promoting sustained growth of the tribal economies; ‘‘(B) results of the study and collaboration regarding the necessary changes referenced in paragraph (2) and the impact of allowing Indian tribes to qualify as an accredited in-vestor; and ‘‘(C) the identified regulatory, legal, and other barriers referenced in paragraph (3). ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—For assistance provided pur-suant to section 108 of the Community De-velopment Banking and Financial Institu-tions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4707) to benefit Native Community Development Financial Institutions, as defined by the Secretary of the Treasury, section 108(e) of such Act shall not apply. ‘‘(c) I
NDIAN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT FEASI-
BILITY STUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Government Ac-countability Office shall conduct a study and, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study and recommenda-tions. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include an assessment of each of the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The study shall assess current Federal capitalization and related programs and services that are available to assist Indian communities with business and economic development, including manufac-turing, physical infrastructure (such as tele-communications and broadband), community development, and facilities construction for such purposes. For each of the Federal pro-grams and services identified, the study shall assess the current use and demand by Indian tribes, individuals, businesses, and commu-nities of the programs, the capital needs of Indian tribes, businesses, and communities related to economic development, and the extent that similar programs have been used to assist non-Indian communities compared to the extent used for Indian communities. ‘‘(B) F
INANCING ASSISTANCE .—The study shall assess and quantify the extent of as-sistance provided to non-Indian borrowers and to Indian (both tribal and individual) borrowers (including information about such assistance as a percentage of need for Indian borrowers and for non-Indian borrowers, as-sistance to Indian borrowers and to non-In-dian borrowers as a percentage of total appli-cants, and such assistance to Indian bor-rowers as individuals as compared to such assistance to Indian tribes) through the loan programs, the loan guarantee programs, or bond guarantee programs of the— ‘‘(i) Department of the Interior; ‘‘(ii) Department of Agriculture; ‘‘(iii) Department of Housing and Urban Development; ‘‘(iv) Department of Energy; ‘‘(v) Small Business Administration; and ‘‘(vi) Community Development Financial Institutions Fund of the Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(C) T
AX INCENTIVES .—The study shall as-sess and quantify the extent of the assist-ance and allocations afforded for non-Indian projects and for Indian projects pursuant to each of the following tax incentive pro-grams: ‘‘(i) New market tax credit. ‘‘(ii) Low income housing tax credit. ‘‘(iii) Investment tax credit. ‘‘(iv) Renewable energy tax incentives. ‘‘(v) Accelerated depreciation. ‘‘(D) TRIBAL INVESTMENT INCENTIVE .—The study shall assess various alternative incen-tives that could be provided to enable and encourage tribal governments to invest in an Indian community development investment fund or bank.’’. 
SEC. 4. BUY INDIAN ACT. 
Section 23 of the Act of June 25, 1910 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Buy Indian Act’’) (36 Stat. 861, chapter 431; 25 U.S.C. 47), is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 23. EMPLOYMENT OF INDIAN LABOR AND PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS OF IN-DIAN INDUSTRY; PARTICIPATION IN MENTOR-PROTEGE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘Indian economic enterprise’ has the meaning given the term in section 1480.201 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). ‘‘(2) M
ENTOR FIRM ; PROTEGE FIRM .—The terms ‘mentor firm’ and ‘protege firm’ have the meanings given those terms in section 831(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 101–510). ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘Secretaries’ means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(b) E
NTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless determined by one of the Secretaries to be impracticable and unreasonable— ‘‘(A) Indian labor shall be employed; and ‘‘(B) purchases of Indian industry products (including printing and facilities construc-tion, notwithstanding any other provision of law) may be made in open market by the Secretaries. ‘‘(2) M
ENTOR -PROTEGE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Participation in the Mentor-Protege Program established under section 831(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 101–510) or re-ceipt of assistance under a developmental as-sistance agreement under that program shall not render any individual or entity involved in the provision of Indian labor or an Indian industry product ineligible to receive assist-ance under this section. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT .—For purposes of this sec-tion, no determination of affiliation or con-trol (whether direct or indirect) may be found between a protege firm and a mentor firm on the basis that the mentor firm has provided, or agreed to provide, to the protege firm, pursuant to a mentor-protege agree-ment, any form of developmental assistance described in section 831(f) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 101–510). ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretaries shall— ‘‘(1) conduct outreach to Indian industrial entities; ‘‘(2) provide training; ‘‘(3) promulgate regulations in accordance with this section and with the regulations under part 1480 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), to harmonize the procurement procedures of the Department of the Interior and the De-partment of Health and Human Services, to the maximum extent practicable; ‘‘(4) require regional offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Serv-ice to aggregate data regarding compliance with this section; ‘‘(5) require procurement management re-views by their respective Departments to in-clude a review of the implementation of this section; and ‘‘(6) consult with Indian tribes, Indian in-dustrial entities, and other stakeholders re-garding methods to facilitate compliance with— ‘‘(A) this section; and ‘‘(B) other small business or procurement goals. ‘‘(d) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, each of the Secre-taries shall submit to the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing, during the period covered by the report, the imple-mentation of this section by each of the re-spective Secretaries. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under this subsection shall include, for each fiscal year during the period covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the names of each agency under the respective jurisdiction of each of the Secre-taries to which this section has been applied, and efforts made by additional agencies within the Secretaries’ respective Depart-ments to use the procurement procedures under this Act; ‘‘(B) a summary of the types of purchases made from, and contracts (including any rel-evant modifications, extensions, or renewals) awarded to, Indian economic enterprises, ex-pressed by agency region; ‘‘(C) a description of the percentage in-crease or decrease in total dollar value and number of purchases and awards made with-in each agency region, as compared to the totals of the region for the preceding fiscal year; ‘‘(D) a description of the methods used by applicable contracting officers and employ-ees to conduct market searches to identify qualified Indian economic enterprises; ‘‘(E) a summary of all deviations granted under section 1480.403 of title 48, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), including a description of— ‘‘(i) the types of alternative procurement methods used, including any Indian owned businesses reported under other procurement goals; and ‘‘(ii) the dollar value of any awards made pursuant to those deviations; ‘‘(F) a summary of all determinations made to provide awards to Indian economic enterprises, including a description of the dollar value of the awards; ‘‘(G) a description or summary of the total number and value of all purchases of, and contracts awarded for, supplies, services, and construction (including the percentage in-crease or decrease, as compared to the pre-ceding fiscal year) from— ‘‘(i) Indian economic enterprises; and ‘‘(ii) non-Indian economic enterprises; ‘‘(H) any administrative, procedural, legal, or other barriers to achieving the purposes of this section, together with recommendations for legislative or administrative actions to address those barriers; and ‘‘(I) for each agency region— ‘‘(i) the total amount spent on purchases made from, and contracts awarded to, Indian economic enterprises; and ‘‘(ii) a comparison of the amount described in clause (i) to the total amount that the agency region would likely have spent on the same purchases made from a non-Indian eco-nomic enterprise or contracts awarded to a non-Indian economic enterprise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.068 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1968 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(e) G OALS .—Each agency shall establish an annual minimum percentage goal for pro-curement in compliance with this section.’’. 
SEC. 5. NATIVE AMERICAN PROGRAMS ACT OF 1974. 
(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR NATIVE  A
MERICAN PROJECTS .—Section 803 of the Na-tive American Programs Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991b) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (c) through (e), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may provide assistance under subsection (a) for projects relating to the purposes of this title to a Native community development finan-cial institution, as defined by the Secretary of the Treasury. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—With regard to not less than 50 percent of the total amount available for assistance under this section, the Com-missioner shall give priority to any applica-tion seeking assistance for— ‘‘(A) the development of a tribal code or court system for purposes of economic devel-opment, including commercial codes, train-ing for court personnel, regulation pursuant to section 5 of the Act of August 15, 1876 (19 Stat. 200, chapter 289; 25 U.S.C. 261), and the development of nonprofit subsidiaries or other tribal business structures; ‘‘(B) the development of a community de-velopment financial institution, including training and administrative expenses; or ‘‘(C) the development of a tribal master plan for community and economic develop-ment and infrastructure.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— Section 804 of the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991c) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Commissioner’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commissioner’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In providing assistance under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall give priority to any application described in section 803(b)(2).’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 816 of the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2992d) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘803(d)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘803(e)’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘such sums as may be nec-essary’’ and inserting ‘‘$34,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘1999, 2000, 2001, and 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SA 2225. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. L
ANKFORD ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula alloca-tions for programs under the Johnson- O’Malley Act, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 27, strike lines 11 through 17. On page 27, line 18, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(1)’’. On page 28, line 7, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’. On page 29, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘and local educational agencies’’ and insert ‘‘, local educational agencies, and Alaska Native or-ganizations’’. On page 29, lines 8 through 10, strike ‘‘In-dian tribes and State educational agencies and local educational agencies’’ and insert ‘‘Indian tribes, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and Alaska Na-tive organizations’’. SA 2226. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R
ISCH) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 116, Official Title Not Available; as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘On page 749, line 12, strike ‘and’ through line 14 ‘are’ and insert ‘is’’’ f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of HUD.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Affairs), and James Ed-ward Campos, of Nevada, to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Im-pact, both of the Department of En-ergy, and James Reilly, of Colorado, to be Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey, Department of the Inte-rior; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 2539, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize certain projects to increase Colorado River System water, S. 2560, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and S. 2563, to improve the water supply and drought resilience of the United States. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘2018 West-ern Water Supply Outlook.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The President’s 2018 Trade Policy Agenda.’’ COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Jill Aiko Otake, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Thomas T. Cullen, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia, Robert K. Hur, to be United States At-torney for the District of Maryland, and David C. Joseph, to )e United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Louisiana, all of the Depart-ment of Justice. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 22, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Liz Weintraub of my staff be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMBER ALERT IN INDIAN COUNTRY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message to accompany S. 772. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 772) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the PRO-TECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN PROPERTY TO THE TANANA TRIBAL COUNCIL AND TO THE BRISTOL BAY AREA HEALTH CORPORATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 24, S. 269. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.068 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1969 March 22, 2018 
The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 269) to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation lo-cated in Dillingham, Alaska, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 269) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 269 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY TO THE TANANA TRIBAL COUNCIL. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 180 days, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Council’’), all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the prop-erty described in subsection (b) for use in connection with health and social services programs. (2) E
FFECT ON ANY QUITCLAIM DEED .—The conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deed under this subsection shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, super-sede and render of no future effect any quit-claim deed to the property described in sub-section (b) executed by the Secretary and the Council. (3) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the property under this section— (A) shall be made by warranty deed; and (B) shall not— (i) require any consideration from the Council for the property; (ii) impose any obligation, term, or condi-tion on the Council; or (iii) allow for any reversionary interest of the United States in the property. (b) P
ROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property, including all land, improvements, and appur-tenances, described in this subsection is the property included in U.S. Survey No. 5958, Lot 12, in the village of Tanana, Alaska, within surveyed Township 4N, Range 22W, Fairbanks Meridian, Alaska, containing 11.25 acres. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY .— (1) L
IABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Council shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, ground-water, or other contamination resulting from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any por-tion of the property described in subsection (b) on or before the date on which the prop-erty is conveyed to the Council. (B) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An environmental contamination described in subparagraph (A) includes any oil or petro-leum products, hazardous substances, haz-ardous materials, hazardous waste, pollut-ants, toxic substances, solid waste, or any other environmental contamination or haz-ard as defined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. (2) EASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-corded any easement or access to the prop-erty conveyed under this section as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy any retained obligation or liability of the Secretary. (3) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE ACTIV -
ITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary shall comply with sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY TO THE BRISTOL BAY AREA HEALTH COR-PORATION. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 180 days, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the Bristol Bay Area Health Cor-poration located in Dillingham, Alaska (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Corpora-tion’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property de-scribed in subsection (b) for use in connec-tion with health and social services pro-grams. (2) E
FFECT ON ANY QUITCLAIM DEED .—The conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deed under this subsection shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, super-sede and render of no future effect any quit-claim deed to the property described in sub-section (b) executed by the Secretary and the Corporation. (3) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the property under this section— (A) shall be made by warranty deed; and (B) shall not— (i) require any consideration from the Cor-poration for the property; (ii) impose any obligation, term, or condi-tion on the Corporation; or (iii) allow for any reversionary interest of the United States in the property. (b) P
ROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property, including all land, improvements, and appur-tenances, described in this subsection is the property included in Dental Annex Subdivi-sion, creating tract 1, a subdivision of Lot 2 of U.S. Survey No. 2013, located in Section 36, Township 13 South, Range 56 West, Sew-ard Meridian, Bristol Bay Recording Dis-trict, Dillingham, Alaska, according to Plat No. 2015-8, recorded on May 28, 2015, in the Bristol Bay Recording District, Dillingham, Alaska, containing 1.474 acres more or less. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY .— (1) L
IABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Corporation shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination result-ing from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in sub-section (b) on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Corporation. (B) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An environmental contamination described in subparagraph (A) includes any oil or petro-leum products, hazardous substances, haz-ardous materials, hazardous waste, pollut-ants, toxic substances, solid waste, or any other environmental contamination or haz-ard as defined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. (2) E
ASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-corded any easement or access to the prop-erty conveyed under this section as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy any retained obligation or liability of the Secretary. (3) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE ACTIV -
ITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary shall comply with sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). f NATIVE AMERICAN BUSINESS INCUBATORS PROGRAM ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 229, S. 607. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 607) to establish a business incu-bators program within the Department of the Interior to promote economic develop-ment in Indian reservation communities. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Hoeven substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2223) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 607), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
INDIAN COMMUNITY ECONOMIC ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 248, S. 1116. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1116) to amend the Native Amer-ican Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy In-dian Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic development opportunities to Indian commu-nities. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italic.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:08 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.087 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1970 March 22, 2018 
S. 1116 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Com-munity Economic Enhancement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1)(A) to bring industry and economic de-velopment to Indian communities, Indian tribes must overcome a number of barriers, including— (i) geographical location; (ii) lack of infrastructure or capacity; (iii) lack of sufficient collateral and cap-ital; and (iv) regulatory bureaucracy relating to— (I) development; and (II) access to services provided by the Fed-eral Government; and (B) the barriers described in subparagraph (A) often add to the cost of doing business in Indian communities; (2) Indian tribes— (A) enact laws and exercise sovereign gov-ernmental powers; (B) determine policy for the benefit of trib-al members; and (C) produce goods and services for con-sumers; (3) the Federal Government has— (A) an important government-to-govern-ment relationship with Indian tribes; and (B) a role in facilitating healthy and sus-tainable tribal economies; (4) the input of Indian tribes in developing Federal policy and programs leads to more meaningful and effective measures to assist Indian tribes and Indian entrepreneurs in building tribal economies; (5)(A) many components of tribal infra-structure need significant repair or replace-ment; and (B) access to private capital for projects in Indian communities— (i) may not be available; or (ii) may come at a higher cost than such access for other projects; (6)(A) Federal capital improvement pro-grams, such as those that facilitate tax-ex-empt bond financing and loan guarantees, are tools that help improve or replace crum-bling infrastructure; (B) lack of parity in treatment of an Indian tribe as a governmental entity under Federal tax and certain other regulatory laws im-pedes, in part, the ability of Indian tribes to raise capital through issuance of tax exempt debt, invest as an accredited investor, and benefit from other investment incentives ac-corded to State and local governmental enti-ties; and (C) as a result of the disparity in treat-ment of Indian tribes described in subpara-graph (B), investors may avoid financing, or demand a premium to finance, projects in In-dian communities, making the projects more costly or inaccessible; (7) there are a number of Federal loan guarantee programs available to facilitate fi-nancing of business, energy, economic, hous-ing, and community development projects in Indian communities, and those programs may support public-private partnerships for infrastructure development, but improve-ments and support are needed for those pro-grams specific to Indian communities to fa-cilitate more effectively private financing for infrastructure and other urgent develop-ment needs; and (8)(A) most real property held by Indian tribes is trust or restricted land that essen-tially cannot be held as collateral; and (B) while creative solutions, such as lease-hold mortgages, have been developed in re-sponse to the problem identified in subpara-graph (A), some solutions remain subject to review and approval by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, adding additional costs and delay to tribal projects. SEC. 3. NATIVE AMERICAN BUSINESS DEVELOP-MENT, TRADE PROMOTION, AND TOURISM ACT OF 2000. 
(a) F INDINGS ; PURPOSES .—Section 2 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4301) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY TO INDIAN -OWNED BUSI-
NESSES .—The findings and purposes in sub-sections (a) and (b) shall apply to any Indian- owned business governed— ‘‘(1) by tribal laws regulating trade or com-merce on Indian lands; or ‘‘(2) pursuant to section 5 of the Act of Au-gust 15, 1876 (19 Stat. 200, chapter 289; 25 U.S.C. 261).’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4302) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (6) and paragraphs (7) through (9), as para-graphs (2) through (7) and paragraphs (9) through (11), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of Native American Business Development appointed pursuant to section 4(a)(2).’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(8) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Office of Native American Business Develop-ment established by section 4(a)(1).’’. (c) O
FFICE OF NATIVE AMERICAN BUSINESS  D
EVELOPMENT .—Section 4 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4303) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Department of Commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Office’)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Director’)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
UTIES OF DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall serve as— ‘‘(A) the program and policy advisor to the Secretary with respect to the trust and gov-ernmental relationship between the United States and Indian tribes; and ‘‘(B) the point of contact for Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Indians regarding— ‘‘(i) policies and programs of the Depart-ment of Commerce; and ‘‘(ii) other matters relating to economic development and doing business in Indian lands. ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENTAL COORDINATION .—The Director shall coordinate with all offices and agencies within the Department of Com-merce to ensure that each office and agency has an accountable process to ensure— ‘‘(A) meaningful and timely coordination and assistance, as required by this Act; and ‘‘(B) consultation with Indian tribes re-garding the policies, programs, assistance, and activities of the offices and agencies. ‘‘(3) O
FFICE OPERATIONS .—There are author-ized to be appropriated to carry out this sec-tion not more than $2,000,000 for each fiscal year.’’. (d) I
NDIAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT INITIA -
TIVES .—The Native American Business De-velopment, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 8 (25 U.S.C. 4307) as section 10; and (2) by inserting after section 7 (25 U.S.C. 4306) the following: ‘‘SEC. 8. INDIAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT INI-TIATIVES. 
‘‘(a) I NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Not later than 1 year after the enactment of this section, the Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall coordinate— ‘‘(1) to develop initiatives that— ‘‘(A) encourage, promote, and provide edu-cation regarding investments in Indian com-munities through— ‘‘(i) the loan guarantee program of Bureau of Indian Affairs under section 201 of the In-dian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1481); ‘‘(ii) programs carried out using amounts in the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund established under section 104(a) of the Community Development Bank-ing and Financial Institutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4703(a)); and ‘‘(iii) other capital development programs; ‘‘(B) examine and develop alternatives that would qualify as collateral for financing in Indian communities; and ‘‘(C) provide entrepreneur and other train-ing relating to economic development through tribally controlled colleges and uni-versities and other Indian organizations with experience in providing such training; ‘‘(2) to consult with Indian tribes and with the Securities and Exchange Commission to study, and collaborate to establish, regulatory changes necessary to qualify an Indian tribe as an accredited investor for the purposes of sections 230.500 through 230.508 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), consistent with the goals of pro-moting capital formation and ensuring quali-fying Indian tribes have the ability to withstand investment loss, on a basis comparable to other legal entities that qualify as accredited investors who are not natural persons; ‘‘(3) to identify regulatory, legal, or other barriers to increasing investment, business, and economic development, including quali-fying or approving collateral structures, measurements of economic strength, and contributions of Indian economies in Indian communities through the Authority estab-lished under section 4 of the Indian Tribal Regulatory Reform and Business Develop-ment Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4301 note); ‘‘(4) to ensure consultation with Indian tribes regarding increasing investment in In-dian communities and the development of the report required in paragraph (5); and ‘‘(5) not less than once every 3 years, to provide a report to Congress regarding im-provements to Indian communities resulting from such initiatives and recommendations for promoting sustained growth of the tribal economies. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—For assistance provided pur-suant to section 108 of the Community De-velopment Banking and Financial Institu-tions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4707) to benefit Native Community Development Financial Institutions, as defined by the Secretary of the Treasury, section 108(e) of such Act shall not apply. ‘‘(c) I
NDIAN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT FEASI-
BILITY STUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Government Ac-countability Office shall conduct a study and, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study and recommenda-tions. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include an assessment of each of the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The study shall assess current Federal capitalization and related programs and services that are available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.103 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1971 March 22, 2018 
assist Indian communities with business and economic development, including manufac-turing, physical infrastructure (such as tele-communications and broadband), community development, and facilities construction for such purposes. For each of the Federal pro-grams and services identified, the study shall assess the current use and demand by Indian tribes, individuals, businesses, and commu-nities of the programs, the capital needs of Indian tribes, businesses, and communities related to economic development, and the extent that similar programs have been used to assist non-Indian communities compared to the extent used for Indian communities. ‘‘(B) F
INANCING ASSISTANCE .—The study shall assess and quantify the extent of as-sistance provided to non-Indian borrowers and to Indian (both tribal and individual) borrowers through the loan programs, the loan guarantee programs, or bond guarantee programs of the— ‘‘(i) Department of the Interior; ‘‘(ii) Department of Agriculture; ‘‘(iii) Department of Housing and Urban Development; ‘‘(iv) Department of Energy; ‘‘(v) Small Business Administration; and ‘‘(vi) Community Development Financial Institutions Fund of the Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(C) T
AX INCENTIVES .—The study shall as-sess and quantify the extent of the assist-ance and allocations afforded for non-Indian projects and for Indian projects pursuant to each of the following tax incentive pro-grams: ‘‘(i) New market tax credit. ‘‘(ii) Low income housing tax credit. ‘‘(iii) Investment tax credit. ‘‘(iv) Renewable energy tax incentives. ‘‘(v) Accelerated depreciation. ‘‘(D) T
RIBAL INVESTMENT INCENTIVE .—The study shall assess various alternative incen-tives that could be provided to enable and encourage tribal governments to invest in an Indian community development investment fund or bank.’’. 
SEC. 4. BUY INDIAN ACT. 
Section 23 of the Act of June 25, 1910 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Buy Indian Act’’) (36 Stat. 861, chapter 431; 25 U.S.C. 47), is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 23. EMPLOYMENT OF INDIAN LABOR AND PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS OF IN-DIAN INDUSTRY; PARTICIPATION IN MENTOR-PROTEGE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘Indian economic enterprise’ has the meaning given the term in section 1480.201 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). ‘‘(2) M
ENTOR FIRM ; PROTEGE FIRM .—The terms ‘mentor firm’ and ‘protege firm’ have the meanings given those terms in section 831(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 101–510). ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘Secretaries’ means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(b) E
NTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless determined by one of the Secretaries to be impracticable and unreasonable— ‘‘(A) Indian labor shall be employed; and ‘‘(B) purchases of Indian industry products (including printing and facilities construc-tion, notwithstanding any other provision of law) may be made in open market by the Secretaries. ‘‘(2) M
ENTOR -PROTEGE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Participation in the Mentor-Protege Program established under section 831(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 101–510) or re-ceipt of assistance under a developmental as-sistance agreement under that program shall not render any individual or entity involved in the provision of Indian labor or an Indian industry product ineligible to receive assist-ance under this section. ‘‘(B) TREATMENT .—For purposes of this sec-tion, no determination of affiliation or con-trol (whether direct or indirect) may be found between a protege firm and a mentor firm on the basis that the mentor firm has provided, or agreed to provide, to the protege firm, pursuant to a mentor-protege agree-ment, any form of developmental assistance described in section 831(f) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 101–510). ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretaries shall— ‘‘(1) conduct outreach to Indian industrial entities; ‘‘(2) provide training; ‘‘(3) promulgate regulations in accordance with this section and with the regulations under part 1480 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), to harmonize the procurement procedures of the Department of the Interior and the De-partment of Health and Human Services, to the maximum extent practicable; ‘‘(4) require regional offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Serv-ice to aggregate data regarding compliance with this section; ‘‘(5) require procurement management re-views by their respective Departments to in-clude a review of the implementation of this section; and ‘‘(6) consult with Indian tribes, Indian in-dustrial entities, and other stakeholders re-garding methods to facilitate compliance with— ‘‘(A) this section; and ‘‘(B) other small business or procurement goals. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, each of the Secre-taries shall submit to the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing, during the period covered by the report, the imple-mentation of this section by each of the re-spective Secretaries. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under this subsection shall include, for each fiscal year during the period covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the names of each agency under the respective jurisdiction of each of the Secre-taries to which this section has been applied, and efforts made by additional agencies within the Secretaries’ respective Depart-ments to use the procurement procedures under this Act; ‘‘(B) a summary of the types of purchases made from, and contracts (including any rel-evant modifications, extensions, or renewals) awarded to, Indian economic enterprises, ex-pressed by agency region; ‘‘(C) a description of the percentage in-crease or decrease in total dollar value and number of purchases and awards made with-in each agency region, as compared to the totals of the region for the preceding fiscal year; ‘‘(D) a description of the methods used by applicable contracting officers and employ-ees to conduct market searches to identify qualified Indian economic enterprises; ‘‘(E) a summary of all deviations granted under section 1480.403 of title 48, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), including a description of— ‘‘(i) the types of alternative procurement methods used, including any Indian owned businesses reported under other procurement goals; and ‘‘(ii) the dollar value of any awards made pursuant to those deviations; ‘‘(F) a summary of all determinations made to provide awards to Indian economic enterprises, including a description of the dollar value of the awards; ‘‘(G) a description or summary of the total number and value of all purchases of, and contracts awarded for, supplies, services, and construction (including the percentage in-crease or decrease, as compared to the pre-ceding fiscal year) from— ‘‘(i) Indian economic enterprises; and ‘‘(ii) non-Indian economic enterprises; and ‘‘(H) any administrative, procedural, legal, or other barriers to achieving the purposes of this section, together with recommendations for legislative or administrative actions to address those barriers. ‘‘(e) GOALS .—Each agency shall establish an annual minimum percentage goal for pro-curement in compliance with this section.’’. 
SEC. 5. NATIVE AMERICAN PROGRAMS ACT OF 1974. 
(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR NATIVE  A
MERICAN PROJECTS .—Section 803 of the Na-tive American Programs Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991b) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (c) through (e), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may provide assistance under subsection (a) for projects relating to the purposes of this title to a Native community development finan-cial institution, as defined by the Secretary of the Treasury. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—With regard to not less than 50 percent of the total amount available for assistance under this section, the Com-missioner shall give priority to any applica-tion seeking assistance for— ‘‘(A) the development of a tribal code or court system for purposes of economic devel-opment, including commercial codes, train-ing for court personnel, regulation pursuant to section 5 of the Act of August 15, 1876 (19 Stat. 200, chapter 289; 25 U.S.C. 261), and the development of nonprofit subsidiaries or other tribal business structures; ‘‘(B) the development of a community de-velopment financial institution, including training and administrative expenses; or ‘‘(C) the development of a tribal master plan for community and economic develop-ment and infrastructure.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— Section 804 of the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991c) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Commissioner’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commissioner’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In providing assistance under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall give priority to any application described in section 803(b)(2).’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 816 of the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2992d) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘803(d)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘803(e)’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘1999, 2000, 2001, and 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.103 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1972 March 22, 2018 
amendments be withdrawn, the Hoeven substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were withdrawn. The amendment (No. 2224) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 1116), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KLAMATH TRIBE JUDGMENT FUND REPEAL ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 272, S. 1223. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1223) to repeal the Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be inserted is shown in Italics.) 
S. 1223 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Repeal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL. 
Public Law 89–224 (commonly know as the ‘‘Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act’’) (79 Stat. 897) is repealed. 
SEC. 3. DISBURSEMENT OF REMAINING FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding any provision of Public Law 89–224 (79 Stat. 897) (as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act) relating to the distribution or use of funds, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall disburse to the Klamath Tribe the balance of any funds that, on or before the date of enactment of this Act, were appropriated or deposited into the trust accounts for remaining legal fees and ad-ministration and per capita trust accounts, as identified by the Secretary of the Interior, under that Act (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 1223), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
JOHNSON-O’MALLEY SUPPLE-MENTAL INDIAN EDUCATION PROGRAM MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 295, S. 943. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 943) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehen-sive student count for the purposes of calcu-lating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Johnson- O’Malley Supplemental Indian Education Pro-gram Modernization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INDIAN EDUCATION PROGRAM STUDENT COUNT UPDATE. 
The Act of April 16, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5342 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the Johnson- O’Malley Act) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7. COMPUTATION OF STUDENT COUNT. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this Act, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTING PARTY .—The term ‘con-tracting party’ means an entity that has a con-tract through a program authorized under this Act. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means an entity that is eligible to apply for a contract for a supplemental or operational support program under this Act, as outlined in section 1. ‘‘(3) E
XISTING CONTRACTING PARTY .—The term ‘existing contracting party’ means a contracting party that has a contract under this Act that is in effect on the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(4) JOM 
MODERNIZATION ACT .—The term ‘JOM Modernization Act’ means the Johnson- O’Malley Supplemental Indian Education Pro-gram Modernization Act. ‘‘(5) N
EW CONTRACTING PARTY .—The term ‘new contracting party’ means an entity that enters into a contract under this Act after the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF THE NUMBER OF ELI-
GIBLE INDIAN STUDENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make an initial determination of the number of eligi-ble Indian students served or potentially served by each eligible entity in accordance with sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) PROCESS FOR MAKING THE INITIAL DETER -
MINATION .— ‘‘(i) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act, the Secretary shall publish a preliminary report describing the number of eligible Indian students served or potentially served by each eligible entity, using the most ap-plicable and accurate data (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with eligible enti-ties) from the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the initial determination is to be made from— ‘‘(I) the Bureau of the Census; ‘‘(II) the National Center for Education Sta-tistics; or ‘‘(III) the Office of Indian Education of the Department of Education. ‘‘(ii) D
ATA RECONCILIATION .—To improve the accuracy of the preliminary report described in clause (i) prior to publishing, the Secretary shall reconcile the data described in the preliminary report with— ‘‘(I) each existing contracting party’s data re-garding the number of eligible Indian students served by the existing contracting party for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the initial determination is made; and ‘‘(II) identifiable tribal enrollment informa-tion. ‘‘(iii) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—After publishing the preliminary report under clause (i) in accord-ance with clause (ii), the Secretary shall estab-lish a 60-day comment period to gain feedback about the preliminary report from eligible enti-ties, which the Secretary shall take into consid-eration in preparing the final report described in clause (iv). ‘‘(iv) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after concluding the consultation described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall publish a final report on the initial determination of the num-ber of eligible Indian students served or poten-tially served by each eligible entity, including justification for not including any feedback gained during such consultation, if applicable. ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT ACADEMIC YEARS .—For each academic year following the fiscal year for which an initial determination is made under paragraph (1) to determine the number of eligi-ble Indian students served or potentially served by a contracting party, the Secretary shall de-termine the number of eligible Indian students served by the contracting party based on the re-ported eligible Indian student count numbers identified through the reporting process de-scribed in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTING PARTY STUDENT COUNT RE-
PORTING COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each academic year fol-lowing the fiscal year for which an initial deter-mination is made under subsection (b) to deter-mine the number of eligible Indian students served or potentially served by a contracting party, the contracting party shall submit to the Secretary a report describing the number of eli-gible Indian students who were served using amounts allocated to such party under this Act during the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—A contracting party that fails to submit a report under para-graph (1) shall receive no amounts under this Act for the fiscal year following the academic year for which the report should have been sub-mitted. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall provide contracting parties with timely information re-lating to— ‘‘(A) initial and final reporting deadlines; and ‘‘(B) the consequences of failure to comply outlined in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Bureau of In-dian Education, shall provide technical assist-ance and training on compliance with the re-porting requirements of this subsection to con-tracting parties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.089 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1973 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(d) A NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall prepare an annual report, including the most recent de-termination of the number of eligible Indian stu-dents served by each contracting party, rec-ommendations on appropriate funding levels for the program based on such determination, and an assessment of the contracts under this Act that the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may include in the budget request of the Department of the Interior for each fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) shall submit to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(ii) the Subcommittee on Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iv) the Subcommittee on Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) M
ANNER OF PREPARATION .—The Secretary shall prepare the report under paragraph (1) in a manner so as to prevent or minimize new ad-ministrative burdens on contracting parties re-ceiving funds under this Act. ‘‘(e) H
OLDHARMLESS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL HOLD HARMLESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under subparagraph (B) and subject to subparagraphs (C) and (D), for a fiscal year, an existing con-tracting party shall not receive an amount under this Act that is less than the amount that such existing contracting party received under this Act for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An existing contracting party shall receive an amount under this Act for a fiscal year that is less than the amount that the existing contracting party received under this Act for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act, if 1 or more of the following conditions is met: ‘‘(I) F
AILURE TO REPORT .—The existing con-tracting party failed to submit the report de-scribed in subsection (c) that was most recently due from the date of the determination. ‘‘(II) V
IOLATIONS OF CONTRACT OR LAW .—The Secretary has found that the existing con-tracting party has violated the terms of a con-tract entered into under this Act or has other-wise violated Federal law. ‘‘(III) S
TUDENT COUNT DECREASE .—The num- ber of eligible Indian students reported by such existing contracting party under subsection (c) has decreased below the number of eligible In-dian students served by the existing contracting party in the fiscal year preceding the date of en-actment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF FUNDING REDUCTION FOR EX -
ISTING CONTRACTING PARTIES REPORTING DE -
CREASED STUDENT COUNTS .—A reduction in an amount pursuant to clause (i)(III) shall not be done in such a manner that the existing con-tracting party receives an amount of funding per eligible Indian student that is less than the amount of funding per eligible Indian student such party received for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Moderniza-tion Act. ‘‘(C) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS IN APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—If the funds available under this Act for a fiscal year are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all existing contracting parties are eligible to receive under subparagraph (A) for the fiscal year, the Secretary shall ratably re-duce those amounts for the fiscal year. ‘‘(D) S
UNSET .—This paragraph shall cease to be effective 4 years after the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM DECREASE AFTER 4 YEARS .—Be- ginning 4 years after the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act, no contracting party shall receive for a fiscal year more than a 10 percent decrease in funding per eligible In-dian student from the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(f) FUNDING ALLOCATION AND REFORM .— ‘‘(1) P
RESENT DAY PER STUDENT FUNDING AL -
LOCATION .—Not later than 60 days after an ini-tial determination is made under subsection (b), the Secretary shall propose, in consultation with Indian tribes and contracting parties, a present day per student funding allocation that shall serve as a funding baseline under this Act. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING REFORM .—The Secretary may make recommendations for legislation to in-crease the amount of funds available per eligible Indian student through contracts under this Act to equal to or greater than the amount of funds that were available per eligible Indian student through contracts under this Act for fiscal year 1995, and attempt to identify additional sources of funding that do not reallocate existing funds otherwise utilized by Indian students served— ‘‘(A) by the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(B) under title VI of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). ‘‘(3) I
NCREASES IN PROGRAM FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (e) and subparagraph (B), for any fiscal year for which the amount appropriated to carry out this Act exceeds the amount appropriated to carry out this Act for the preceding fiscal year, the excess amounts shall— ‘‘(i) be allocated only to those contracting parties that did not receive their full per student funding allocation for the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) be allocated first to new contracting par-ties that did not receive their full per student funding allocation for the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(B) P
ARITY IN FUNDING .—Subparagraph (A) shall have no effect after the first fiscal year for which each contracting party receives their full per student funding allocation. ‘‘(g) I
NCREASED GEOGRAPHICAL AND TRIBAL  P
ARTICIPATION IN THE JOHNSON -O’M ALLEY SUP-
PLEMENTARY EDUCATION PROGRAM .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall consult with Indian tribes and contact State educational agencies and local educational agencies that have not previously entered into a contract under this Act— ‘‘(1) to determine the interest of the Indian tribes and State educational agencies and local educational agencies in entering into such con-tracts; and ‘‘(2) to share information relating to the proc-ess for entering into a contract under this Act. ‘‘(h) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the JOM Mod-ernization Act, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Indian Education, shall undertake and complete a rulemaking process, following the provisions of subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, to— ‘‘(A) determine how the regulatory definition of ‘eligible Indian student’ may be revised to clarify eligibility requirements for contracting parties under this Act; ‘‘(B) determine, as necessary, how the funding formula described in section 273.31 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act) may be clarified and revised to ensure full participation of contracting par-ties and provide clarity on the funding process under this Act; and ‘‘(C) otherwise reconcile and modernize the rules to comport with the activities of the con-tracting parties under this Act as of the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date the rulemaking under paragraph (1) is complete, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress describing the results of such rule-making and necessary recommendations to en-sure the full implementation of such rule-making. ‘‘(i) S
TUDENT PRIVACY .—The Secretary shall ensure that data is collected and each report is prepared under this section in a manner that protects the rights of eligible Indian students in accordance with section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (commonly referred to as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974) (20 U.S.C. 1232g). ‘‘(j) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the final report described in subsection (b)(1)(B)(iv) is published, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the implementation of this section during the preceding two-year pe-riod, including any factors impacting— ‘‘(A) the accuracy of the determinations of the number of eligible Indian students under this section; ‘‘(B) the communication between the Bureau of Indian Education and contracting parties; and ‘‘(C) the efforts by the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation to ensure accurate and sufficient dis-tribution of funding for Indian students; ‘‘(2) submit a report describing the results of the review under paragraph (1) to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Subcommittee on Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(D) the Subcommittee on Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(3) make such report publicly available. ‘‘(k) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— ‘‘(1) creates a new program or duplicates pro-gram activities under this Act; or ‘‘(2) replaces or diminishes the effect of regu-lations to carry out this Act existing on the day before the date of enactment of the JOM Mod-ernization Act, unless expressly provided in this section.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Lankford amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to the com-mittee-reported substitute amend-ment, as amended, be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2225) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To include Alaska Native organizations in consultations) On page 27, strike lines 11 through 17. On page 27, line 18, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(1)’’. On page 28, line 7, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’. On page 29, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘and local educational agencies’’ and insert ‘‘, local educational agencies, and Alaska Native or-ganizations’’. On page 29, lines 8 through 10, strike ‘‘In-dian tribes and State educational agencies and local educational agencies’’ and insert ‘‘Indian tribes, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and Alaska Na-tive organizations’’. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.104 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1974 March 22, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 943), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 943 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Johnson- O’Malley Supplemental Indian Education Program Modernization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INDIAN EDUCATION PROGRAM STUDENT COUNT UPDATE. 
The Act of April 16, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5342 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the Johnson- O’Malley Act) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7. COMPUTATION OF STUDENT COUNT. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this Act, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTING PARTY .—The term ‘con-tracting party’ means an entity that has a contract through a program authorized under this Act. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that is eligible to apply for a contract for a supplemental or operational support program under this Act, as outlined in section 1. ‘‘(3) E
XISTING CONTRACTING PARTY .—The term ‘existing contracting party’ means a contracting party that has a contract under this Act that is in effect on the date of en-actment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(4) JOM 
MODERNIZATION ACT .—The term ‘JOM Modernization Act’ means the John-son-O’Malley Supplemental Indian Edu-cation Program Modernization Act. ‘‘(5) N
EW CONTRACTING PARTY .—The term ‘new contracting party’ means an entity that enters into a contract under this Act after the date of enactment of the JOM Mod-ernization Act. ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF THE NUMBER OF ELI-
GIBLE INDIAN STUDENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make an initial determination of the number of eligible Indian students served or poten-tially served by each eligible entity in ac-cordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
ROCESS FOR MAKING THE INITIAL DE -
TERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act, the Secretary shall publish a preliminary report describing the number of eligible Indian students served or potentially served by each eligible entity, using the most applicable and accurate data (as determined by the Secretary in consulta-tion with eligible entities) from the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the initial determination is to be made from— ‘‘(I) the Bureau of the Census; ‘‘(II) the National Center for Education Statistics; or ‘‘(III) the Office of Indian Education of the Department of Education. ‘‘(ii) D
ATA RECONCILIATION .—To improve the accuracy of the preliminary report de-scribed in clause (i) prior to publishing, the Secretary shall reconcile the data described in the preliminary report with— ‘‘(I) each existing contracting party’s data regarding the number of eligible Indian stu-dents served by the existing contracting party for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the initial determination is made; and ‘‘(II) identifiable tribal enrollment infor-mation. ‘‘(iii) COMMENT PERIOD .—After publishing the preliminary report under clause (i) in ac-cordance with clause (ii), the Secretary shall establish a 60-day comment period to gain feedback about the preliminary report from eligible entities, which the Secretary shall take into consideration in preparing the final report described in clause (iv). ‘‘(iv) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after concluding the consultation de-scribed in clause (iii), the Secretary shall publish a final report on the initial deter-mination of the number of eligible Indian students served or potentially served by each eligible entity, including justification for not including any feedback gained during such consultation, if applicable. ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT ACADEMIC YEARS .—For each academic year following the fiscal year for which an initial determination is made under paragraph (1) to determine the number of eligible Indian students served or poten-tially served by a contracting party, the Sec-retary shall determine the number of eligible Indian students served by the contracting party based on the reported eligible Indian student count numbers identified through the reporting process described in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTING PARTY STUDENT COUNT  R
EPORTING COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each academic year following the fiscal year for which an initial determination is made under subsection (b) to determine the number of eligible Indian students served or potentially served by a contracting party, the contracting party shall submit to the Secretary a report de-scribing the number of eligible Indian stu-dents who were served using amounts allo-cated to such party under this Act during the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—A contracting party that fails to submit a report under paragraph (1) shall receive no amounts under this Act for the fiscal year following the aca-demic year for which the report should have been submitted. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall provide contracting parties with timely information relating to— ‘‘(A) initial and final reporting deadlines; and ‘‘(B) the consequences of failure to comply outlined in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Indian Education, shall provide technical assistance and training on compli-ance with the reporting requirements of this subsection to contracting parties. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-pare an annual report, including the most re-cent determination of the number of eligible Indian students served by each contracting party, recommendations on appropriate funding levels for the program based on such determination, and an assessment of the con-tracts under this Act that the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may include in the budget request of the Department of the Interior for each fis-cal year; and ‘‘(B) shall submit to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(ii) the Subcommittee on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iv) the Subcommittee on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) M
ANNER OF PREPARATION .—The Sec- retary shall prepare the report under para-graph (1) in a manner so as to prevent or minimize new administrative burdens on contracting parties receiving funds under this Act. ‘‘(e) HOLDHARMLESS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL HOLD HARMLESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under subparagraph (B) and subject to sub-paragraphs (C) and (D), for a fiscal year, an existing contracting party shall not receive an amount under this Act that is less than the amount that such existing contracting party received under this Act for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An existing contracting party shall receive an amount under this Act for a fiscal year that is less than the amount that the existing contracting party received under this Act for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Mod-ernization Act, if 1 or more of the following conditions is met: ‘‘(I) F
AILURE TO REPORT .—The existing con-tracting party failed to submit the report de-scribed in subsection (c) that was most re-cently due from the date of the determina-tion. ‘‘(II) V
IOLATIONS OF CONTRACT OR LAW .—The Secretary has found that the existing con-tracting party has violated the terms of a contract entered into under this Act or has otherwise violated Federal law. ‘‘(III) S
TUDENT COUNT DECREASE .—The num- ber of eligible Indian students reported by such existing contracting party under sub-section (c) has decreased below the number of eligible Indian students served by the ex-isting contracting party in the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF FUNDING REDUCTION FOR  
EXISTING CONTRACTING PARTIES REPORTING DE -
CREASED STUDENT COUNTS .—A reduction in an amount pursuant to clause (i)(III) shall not be done in such a manner that the existing contracting party receives an amount of funding per eligible Indian student that is less than the amount of funding per eligible Indian student such party received for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(C) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS IN APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—If the funds available under this Act for a fiscal year are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all existing contracting parties are eligible to receive under subpara-graph (A) for the fiscal year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce those amounts for the fiscal year. ‘‘(D) S
UNSET .—This paragraph shall cease to be effective 4 years after the date of en-actment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM DECREASE AFTER 4 YEARS .— Beginning 4 years after the date of enact-ment of the JOM Modernization Act, no con-tracting party shall receive for a fiscal year more than a 10 percent decrease in funding per eligible Indian student from the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(f) F
UNDING ALLOCATION AND REFORM .— ‘‘(1) F
UNDING REFORM .—The Secretary may make recommendations for legislation to in-crease the amount of funds available per eli-gible Indian student through contracts under this Act to equal to or greater than the amount of funds that were available per eli-gible Indian student through contracts under this Act for fiscal year 1995, and attempt to identify additional sources of funding that do not reallocate existing funds otherwise utilized by Indian students served— ‘‘(A) by the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(B) under title VI of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). ‘‘(2) I
NCREASES IN PROGRAM FUNDING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.093 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1975 March 22, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (e) and subparagraph (B), for any fiscal year for which the amount appropriated to carry out this Act exceeds the amount appropriated to carry out this Act for the preceding fiscal year, the excess amounts shall— ‘‘(i) be allocated only to those contracting parties that did not receive their full per stu-dent funding allocation for the previous fis-cal year; and ‘‘(ii) be allocated first to new contracting parties that did not receive their full per stu-dent funding allocation for the previous fis-cal year. ‘‘(B) P
ARITY IN FUNDING .—Subparagraph (A) shall have no effect after the first fiscal year for which each contracting party receives their full per student funding allocation. ‘‘(g) I
NCREASED GEOGRAPHICAL AND TRIBAL  P
ARTICIPATION IN THE JOHNSON -O’M ALLEY  S
UPPLEMENTARY EDUCATION PROGRAM .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Sec-retary shall consult with Indian tribes and contact State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and Alaska Native or-ganizations that have not previously entered into a contract under this Act— ‘‘(1) to determine the interest of the Indian tribes, State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and Alaska Native organi-zations, in entering into such contracts; and ‘‘(2) to share information relating to the process for entering into a contract under this Act. ‘‘(h) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the JOM Mod-ernization Act, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Indian Education, shall undertake and complete a rulemaking process, following the provisions of subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, to— ‘‘(A) determine how the regulatory defini-tion of ‘eligible Indian student’ may be re-vised to clarify eligibility requirements for contracting parties under this Act; ‘‘(B) determine, as necessary, how the funding formula described in section 273.31 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the JOM Modernization Act) may be clarified and revised to ensure full participa-tion of contracting parties and provide clar-ity on the funding process under this Act; and ‘‘(C) otherwise reconcile and modernize the rules to comport with the activities of the contracting parties under this Act as of the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date the rulemaking under paragraph (1) is complete, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to Congress describing the results of such rulemaking and necessary rec-ommendations to ensure the full implemen-tation of such rulemaking. ‘‘(i) S
TUDENT PRIVACY .—The Secretary shall ensure that data is collected and each report is prepared under this section in a manner that protects the rights of eligible Indian students in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly referred to as the Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974) (20 U.S.C. 1232g). ‘‘(j) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the final report described in subsection (b)(1)(B)(iv) is published, the Comptroller General shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the implementa-tion of this section during the preceding two- year period, including any factors impact-ing— ‘‘(A) the accuracy of the determinations of the number of eligible Indian students under this section; ‘‘(B) the communication between the Bu-reau of Indian Education and contracting parties; and ‘‘(C) the efforts by the Bureau of Indian Education to ensure accurate and sufficient distribution of funding for Indian students; ‘‘(2) submit a report describing the results of the review under paragraph (1) to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Subcommittee on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs of the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(D) the Subcommittee on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(3) make such report publicly available. ‘‘(k) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section— ‘‘(1) creates a new program or duplicates program activities under this Act; or ‘‘(2) replaces or diminishes the effect of regulations to carry out this Act existing on the day before the date of enactment of the JOM Modernization Act, unless expressly provided in this section.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHILDHOOD CANCER STAR ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 342, S. 292. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 292) to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treat-ment, Access, and Research Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘Childhood Cancer STAR Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING RESEARCH THROUGH DISCOVERY Subtitle A—Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Reauthorization Act Sec. 101. Children’s cancer biorepositories and biospecimen research. Sec. 102. Improving Childhood Cancer Surveil-lance. Subtitle B—Pediatric Expertise at NIH Sec. 111. Inclusion of at least one pediatric oncologist on the National Cancer Advisory Board. Sec. 112. Sense of Congress regarding pediatric expertise at the National Cancer Institute. Subtitle C—NIH Reporting on Childhood Cancer Activities Sec. 121. Reporting on childhood cancer re-search projects. TITLE II—MAXIMIZING DELIVERY: CARE, QUALITY OF LIFE, SURVIVORSHIP, AND CAREGIVER SUPPORT Sec. 201. Cancer survivorship programs. Sec. 202. Grants to improve care for pediatric cancer survivors. Sec. 203. Best practices for long-term follow-up services for pediatric cancer sur-vivors. Sec. 204. Technical amendment. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING RESEARCH THROUGH DISCOVERY Subtitle A—Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Reauthorization Act SEC. 101. CHILDREN’S CANCER BIOREPOSITORIES AND BIOSPECIMEN RESEARCH. 
Section 417E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285a–11) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RE-
SEARCH AND AWARENESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RE-
SEARCH , AWARENESS , AND SURVIVORSHIP ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
HILDREN ’SCANCER BIOREPOSITORIES .— ‘‘(1) A
WARD .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of NIH, may make awards to an en-tity or entities described in paragraph (4) to build upon existing research efforts to collect biospecimens and clinical and demographic in-formation of children, adolescents, and young adults with selected cancer subtypes (and their recurrences) for which current treatments are least effective, in order to achieve a better un-derstanding of the causes of such cancer subtypes (and their recurrences), and the effects and outcomes of treatments for such cancers. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts received under an award under paragraph (1) may be used to carry out the following: ‘‘(A) Collect and store high-quality, donated biospecimens and associated clinical and demo-graphic information on children, adolescents, and young adults diagnosed with cancer in the United States, focusing on children, adolescents, and young adults with cancer enrolled in clin-ical trials for whom current treatments are least effective. Activities under this subparagraph may include storage of biospecimens and associ-ated clinical and demographic data at existing biorepositories supported by the National Can-cer Institute. ‘‘(B) Maintain an interoperable, secure, and searchable database on stored biospecimens and associated clinical and demographic data from children, adolescents, and young adults with cancer for the purposes of research by scientists and qualified health care professionals. ‘‘(C) Establish and implement procedures for evaluating applications for access to such bio-specimens and clinical and demographic data from researchers and other qualified health care professionals. ‘‘(D) Provide access to biospecimens and clin-ical and demographic data from children, ado-lescents, and young adults with cancer to re-searchers and qualified health care profes-sionals for peer-reviewed research— ‘‘(i) consistent with the procedures established pursuant to subparagraph (C); ‘‘(ii) only to the extent permitted by applicable Federal and State law; and ‘‘(iii) in a manner that protects personal pri-vacy to the extent required by applicable Fed-eral and State privacy law, at minimum. ‘‘(3) N
O REQUIREMENT .—No child, adolescent, or young adult with cancer shall be required under this subsection to contribute a specimen to a biorepository or share clinical or demo-graphic data. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION ; CONSIDERATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive an award under paragraph (1) an entity shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.107 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1976 March 22, 2018 
submit an application to the Secretary at such a time, in such manner, and containing such in-formation as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In evaluating appli-cations submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider the existing infrastruc-ture of the entity that would allow for the time-ly capture of biospecimens and related clinical and demographic information for children, ado-lescents, and young adults with cancer for whom current treatments are least effective. ‘‘(5) P
RIVACY PROTECTIONS AND INFORMED  
CONSENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not make an award under paragraph (1) to an enti-ty unless the Secretary ensures that such enti-ty— ‘‘(i) collects biospecimens and associated clin-ical and demographic information only from participants who have given their informed con-sent in accordance with Federal and State law; and ‘‘(ii) protects personal privacy to the extent required by applicable Federal and State law, at minimum. ‘‘(B) I
NFORMED CONSENT .—The Secretary shall ensure biospecimens and associated clinical and demographic information are collected with in-formed consent, as described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(6) G
UIDELINES AND OVERSIGHT .—The Sec- retary shall develop and disseminate appro-priate guidelines for the development and main-tenance of the biorepositories supported under this subsection, including appropriate oversight, to facilitate further research on select cancer subtypes (and their recurrences) in children, adolescents, and young adults with such can-cers (and their recurrences). ‘‘(7) C
OORDINATION .—To encourage the great-est possible efficiency and effectiveness of feder-ally supported efforts with respect to the activi-ties described in this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure the appropriate coordination of programs supported under this section with ex-isting federally supported cancer registry pro-grams and the activities under section 399E–1, as appropriate. ‘‘(8) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds pro-vided under this subsection shall be used to sup-plement, and not supplant, Federal and non- Federal funds available for carrying out the ac-tivities described in this subsection. ‘‘(9) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Childhood Cancer Sur-vivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(A) the number of biospecimens and cor-responding clinical demographic data collected through the biospecimen research efforts sup-ported under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the number of biospecimens and cor-responding clinical demographic data requested for use by researchers; ‘‘(C) barriers to the collection of biospecimens and corresponding clinical demographic data; ‘‘(D) barriers experienced by researchers or health care professionals in accessing the bio-specimens and corresponding clinical demo-graphic data necessary for use in research; and ‘‘(E) recommendations with respect to improv-ing the biospecimen and biorepository research efforts under this subsection. ‘‘(10) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
WARD .—The term ‘award’ includes a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) B
IOSPECIMEN .—The term ‘biospecimen’ includes— ‘‘(i) solid tumor tissue or bone marrow; ‘‘(ii) normal or control tissue; ‘‘(iii) blood and plasma; ‘‘(iv) DNA and RNA extractions; ‘‘(v) familial DNA; and ‘‘(vi) any other sample relevant to cancer re-search, as required by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) CLINICAL AND DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘clinical and demographic in-formation’ includes— ‘‘(i) date of diagnosis; ‘‘(ii) age at diagnosis; ‘‘(iii) the patient’s sex, race, ethnicity, and environmental exposures; ‘‘(iv) extent of disease at enrollment; ‘‘(v) site of metastases; ‘‘(vi) location of primary tumor coded; ‘‘(vii) histologic diagnosis; ‘‘(viii) tumor marker data when available; ‘‘(ix) treatment and outcome data; ‘‘(x) information related to specimen quality; and ‘‘(xi) any other applicable information re-quired by the Secretary.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 202 note)’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPROVING CHILDHOOD CANCER SUR-VEILLANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 399E–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280e–3a) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall award a grant’’ and in-serting ‘‘may make awards to State cancer reg-istries’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘track the epidemiology of pe-diatric cancer into a comprehensive nationwide registry of actual occurrences of pediatric can-cer’’ and inserting ‘‘collect information to better understand the epidemiology of cancer in chil-dren, adolescents, and young adults’’; and (C) by striking the second sentence and insert-ing ‘‘Such registries may be updated to include each occurrence of such cancers within a period of time designated by the Secretary.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The grants described in sub-section (a) may be used for— ‘‘(1) identifying, recruiting, and training po-tential sources for reporting childhood, adoles-cent, and young adult cancer cases; ‘‘(2) developing practices to ensure early in-clusion of childhood, adolescent, and young adult cancer cases in State cancer registries through the use of electronic reporting; ‘‘(3) collecting and submitting deidentified data to the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention for inclusion in a national database that includes information on childhood, adoles-cent, and young adult cancers; and ‘‘(4) improving State cancer registries and the database described in paragraph (3), as appro-priate, including to support the early inclusion of childhood, adolescent, and young adult can-cer cases. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—To encourage the great-est possible efficiency and effectiveness of feder-ally supported efforts with respect to the activi-ties described in this section, the Secretary shall ensure the appropriate coordination of programs supported under this section with other feder-ally supported cancer registry programs and the activities under section 417E(a), as appro-priate.’’; and (4) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘registry established pursuant to sub-section (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘activities described in this section’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 417E(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285a–11(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2009 through 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. Subtitle B—Pediatric Expertise at NIH 
SEC. 111. INCLUSION OF AT LEAST ONE PEDI-ATRIC ONCOLOGIST ON THE NA-TIONAL CANCER ADVISORY BOARD. 
Clause (iii) of section 406(h)(2)(A) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284a(h)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Board not less than five’’ and inserting ‘‘Board— ‘‘(I) not less than 5’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) not less than one member shall be an in-dividual knowledgeable in pediatric oncology;’’. SEC. 112. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PEDI-ATRIC EXPERTISE AT THE NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Director of the National Cancer Institute should ensure that all applicable study sections, committees, advisory groups, and panels at the National Cancer Institute include one or more qualified pediatric oncologists, as appropriate. Subtitle C—NIH Reporting on Childhood Cancer Activities 
SEC. 121. REPORTING ON CHILDHOOD CANCER RESEARCH PROJECTS. 
The Director of the National Institutes of Health shall ensure that childhood cancer re-search projects conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health are included in appropriate reports to Congress, which may in-clude the Pediatric Research Initiative report. TITLE II—MAXIMIZING DELIVERY: CARE, QUALITY OF LIFE, SURVIVORSHIP, AND CAREGIVER SUPPORT 
SEC. 201. CANCER SURVIVORSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS TO EXPLORE MODEL SYS-
TEMS OF CARE FOR PEDIATRIC CANCER SUR-
VIVORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may make awards to eligible entities to establish pilot programs to develop, study, or evaluate model systems for monitoring and caring for childhood cancer survivors throughout their lifespan, including evaluation of models for transition to adult care and care coordination. (2) A
WARDS .— (A) T
YPES OF ENTITIES .—In making awards under this subsection, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, include— (i) small, medium, and large-sized eligible enti-ties; and (ii) sites located in different geographic areas, including rural and urban areas. (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a medical school; (ii) a children’s hospital; (iii) a cancer center; (iv) a community-based medical facility; or (v) any other entity with significant experi-ence and expertise in treating survivors of child-hood cancers. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds awarded under this subsection may be used— (A) to develop, study, or evaluate one or more models for monitoring and caring for cancer sur-vivors; and (B) in developing, studying, and evaluating such models, to give special emphasis to— (i) design of models of follow-up care, moni-toring, and other survivorship programs (includ-ing peer support and mentoring programs); (ii) development of models for providing multi-disciplinary care; (iii) dissemination of information to health care providers about culturally and linguis-tically appropriate follow-up care for cancer survivors and their families, as appropriate and practicable; (iv) development of psychosocial and support programs to improve the quality of life of cancer survivors and their families, which may include peer support and mentoring programs; (v) design of systems for the effective transfer of treatment information and care summaries from cancer care providers to other health care providers (including risk factors and a plan for recommended follow-up care); (vi) dissemination of the information and pro-grams described in clauses (i) through (v) to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.105 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1977 March 22, 2018 
other health care providers (including primary care physicians and internists) and to cancer survivors and their families, where appropriate and in accordance with Federal and State law; and (vii) development of initiatives that promote the coordination and effective transition of care between cancer care providers, primary care physicians, mental health professionals, and other health care professionals, as appropriate, including models that use a team-based or multi-disciplinary approach to care. (b) W
ORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FOR HEALTH  C
ARE PROVIDERS ON MEDICAL AND PSYCHO -
SOCIAL CARE FOR CHILDHOOD CANCER SUR-
VIVORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, conduct a review of the activities of the Department of Health and Human Services re-lated to workforce development for health care providers who treat pediatric cancer patients and survivors. Such review shall include— (A) an assessment of the effectiveness of sup-portive psychosocial care services for pediatric cancer patients and survivors, including pedi-atric cancer survivorship care patient naviga-tors and peer support programs; (B) identification of existing models relevant to providing medical and psychosocial services to individuals surviving pediatric cancers, and programs related to training for health profes-sionals who provide such services to individuals surviving pediatric cancers; and (C) recommendations for improving the provi-sion of psychosocial care for pediatric cancer survivors and patients. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report concerning the findings and recommendations from the re-view conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 202. GRANTS TO IMPROVE CARE FOR PEDI-ATRIC CANCER SURVIVORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 417E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285a–11), as amended by section 101, is further amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) I
MPROVING CARE FOR PEDIATRIC CANCER  S
URVIVORS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESEARCH ON PEDIATRIC CANCER SURVI -
VORSHIP .—The Director of NIH, in coordination with ongoing research activities, may continue to conduct or support pediatric cancer survivor-ship research including in any of the following areas: ‘‘(A) Outcomes of pediatric cancer survivors, including within minority or other medically underserved populations and with respect to health disparities of such outcomes. ‘‘(B) Barriers to follow-up care for pediatric cancer survivors, including within minority or other medically underserved populations. ‘‘(C) The impact of relevant factors, which may include familial, socioeconomic, and other environmental factors, on treatment outcomes and survivorship. ‘‘(D) The development of indicators used for long-term follow-up and analysis of the late ef-fects of cancer treatment for pediatric cancer survivors. ‘‘(E) The identification of, as applicable— ‘‘(i) risk factors associated with the late ef-fects of cancer treatment; ‘‘(ii) predictors of adverse neurocognitive and psychosocial outcomes; and ‘‘(iii) the molecular basis of long-term com-plications. ‘‘(F) The development of targeted interven-tions to reduce the burden of morbidity borne by cancer survivors in order to protect such cancer survivors from the late effects of cancer. ‘‘(2) B
ALANCED APPROACH .—In conducting or supporting research under paragraph (1)(A)(i) on pediatric cancer survivors within minority or other medically underserved populations, the Director of NIH shall ensure that such research addresses both the physical and the psycho-logical needs of such survivors, as appro-priate.’’. SEC. 203. BEST PRACTICES FOR LONG-TERM FOL-LOW-UP SERVICES FOR PEDIATRIC CANCER SURVIVORS. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services may facilitate the identification of best practices for childhood and adolescent cancer survivor-ship care, and, as appropriate, may consult with individuals who have expertise in late ef-fects of disease and treatment of childhood and adolescent cancers, which may include— (1) oncologists, which may include pediatric oncologists; (2) primary care providers engaged in survi-vorship care; (3) survivors of childhood and adolescent can-cer; (4) parents of children and adolescents who have been diagnosed with and treated for can-cer and parents of long-term survivors; (5) nurses and social workers; (6) mental health professionals; (7) allied health professionals, including phys-ical therapists and occupational therapists; and (8) others, as the Secretary determines appro-priate. 
SEC. 204. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Hematological Cancer Research Investment and Education Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–172; 116 Stat. 541) is amended by striking ‘‘section 419C’’ and inserting ‘‘section 417C’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in section 3 of the Hematological Cancer Re-search Investment and Education Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–172; 116 Stat. 541). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 292), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SUPPORTING GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRANDCHILDREN ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 343, S. 1091. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1091) to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act’’. SEC. 2. FEDERAL TASK FORCE TO SUPPORT GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRAND-CHILDREN. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) O
LDER RELATIVE CAREGIVER .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘older relative caregiver’’ has the meaning given the term under section 372(a)(3) of the National Family Caregiver Support (42 U.S.C. 3030s(a)(3)). (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be composed of the following members, or their des-ignee: (A) The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. (B) The Attorney General. (C) The Administrator of the Administration for Community Living. (D) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (E) The Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. (F) The Assistant Secretary for the Adminis-tration for Children and Families. (G) The Director of the Indian Health Service. (H) The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (I) The head of each Federal department, agency, or other governmental entity identified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having responsibilities, or administering pro-grams, relating to the current health, edu-cational, nutritional, and other needs and cur-rent issues affecting older relative caregivers, in-cluding grandparents, raising children in their care. (J) A grandparent raising a grandchild or grandchildren as well as another older relative caregiver of children. (2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Department of Health and Human Services shall be the lead agency for the Task Force. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) I
NFORMATION .—The Task Force shall identify, coordinate, and disseminate informa-tion publicly about Federal information, re-sources, and best practices available, on the date of the determination, to help older relative caregivers, including grandparents, raising chil-dren in their care, including those raising chil-dren in their care as a result of the opioid crisis, meet the health, educational, nutritional, and other needs of the children in their care as well as maintain their own physical and mental health and emotional well-being. (B) N
ATIVE AMERICANS .—In carrying out the duties described in subparagraph (A), the Task Force shall ensure that the needs of Native Americans (as defined in section 102 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3002)) are con-sidered. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Task Force shall submit a report to the Special Com-mittee on Aging, the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives that includes— (i) best practices, resources, and other useful information for older relative caregivers, includ-ing grandparents, raising children in their care; and (ii) an identification of the gaps in needs of older relative caregivers, including grand-parents, raising children in their care. (B) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Task Force shall submit a final report to the Special Committee on Aging, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.105 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1978 March 22, 2018 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives that includes the final findings of the Task Force, recommendations for future actions to address issues faced by older relative caregivers, including grandparents, raising chil-dren in their care, and any other useful infor-mation. (3) P
ROCESS FOR PUBLIC INPUT .—The Task Force shall establish a process for public input to inform the identification of, and updates to, the best practices, resources, and other useful information and the gaps in needs described in paragraph (2), including a process for the public to submit recommendations to the Task Force and an opportunity for public comment. (e) S
UNSET .—The Task Force shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of en-actment of this Act. (f) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Task Force. (g) F
UNDING .—No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this sec-tion. The Task Force shall be carried out with funds otherwise appropriated. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 1091), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL CACFP WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 405. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 405) designating the third week of March 2018 as ‘‘National CACFP Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 405) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of February 13, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 445, S. Res. 446, S. Res. 447, S. Res. 448, and S. Res. 449. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1625 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 116, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 116) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the amendment at the desk be agreed to, the concurrent reso-lution, as amended, be agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2226) was agreed to, as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘On page 749, line 12, strike ‘and’ through line 14 ‘are’ and insert ‘is’’’ 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 116), as amended, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
QUORUM CALL Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll and the following Senators entered the Chamber and answered to their names: [Quorum No. 1 Leg.] 
Cornyn Daines Johnson Johnson King Leahy McConnell Risch 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum is not present. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to instruct the Sergeant at Arms to request the presence of absent Sen-ators, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion of the Senator from Kentucky. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The result was announced—yeas 91, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 61 Leg.] YEAS—91 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Alexander Cassidy Corker Cotton Lee Rubio 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr McCain Toomey 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). A quorum is present. The majority leader. 
f 
TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL EDUCATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the Senate now vote on the motion to invoke cloture 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.106 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1979 March 22, 2018 
on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625; further, that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be yield-ed back and Senator L
EEor his des-ignee be recognized to make a budget point of order; that the majority leader or his designee be recognized to make a motion to waive; and that following the disposition of the motion to waive, the Senate vote on the motion to con-cur with further amendment with no other intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, the House sent a bill over today a little after 1 o’clock, and it is 11:56 p.m. I know that every Senator here has the right to object, and I assume some people have ob-jected to voting. We are not going to close. I had called down earlier and asked the Sec-retary if we are not going to vote by 10 o’clock, if we could just vote at 8 o’clock in the morning. This is ridicu-lous. It is juvenile. This is a juvenile process that we go through every time we do one of these. I would respectfully ask our leader, who has been dealing with a lot today—and I am glad that he has the job he has and I don’t, and the Sec-retary has the job that she has and I don’t—could you explain to us what has occurred over the last 11 hours that keeps us here voting on a bill that we all know is going to pass, regardless of how we vote on it and that has kept us from just going ahead and voting? Could you explain to the body, just very quickly, what has happened? And could we in the future possibly try to resolve these things at a decent hour, or come back the next morning and vote? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I would say to my good friend from Tennessee—by the way, I am very sorry he has decided to leave the Senate, given how much he has obviously enjoyed it today. Mr. CORKER. The changes that have occurred at the White House in the last several hours, and this—it has been an unusual day, I will say. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Well, my good friend from Tennessee knows that my principal responsibility is begging, pleading, and cajoling. I have been in continuous discussions, shall I say, with several of our Members who were legitimately unhappy about one aspect or another, and they spent a lot of time thinking over whether or not they wanted to expedite the process. I must say, after a long and intense day of such discussions with several of our Members who have legitimate con-cerns, I am relieved, rather than de-pressed, that we might be able to actu-ally finish tonight. Mr. CORKER. Well, if I could, reserv-ing the right to object, I would like for us to have some degree of discussion about this in the future—either to fin-ish our business at a normal time or to come back the next morning. This is a ridiculous process that we go through where people extort us until we get so tired that we are willing to do what-ever it is they wish for us to do. I don’t know what the issues were today. For instance, I would love to have a week’s debate on an AUMF at some point. Now, I can hold this vote up on a legitimate issue and say: No, we are not going to vote until you agree that we are going to have an AUMF debate. I haven’t done that. To my knowledge, I have never in my life held a vote up. Maybe I did 10 years ago and I can’t remember. But I just think that, again, we ought to have a little more certainty around here. I appreciate that people have flights in the morning and that there are some codels going out. So I am not going to object. However, I am going to discuss with other Members, whether in the future, if we cannot finish our business at a reasonable hour, let’s just come back the next morning and start. With that, I do not object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alexander, Pat Rob-erts, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Lisa Murkowski, Shelley Moore Capito, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, an act to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include se-vere forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the re-wards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY) . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 67, nays 30, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 62 Leg.] YEAS—67 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Ernst Graham Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wyden Young 
NAYS—30 
Barrasso Booker Cassidy Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Johnson Kennedy Lee McCaskill Merkley Paul Perdue Risch Sanders Sasse Sullivan Warren Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr McCain Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 67, the nays are 30. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer falls. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the motion to concur with further amendment and the Senate now vote on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
The question now occurs on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator form North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator form Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) would have voted ‘‘nay’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to Vote? The result was announced—yeas 65, nays 32, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.101 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1980 March 22, 2018 
[Rollcall Vote No. 63 Leg.] YEAS—65 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Graham Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—32 
Barrasso Booker Cassidy Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Markey McCaskill Merkley Paul Perdue Risch Sanders Sasse Sullivan Tillis Warren 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr McCain Toomey 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 539. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Claria Horn Boom, of Ken-tucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Dis-tricts of Kentucky. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern and Western Districts of Kentucky. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, John Cornyn, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Chuck Grassley, Cory Gardner, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Rich-ard Burr, Tom Cotton. LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 728. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring December 16, 2022. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of John F. Ring, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring December 16, 2022. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Mi-chael B. Enzi, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 605. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Michael B. Enzi, Lamar Alex-ander, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Tim Scott, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 666. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Johnny Isak-son, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, James M. Inhofe, Shelley Moore Capito, John Cornyn, John Boozman, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.100 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1981 March 22, 2018 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 540. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of John W. Broomes, of Kansas, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of John W. Broomes, of Kansas, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Cory Gard-ner, John Cornyn, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, Pat Roberts, Jerry Moran, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr, Tom Cotton, Jeff Flake. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 541. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Rebecca Grady Jennings, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Ken-tucky. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Rebecca Grady Jennings, of Ken-tucky, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Jerry Moran, Cory Gardner, John Cornyn, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, Pat Rob-erts, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr, Tom Cotton, Jeff Flake. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5247 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I real-ize the hour is late. I will move quickly to my unanimous consent request, but I want to quickly state that this is so important that this can’t wait, and I am really asking a pretty simple re-quest of my colleagues that we stop playing games with people’s lives be-cause it is well past time that we passed the Right to Try. The Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018. We passed this unanimously through the Senate in August. The House has acted now. I am just asking my col-leagues, please, these desperate pa-tients are terminally ill, and they have waited far too long. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of H.R. 5247, which was received from the House. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, and I will object. I just want to make clear that I am sympathetic to the goals my friends from Wisconsin and Indiana are trying to accomplish. In fact, the Senate has already passed a version of this bill once and dedicated time to work on the outstanding issues to get a good com-promise and pass it into law and pass it into law quickly. I believe we all support the goals of safety and increasing access of inves-tigational drugs for terminally ill peo-ple, but the key is we need to ensure there are safety mechanisms in place when we do this. A significant part of that is making sure the FDA is part of the process. They already have an ex-panded access program. We need to en-sure that we are not increasing the risk of patient harm or endangering clinical trials so lifesaving drugs can continue to be developed and people have access to them. So I assure my colleagues that we will work together to get something done, and done quickly, because this is an important issue. People who have terminal illnesses deserve every oppor-tunity and chance at survival, and I look forward to working with my col-leagues and moving forward on the Senate bill. With that, Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do want to point out the fact that the Right to Try bill only allows access to drugs that have already passed phase 1 safety approval from the FDA. There has been an awful lot of misunder-standing from that standpoint. All we are asking is, what this bill would do is allow terminal patients who have no other options—they have exhausted all treatment options, they do not qualify for a clinical trial, they are near death or, according to the House bill, subject to severely pre-mature death. It just gives those indi-viduals the right to choose for them-selves, not have a faceless bureaucrat at the FDA make that decision. We passed this unanimously from the good efforts of my colleague, the Sen-ator from Indiana, who will speak shortly, but also Senators Alexander and Murray. We spent many hours in discussion crafting a bill that passed unanimously. By the way, that didn’t surprise me because out of the 39 States that passed Right to Try through their leg-islature, 38 have passed it and signed it into law. Of the legislators who voted for Right to Try, 98 percent have voted yes. That is a vote tally of 5,604 to 126 because it makes so much sense to give those terminally ill patients the free-dom to make those decisions them-selves. The good news is, the House passed the Right to Try bill—not unani-mously—with bipartisan support. The vote was 267 to 149, and 35 Democrats joined, most Republicans voting yes. A lot of that was due to the good efforts from my Democratic colleague, the Senator from Indiana. I want to give a brief history on Right to Try in terms of my involve-ment. I first went to the Goldwater In-stitute in 2014. They, through their ef-forts, decided to go through the strat-egy of having States pass it, and Colo-rado was the first State to pass Right to Try in 2014. Shortly after that meeting, I met a young mom, Trickett Wendler, a moth-er of three children. She had ALS. I just mentioned the fact that I had met with the Goldwater Institute, and I was fully in support of Right to Try, and tears started streaming down the face of Trickett Wendler. That is when I de-cided to become the champion and lead sponsor of Right to Try in this body. Unfortunately, Trickett Wendler lost her battle with ALS in March of 2015. I want to briefly mention the other individuals for whom this bill is named. Matt Bellina, a former lieuten-ant commander, Navy pilot, married to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.114 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1982 March 22, 2018 
his wife Caitlyn Bellina, and he has three boys. This is what Matt Bellina said in tes-timony: 
Please let them know that I have had ALS too long to meet the exclusion criteria for any promising trials. No drug company will offer me treatments under the current ex-panded access guidelines. Two reputable companies have already indicated that they would try to treat me under the rules of this bill. A vote against this is essentially a vote to kill me. It is a vote to make my wife a widow and leave my boys fatherless. I can’t stop anyone from voting that way, but please ask them to have respect to look my family in the eye when they cast their vote. 
Frank Mongiello is another victim of ALS. I just met with him a few hours ago. I first met with him when he could speak—he can no longer speak—but he spoke at our press conference, and here is his quote. He paraphrased Abraham Lincoln and he said: 
President Lincoln said, ‘‘If I am killed, I die only once; but if I dread it, I die over and over again.’’ 
Frank went on to say: 
I have an 80-percent chance to be dead in 2 years, and, for me, seeing these potential drugs out on the market and not being able to take them is like dying over and over again. 
The final namesake of this bill is lit-tle Jordan McLinn. We met him when he was 6 years old, and now he is 8. His mother Laura is a tireless advocate. I know the Senator from Indiana knows the McLinns well. The FDA advisory committee on April 25 heard from, I think, 55 wit-nesses about a drug called eteplirsen to treat Duchenne’s muscular dystrophy. The advisory committee, having heard from people like Laura and Jordan McLinn wanting access to that drug, voted no. Fortunately, the FDA—and this is pretty rare—overruled the advi-sory committee, and Jordan now is at least being treated. They are tireless advocates for Right to Try. These are the people we need to help. These are the people whom Right to Try was meant for. I don’t know why it took the House 7 months to craft a bill and finally vote on it. I can’t tell you how many people during that 7 months sought treatment in other countries. I can’t tell you if anyone during that time period pos-sibly lost their life because they didn’t have access to treatment. I don’t know why the House felt compelled to change the bill that we carefully craft-ed that passed unanimously. I don’t know why they simply didn’t take up the Senate bill and pass it, but I do know Right to Try saves lives. I will quote one example, Dr. Delpassand, a courageous oncologist from Houston. He was engaged in an FDA trial treating an aggressive form of endocrine cancer. It was working. So he petitioned the FDA to allow addi-tional patients to be added to the trial. The FDA said no, but Dr. Delpassand had a Right to Try bill in Texas. It didn’t have liability protection. He risked his career and all of his posses-sions and he signed up additional peo-ple under the Texas Right to Try laws. In the end, he signed up 176 people. We just checked with Dr. Delpassand, and 148 of those individuals are still alive today because of his courage. That is why we need to pass a Federal Right to Try law, so individuals with that level of courage don’t risk their careers, and those patients have a chance to live. I would like to yield to the Senator from Indiana for his remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you to the Sen-ator from Wisconsin. I echo my support for this legisla-tion. We worked together nonstop to get this accomplished, as has been mentioned. This passed the Senate 100 to nothing already. We are hopeful to wrap this up. The House just sent us a vote back, and we will continue to work nonstop to get this done because it is the right thing to do. I think of the McLinn family in my home State, and they are a representa-tion of families all over the country struggling with the same challenges. Our job is to try to make their lives a little bit easier, a little bit better, so that all of the people who are strug-gling with Right to Try challenges can get a chance to live their life to the fullest and for a long time. So, the hour is late. I just want to second the efforts of my friend and col-league from Wisconsin, and we will continue to move forward. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Indiana who has been a real champion and a real partner. I know he tried to get as many House Members to vote for the House bill as he could. By the way, that was the good news. I am calling on the House now, since we have an objection in the Senate on their bill, to please take up the Senate bill. It is a nonpartisan bill that passed unanimously through the Senate. Don’t wait another hour. I know they are in recess for a couple weeks, but I am calling on them, as soon as they come back from recess, take up the Senate bill, pass it, and get it on the President’s desk. It is well past time to give these patients, these terminally ill patients and their families, the Right to Try and the right to hope. So I want to again thank the Senator from Indiana. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 5247 Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I un-derstand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of el-igible investigational drugs by eligible pa-tients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes. 
Mr. JOHNSON. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
STRENGTHENING PROTECTIONS FOR SOCIAL SECURITY BENE-FICIARIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4547 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4547) to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to im-prove and strengthen the representative pay-ment program. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4547) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the junior Senator from Oklahoma be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint reso-lutions from Friday, March 23, through Monday, March 26, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.119 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1983 March 22, 2018 
the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 26, 2018, THROUGH MONDAY, APRIL 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, March 26 at 11:30 a.m.; Thursday, March 29 at 3:45 p.m.; Monday, April 2 at 12 noon; Thursday, April 5 at 11:30 a.m. I further ask that when the Sen-ate adjourns on Thursday, April 5, it next convene at 3 p.m. on Monday, April 9; and that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Boom nomination; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during today’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, April 9. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MARCH 26, 2018, AT 11:30 A.M. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 1:01 a.m., adjourned until Monday, March 26, 2018, at 11:30 a.m. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION The Senate Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of the fol-lowing nomination by unanimous con-sent and the nomination was con-firmed: 
TIM THOMAS, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE FEDERAL COCHAIR-MAN OF THE APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate March 22, 2018: 
EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND  
DEVELOPMENT  
STEVEN T. MNUCHIN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE EUROPEAN BANK FOR RE-CONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT, UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FUND, AND UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE ASIAN DEVELOP-MENT BANK. INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND  
STEVEN T. MNUCHIN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND, UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT BANK, UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE INTER–AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK, AND UNITED STATES GOVERNOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CARLOS TRUJILLO, OF FLORIDA, TO BE PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
ANNE MARIE WHITE, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENVIRONMENTAL MAN-AGEMENT). BRENT K. PARK, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE DEPUTY AD-MINISTRATOR FOR DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-TION, NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
JAMES EDWIN WILLIAMS, OF UTAH, TO BE CHIEF FI-NANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
MARK SCHNEIDER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCE, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY J. HILTY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. MATTHEW J. KOHLER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. VINCENT K. BECKLUND BRIG. GEN. CHARLES S. CORCORAN BRIG. GEN. BARRY R. CORNISH BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER E. CRAIGE BRIG. GEN. ANDREW A. CROFT BRIG. GEN. ALLAN E. DAY BRIG. GEN. ERIC T. FICK BRIG. GEN. CHAD P. FRANKS BRIG. GEN. JOHN R. GORDY II BRIG. GEN. GREGORY M. GUILLOT BRIG. GEN. STACEY T. HAWKINS BRIG. GEN. CAMERON G. HOLT BRIG. GEN. KEVIN A. HUYCK BRIG. GEN. DAVID J. JULAZADEH BRIG. GEN. KEVIN B. KENNEDY BRIG. GEN. KYLE J. KREMER BRIG. GEN. PETER J. LAMBERT BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM J. LIQUORI, JR. BRIG. GEN. RANDALL REED BRIG. GEN. LENNY J. RICHOUX BRIG. GEN. CARL E. SCHAEFER BRIG. GEN. JOHN E. SHAW BRIG. GEN. BRAD M. SULLIVAN BRIG. GEN. STEPHEN C. WILLIAMS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JAMES W. BIERMAN, JR. BRIG. GEN. DAVID J. FURNESS BRIG. GEN. JOHN M. JANSEN BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL E. LANGLEY BRIG. GEN. DAVID A. OTTIGNON BRIG. GEN. THOMAS D. WEIDLEY 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. TIMOTHY M. RAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DAVID D. THOMPSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. CHRISTOPHER W. GRADY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. TIMOTHY J. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DAVID A. WELCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. SCOTT A. STEARNEY 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBERT FRANK PENCE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND. EDWARD CHARLES PRADO, OF TEXAS, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ARGENTINE REPUBLIC. TREVOR D. TRAINA, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA. 
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION  
AND DEVELOPMENT  
ERIK BETHEL, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES AL-TERNATE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTER-NATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOP-MENT FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. 
EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND  
DEVELOPMENT  
JUDY LYNN SHELTON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DIRECTOR OF THE EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECON-STRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KEVIN EDWARD MOLEY, OF ARIZONA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZA-TION AFFAIRS). 
PEACE CORPS  
JOSEPHINE OLSEN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE PEACE CORPS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARIE ROYCE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS). 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
THOMAS T. CULLEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF VIR-GINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. ROBERT K. HUR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DAVID C. JOSEPH, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ARTHUR W. PRIMAS, JR., TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF GREGORY J. PAYNE, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MICHAEL J. PATTERSON, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF BRAD R. MATHERNE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JONATHAN A. MORRIS, TO BE MAJOR. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RACHEL L. ADAIR AND ENDING WITH D014124, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROSE ABIDO AND ENDING WITH JOSEPH P . WZOREK II, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.120 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1984 March 22, 2018 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN P. KILBRIDE AND ENDING WITH JOHN J. NEAL, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GREGORY J. ABIDE AND ENDING WITH G010452, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN ABADIA AND ENDING WITH G010479, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF STEVEN M. HEMMANN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HAYLEY R. ASHBAUGH AND ENDING WITH JORDAN N. YOLLES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY A. AN-DERSON AND ENDING WITH D012878, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AHMAD B. ALEX-ANDER AND ENDING WITH STEVEN D. ZUMBRUN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ASHLEY K. AITON AND ENDING WITH TRACY L. ZINN, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF WILSON R. RAMOS, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CURTIS D. BOWE, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CARL E. FOSTER III, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL A. FOWLES, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANDREW K. SINDEN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH D013264 AND ENDING WITH D013298, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RE-CEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER F. RUDER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN J. MORRIS AND ENDING WITH MIN S. RO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 12, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER M. BELL AND ENDING WITH ADRIANA B. DEJULIO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 12, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF MIKAL L. STONER, TO BE COLO-NEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIC G. BURNS AND ENDING WITH DAVID P. SHEEHAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 8, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THESOLINA D. HUBERT AND ENDING WITH TIMOTHY W. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BEN-JAMIN S. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH CARL L. ZEPPEGNO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF AARON J. KING, TO BE MAJOR. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY G. BENTSON, TO BE COMMANDER. 
APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  
TIM THOMAS, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE FEDERAL COCHAIR-MAN OF THE APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:28 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.022 S22MRPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE359 March 22, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO COURTLIN L A’SHAWN ARRINGTON 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of a young stu-dent leader and bright light in the Birmingham community, Courtlin La’Shawn Arrington. Courtlin was a native of Birmingham, Ala-bama, and a senior at Huffman High School who passed in a tragic act of gun violence on March 7, 2018. Courtlin was an outstanding student, with an engaging personality and a big heart. I speak for Birmingham when I say that we are devastated by her loss. Courtlin was a part of our community and she will be greatly missed. Courtlin was born on April 17, 2000 to Tynesha Tatum and Courtney Arrington at Cooper Green Hospital in Birmingham, AL. She was educated in the Birmingham City School System and was a graduating Senior at Huffman High School. Courtlin had dreams of becoming a nurse. According to her family members, nursing was a family career and Courtlin had dreamed of being a nurse since she was very young. Just a few months shy of graduation, Courtlin planned to work as a nurse’s assistant until she earned her RN. The faculty, students and staff of Huffman High School remember Courtlin as a constant source of enthusiasm, intelligence, and beauty both inside and out. They believed there was no limit to what she may have achieved. Her sister Tamera Tatum said Courtlin never had any doubt that she would become a nurse after graduation, and that whatever she put her mind to, she was able to achieve. Courtlin had the same unstoppable attitude. She believed that anything was possible with the right attitude and hard work. Before her tragic death, Courtlin was on the road to living her dreams, and had even received accept-ance letters from several colleges. Outside of the classroom, Courtlin was more than a dedicated student and aspiring nurse. To her friends, she will be remembered as an exceptional, loving person who cared deeply about the people around her. Courtlin was a beloved sister to her siblings, brother and sis-ter Gera’Mich and Tamera, lovingly known as the ‘‘Trio 3.’’ Courtlin and her siblings cher-ished their time together, with Courtlin often taking on a motherly role in the group. She was fun, she was caring, and when she need-ed to, she kept her brother and sister in line. Courtlin relied heavily on her faith, confessing Jesus Christ as her Lord and Sav-ior at a very early age. She relied on her faith in God to carry her through both the good and bad in life and she enjoyed visiting various churches in the greater Birmingham area. One of her favorite churches to visit was The Rock Church where Pastor Mike McClure taught her the importance of her Christian duties. She ex-hibited those teachings in wanting to help oth-ers. She believed her passion for nursing to be her life’s ministry. For the community of Birmingham, Courtlin’s passing hits especially hard, pushing students and adults in the area to demand something better. Courtlin’s family hopes her death will bring change—change in school safety measures and more parent ac-countability for all children. They don’t want her death to be in vain. They don’t want an-other parent to have to go through the experi-ence of losing their child to gun violence. As a Member of Congress, I believe that we have a responsibility to protect our schools from gun violence, accidental or otherwise. Every year more students and teachers, sons and daughters, and brothers and sisters are killed in school shootings—we need to do ev-erything in our power to make this incident the last. We cannot settle for symbolic gestures in Congress when our children’s lives are at stake. I am committed to working together to ensure that this type of tragedy never occurs again. Left to cherish the amazing memories of Courtlin are: loving mother, Tynesha Tatum; father, Courtney Arrington; stepfather, Derrick Hardy; sister, Tamera Tatum; brother, Gera’Mich Tatum; grandmother, Terrie Tatum; grandfathers, Zac Arrington and Timothy (Carolyn) Hardgrove; uncles, William (Shekeitha) Tatum, John Tatum and Tamarreo (Inger) Tatum; great uncles, Buch Tatum, Wil-liam Tatum and Anthony (Ella) Bryant; two special cousins, Sid’Liyah Williams and Creonna Broadnax; special friend, Darius Craig; three best friends, Serinity, Makayla and Lemond; a very close family friend, Amy McClease; a host of uncles, aunts, cousins and other friends. On behalf of the 7th Congressional District, the State of Alabama, and this nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Courtlin La’Shawn Arrington—an outstanding young person who left a lasting impact on the community of Birmingham, Alabama. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KEN AND KAY BRITTAIN’S 65TH WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Ken and Kay Brittain on the celebration of their 65th Wed-ding Anniversary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Ken and Kay on the celebration of their 65th Wedding Anniversary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF SUZANNE D
ELONE LUSSIER 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of an exemplary American woman and a lifelong friend, Suzanne DeLone Lussier. Born on October 5, 1945 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, Suzanne died sur-rounded by her family on February 17, 2018, at her home in Atherton, California, after a val-iant three and a half year battle with ovarian cancer. Suzanne was educated in Massachusetts at the Academy of the Assumption in Wellesley and LaSalle Junior College in Newton. She worked in retail, advertising and residential real estate. She married Dick Lussier in 1963, and traveled extensively with him to Asia, Eu-rope, Latin America, and many other countries to spend time with their son Kyle and his fam-ily. She loved family vacations in Hawaii and New England, and spent countless happy times in Carmel, California with family, friends and on the golf course. Suzanne adored her children and actively participated in her sons’ schools and sports. She was a devoted grandmother and a fa-mously kind and fun-loving woman. She enter-tained, golfed, skied, and played tennis, and her artistic skills were evident in her flower ar-ranging, interior and landscape design, and painting. Suzanne gave generously of her time and considerable talents in service to many non- profit organizations, including Beyond War, the Mid-Peninsula Hospice Foundation, the Menlo Benefit Committee, the Junior League of Palo Alto, and Saint Peter’s School in San Fran-cisco. I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincere condolences to Suzanne’s beloved husband of 54 years, Dick Lussier; to her sons Mark and Kyle and their spouses Angela and Monika; her grandchildren Max, Taylor, Kie-ran, Reagan and Arden; and her siblings Betsy Balas, Helen DeLone, Donna DeLone and Dalip Khalsa. I am blessed to have had Suzanne as my loyal and loving friend for 47 years. She was beautiful in every way, and her values, her deep faith, and her integrity drew so many to her. Mr. Speaker, our community was bettered by Suzanne DeLone Lussier and our country was strengthened by her. She will be missed deeply by every person fortunate to have known her and by those privileged, as I was, to call her friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.001 E22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE360 March 22, 2018 
HONORING KATE MURRAY 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kate Murray, a student at Sacred Heart Greenwich for her courage and resolve in the face of adversity at school this year. Sparked by the Women’s March in 2017 and the rise of the ‘‘#MeToo’’ movement, women and girls across the country have been using their voices to speak out against injustice and for the causes they’re passionate about. Earlier this year, Kate found herself in the middle of a conflict at her school over a sticker supporting Planned Parenthood on her laptop. Her actions, in just her sophomore year, fostered constructive conversations in communities across the country, including at my own dinner table, on issues around stu-dents’ rights to expression at school and wom-en’s reproductive health. Despite pressure from her teachers, school administrators and the local Catholic Diocese, and even being threatened with expulsion, Kate remained true to her cause. It is my hope that the tenacity and poise that Kate displayed throughout the dispute will serve as an exam-ple to any student fighting for their beliefs in or out of a classroom. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY OF O’FALLON, MISSOURI FOR THEIR NEWLY OPENED JUSTICE CEN-TER 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of O’Fallon, Missouri for their newly opened Justice Center. The Justice Center will allow for the police station and municipal court to better serve the O’Fallon community. When the O’Fallon city hall was originally built in 1999, it was ex-pected to last nearly three decades. As the population of the City of O’Fallon grew, how-ever, it became clear that a new complex was needed. This new center is expected to meet the needs of the Saint Louis metro’s second largest city for decades to come. At 80,000 square feet, the center will un-doubtedly improve O’Fallon’s legal system as it gives officers, investigators, and lawyers an excellent place to continue serving their com-munity. For our law enforcement, it houses a state-of-the-art 911 communications center, an indoor firing range, and a training complex that allows law enforcement personnel to improve their marksmanship and decision-making abil-ity. The Justice Center also includes an up-dated courtroom with ample space for viewing litigation and trial information. With this new courtroom and multiple holding cells, more dockets can be held and the court process will become even more efficient. Please join me in congratulating the O’Fallon community on the new Justice Center and thanking the men and women who now work there for keeping our communities safe. HONORING MR. JAMES C. SMITH HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jim Smith upon his retire-ment as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Webster Financial Corporation and Webster Bank after a long and successful career. Jim has dedicated more than four decades to sup-porting Webster’s success in Connecticut and across the northeast. Jim’s father, Harold Webster Smith, founded the bank, originally called First Federal Sav-ings of Waterbury in 1935 during the Great Depression. Jim joined First Federal in 1975, and he then became CEO in 1987 and Chair-man in 1995. Under his leadership, the bank has expanded beyond its Waterbury roots to be a significant presence across Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New York. In 1995, the institution was renamed Webster in honor of its founder and to reflect the grow-ing regional influence of the bank. Jim’s lead-ership kept Webster stable during the 2008 Fi-nancial Crisis and ensuing Great Recession, and he ensured Webster did everything it could to help families in need keep their homes by allowing them to adjust their mort-gages. In addition to his work at Webster, Jim has contributed his experience and expertise to many professional and community organiza-tions. He has served as vice chairman of the Midsize Banks Coalition of America and pre-viously served as a member of the Financial Services Roundtable and on Federal Reserve Board of Governors’ Federal Advisory Council. Jim is a true business leader who invests his time and talents in his community. Through Jim’s strong leadership, Webster consistently excels in employee participation in supporting the local United Way—ensuring that those most in need are taken care of. He is, in a way, our own George Bailey. Jim has also led Webster Bank’s support for artistic organiza-tions in our community, including the Water-bury Symphony, and he and his wife Cathy support many other civic groups working in Connecticut, including the Hartford Bishops’ Foundation. Mr. Speaker, Jim Smith has dedicated his career to Webster Bank, and under his leader-ship, the bank has reached new levels of suc-cess and maintained its commitment to com-munity care. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. I am fortunate to count Jim as a friend and a mentor, and I wish him—and Cathy—much success in the next chapter in their lives. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS AIKEN, SOUTH CAROLINA 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, this week, Southern Living Magazine named Aiken, South Carolina, as the Best Small Town in the South. Mayor Riek Osborn unveiled the magazine cover Wednesday, where Aiken was also recognized as the South’s friendliest town. According to Southern Living, and my own experience, Aiken is ‘‘an authentic South Carolina Equestrian community, rich in historic charm and tradition.’’ From the ‘‘iconic archway of live oaks along South Boundary Avenue’’ to ‘‘Aiken’s 2,100- acre urban forest,’’ Aiken has gorgeous green-ery. The extraordinary landscaped medians are highlighted with huge ten feet high aza-leas. Aiken has a multitude of great lodging and dining opportunities, where ‘‘Downtown Aiken, especially Laurens Street, is loaded with a va-riety of eclectic eateries, galleries, and shops.’’ I am grateful for the opportunity to represent Aiken County in Congress, where my grand-father Wilson was born in 1888 and great- grandfather Wilson was born in 1860. In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and we will never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. REYNOLD G. LEMP 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Dr. Reynold G. Lemp on the occasion of his 90th birthday. At the age of 13, Dr. Lemp preached his first sermon, ‘‘Let Go and Let God,’’ under the ministry of his grandfather, Rev. William Dunn. Before entering college, Dr. Lemp worked for Edison Electric Co. for one year while preach-ing at a mission and a church in Detroit, Michi-gan. Upon graduating from Bob Jones Univer-sity in 1953, Dr. Lemp moved to Winter Gar-den, Florida and started Calvary Baptist Church on June 7, 1953. Appointed in 1960, Pastor Lemp serves on the board of Bob Jones University. He started Calvary Christian School in 1976. During the 30th anniversary of Calvary Baptist Church, Dr. Bob Jones, Jr. presented Dr. Lemp with a Doctor of Divinity (honoris causa). Dr. Lemp retired from ministry in 2003 shortly before the 50th anniversary of Calvary Baptist Church. Many lives have been impacted through his ministry and that of the church. It is my pleasure to recognize Dr. Lemp on this momentous occasion. I wish him a very happy 90th birthday and may God continue to bless Pastor Lemp and his family. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KRISTI PACE 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today—during Women’s History Month—to congratulate Kristi Pace, who was named the 2017 Brighton Police Officer of the Year. While she has only been with the force for two years, Officer Pace has already left an enor-mous mark and impression on her fellow offi-cers. Police Chief Rob Bradford noted that she—the only female on the force—is ‘‘highly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.004 E22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE361 March 22, 2018 
regarded as a new, up-and-coming leader of the department, and is very well-respected’’ by her peers. Officer Pace continues to seek ways to im-prove herself. After attending the FBI’s Crisis Negotiator, Evidence Technician, and Taser Instructor Schools, Officer Pace became a member of the Brighton department’s Crisis Negotiator Team. I commend Officer Pace for her service and thank her for her selfless dedi-cation to our community, and to the state of Michigan. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF EL PASO HIS-PANIC CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AS THE NATIONAL CHAMBER OF THE YEAR 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, a premiere resource for busi-nesses and leading advocate of economic growth in the state of Texas. The El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Com-merce has been a critical institution in the area for the past 26 years, supporting a range of businesses in the Border Area. In just the past 15 years, the Chamber has served over 10,000 clients, providing crucial counseling and training services. Since 2003, the Cham-ber has helped to secure over $250 million in funding for small businesses in the El Paso community. Today, I applaud the extraordinary efforts of this Chamber of Commerce, and congratulate them for both their State Recognition as Small Chamber of the Year and their national rec-ognition as Chamber of the Year at the 2018 U.S. Chamber Convention. The work of the El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce will have a lasting positive impact across Texas, the United States, and the entire world. The work of this institution resonates across Texas’ 23rd Congressional District. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE RECIPI-ENTS OF THE 2018 HURST-EU-LESS-BEDFORD ISD AWARDS OF EXCELLENCE 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate thirty-three outstanding stu-dents from the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Inde-pendent School District who have been award-ed the district’s Awards of Excellence for the 2017–2018 school year. The following students have been selected to receive this award due to their meritorious achievements within their respected dis-ciplines. These students possess unique tal-ents and experiences which have enabled tre-mendous success within their fields of study. This year’s recipients have specialties in a di-verse field of subjects which includes visual and performing arts, business and industry, science, mathematics, and communications, to name but a few. Through their hard work and dedication, these young men and women have built a strong foundation on which to continue their growth and education: Mariah Alize Aguirre, Karina Murillo, Mi-chael Gonzalez, Dylan Banfield, Cameron Yount, Ryan Robertson, Bethany Morales, Peyton Cherry, Preston Rice, Mira Caliman, Mikelis Brown, Samantha Tuapen, Reilley Flood, Isabella Page, Lucy Hwang, Kyleigh Prather, Jessie Park, Gillian Swann, Alexis Murphy, Olivia Trusty, Lola Skjolsvik, Mi-chael Youngs, Ruby Villasenor, Elijah Mellish, Tatiana Olalde, Kennedy Carter, Jennifer Blythe, Alex Valtchanov, Telysha Vaenuku, Macy Johnson, William Tran, Dayona Hopwood, Colin Williams. 
In addition to recognizing the students, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the fine educators who have worked tirelessly to ensure that the needs of these students are met and their talents are nurtured. It is with great pleasure that I recognize the following teachers from L.D. Bell, Buinger CTE Acad-emy, KEYS, and Trinity high schools for their unwavering support of these students: 
Britney Fahey, Holly Gregg, Ken Davis, Lance Moran, Margaret Russell, Scott Har-lan, Kathleen Chase, Suzanne Dell, Sawyer Lowe, Allen Matthews, Mike Ladley, Janna Hamm, Debbie Williams, Amy Eiland, Vin-cent Pugh, Candace Harris, Ricky Balthorp, Sue Traver, Mario Casanova, Michael Dean, Stormee Massey, Nicolle Vertich, Charlotte Banks, Paula Turney, Tammy Brown, Mia Langi, Rachel Seldon, Marci Ward, Kedal Fries, Blanca Diaz. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing these out-standing students and teachers, and congratu-lating the recipients of the 2018 HEB ISD Awards of Excellence. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. MARCHRIS GLEN ROBINSON 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor the memory of an exemplary man, Mr. Marchris Glen Robinson. Mr. Robinson was born on December 13, 1964 in Kingston, Jamaica. He grew up in Pat-terson, NJ, where he attended Madison Ave-nue Baptist Church and graduated from John F. Kennedy High School. Later, he moved to Houston and became a member of Brookhollow, the Church Without Walls. Mr. Robinson was united in holy matrimony to Ms. Ingrid Williams Robinson on February 18, 1995 and they were blessed with three children, Marchris Glen Robinson II, John-An-thony Glen Robinson and Sydni Marie Robin-son. Mr. Robinson earned his Bachelor’s in Criminal Justice from Stockton University, a Doctorate in Jurisprudence from Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University, and a Certified Master of Business Administration Degree from McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Aus-tin. Mr. Robinson pursued several professional paths, including managing Government and Regulatory Affairs, General Counsel for two Texas State Senators, and practicing commer-cial litigation for two law firms, prior to becom-ing the First African American Briefing Attor-ney of the First Court of Appeals in Houston, Texas, under Chief Justice Alice Oliver-Parrot. Mr. Robinson was a dedicated legal expert with the Court of Appeals until he made the decision to become an entrepreneur and form the Robinson Law Group. Mr. Robinson faithfully served the commu-nity in several capacities, as Chairman of the Stadium Park Management District and an ac-tive member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Leadership Group for 2017 Plan Downtown Committee, John Ben Sheppard Public Lead-ership Foundation, United Way Project Blue-print Leadership Class XI, and Greater Hous-ton Partnership. Mr. Robinson held accomplishments and ac-colades from his community involvement and legal career, being recognized as the recipient of the Pennzoil/Quaker State Business Schol-arship, Meadows Foundation Scholarship, Henry T. Courtney Scholarship Award, Young Black Achiever of Houston Award, as well as Texas Young Lawyers Association Minority In-volvement Scholarship. Finally, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Marchris Glen Robinson will be missed dearly by his wife and surviving children; as well as his other family members and friends. May he rest in the peace he has earned through his dedica-tion to the community and the legal industry. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, on March 19 and 20, I was absent due to my attendance at the Celebration of Life for the victims of the Yountville Pathway Home shoot-ing and was unable to cast my vote for Roll Calls 115 through 119. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: Roll Call No. 115 YES—To update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds Na-tional Monument; Roll Call No. 116 YES—Kennedy-King Na-tional Commemorative Site Act; Roll Call No. 117 NO—On Ordering the Pre-vious Question; Roll Call No. 118 NO—Providing for consid-eration of H.R. 4566, the Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act; Providing for consideration of H.R. 5247, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018; and for other purposes; and Roll Call No. 119 YES—Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHARLENE M. LABORE 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pride and ad-miration that I offer my sincere thanks to Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.004 E22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE362 March 22, 2018 
Sharlene M. Labore for her three decades of service to the United States Postal Service (USPS). Whether it was her work with the National Post Mail Handlers Union (NPMHU) and the New Hampshire AFL–CIO, or her dedicated activism for workers’ rights and social justice, she has made meaningful contributions to our community and our state. It is Granite Staters like Sharlene who make New Hampshire such an incredibly special place to live, work, and raise a family. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District, I thank Sharlene again for her distinguished public service. I wish her the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF TRIPP HALSTEAD 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Tripp Halstead, a young Jefferson native who passed away on March 15. For five and a half years, millions of Ameri-cans have followed Tripp Halstead’s journey after a tree limb injured him when he was two years old. There wasn’t a hospital visit or surgery that the Halstead family had to endure alone. In-stead, friends and followers showered them with love, supporting the family during the years of recovery that followed. Bill and Stacy Halstead used their story to encourage others and reach out to families ex-periencing similar hardships. Tripp leaves a lasting impact on the hearts of many. The optimism he and his family ex-hibited illustrates the courage needed in dif-ficult times. Mr. Speaker, I stand with many others today to mourn the loss of Tripp. I ask us all to re-member the Halstead family in the weeks ahead, and I wish them comfort in this season of loss. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. LARRY VINCENT GREEN 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor the memory of a devout public community leader, Council Member Larry Vincent Green. Council Member Larry Green was born on May 16, 1965 in Houston, Texas. He was raised in the Hiram Clarke community along with his older brother, David Alan Green and his younger sister, Melanie Gail Green. Council Member Larry Green earned his Bachelor’s in Political Science from the Uni-versity of Houston and a Doctorate in Jurispru-dence from Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University. Council Member Larry Green was a tena-cious and successful trial lawyer for over 25 years. He was an advocate for those who had been discriminated against and successfully won several high profile cases on behalf of his clients. Council Member Larry Green was devoted to education. He left Houston in 2007, and joined the Thurgood Marshall College Fund in Washington, D.C. Working alongside the CEO, he raised unprecedented federal and philan-thropic support for the Thurgood Marshall Col-lege Fund and its member institutions. Council Member Larry Green was a long-time community advocate as well as former CEO of Houston Works USA, the leading pro-vider of services focusing on job placement, continuing education, and vocational training to more than 1 million individuals annually. Council Member Larry Green was sworn into office as the first Council Member of the newly formed District K, spanning from the edge of the Texas Medical Center to Fort Bend County in January 2012. Council Member Larry Green worked tire-lessly during his first term to bring over $20 million worth of economic development projects to District K including a police station, neighborhood reconstruction, a senior citizen center, and Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone in two of the district’s neighborhoods. Council Member Larry Green continued to spearhead and support several efforts such as insuring the inclusion of women-owned busi-nesses’ in Houston’s affirmative action con-tracting program, as well as the countless projects of Rebuild Houston overseen by the Transportation, Technology, and Infrastructure Council Committee, of which Council Member Green was Chair. Council Member Larry Green devoted his life to improving the community through his ef-forts as a Member of the Houston City Coun-cil, member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity and several other well-known national and local or-ganizations. Finally, Mr. Speaker, Council Member Larry Green will be missed dearly by his brother, David Alan Green and his sister, Melanie Gail Green; as well as the constituents of District K and his other family members and friends. May he rest in the peace he has earned through his devotion to the community. f 
HONORING MRS. ADELINE BROWN JACKSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mrs. Adeline Brown Jackson, a Learned, Mississippi native and matriarch who’s celebrating her 100th birth-day. Mrs. Jackson is the sixth daughter of eleven children and worked as a share cropper on the Joe Walk Plantation in Yazoo City, MS for nearly 20 years. She also served as a domes-tic care worker for various ladies in Yazoo City before starting her own personal farm that was shared with her community and family mem-bers. Mrs. Jackson a widow to her late husband, Mr. Wardell Jackson Sr. and proud mother of four children, Geraldine-Jackson Joseph, Dorothy Jackson-Alsobrook, Wardell Jackson Jr. and Jaimie Jackson-Young. She is also the grandmother of Caroline Bowen, Wayne, Troy and Sonya Alsobrooks, Terra Young, Daphne Bryant, and Cassandra Young. She is a member of Isaquena Baptist Church in Yazoo City, Mississippi, under the leadership of Pastor Charles Thurmond, and now resides at the Oasis Health and Rehab Center, where she is supported by her grand-children. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Adeline Brown Jackson on her 100th birthday and making a difference in the lives of her family and community. f 
IN HONOR OF BISHOP ANN L. HARDMAN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to honor a dynamic woman of faith, dedicated wife, magnificent mother, lov-ing grandmother, trailblazer, prolific author, skilled entrepreneur, public official, mentor to many and friend of longstanding to my wife Vivian and me, Bishop Ann Hardman. Sadly, Pastor Hardman passed away on Monday, March 19, 2018. A celebration of her life will be held on Saturday, March 24, 2018, at 11:00 am at the Bill Heard Theatre inside the River Center for Performing Arts in Uptown Columbus, Georgia. Bishop Hardman was born in Asheville, North Carolina on March 30, 1957. After grad-uating from Asheville High School, she earned her associates degree in secretarial and ad-ministrative studies from St. Genevieve of The Pines in Asheville, North Carolina; a degree in theology studies at Christian Life School of Theology in Columbus, Georgia; a doctorate from Kingdom Truth University in Jacksonville, Florida; and received honorary doctorates in theology/divinity from St. Thomas Christian College in Jacksonville, Florida and Beacon University in Columbus, Georgia. Bishop Hardman received many callings in her life, all of which were centered on helping people. She worked in customer service for more than 10 years as a Finance and Loan Officer at SouthTrust Bank, before becoming a Human Resources Clerk at Columbus Found-ries, and a Financial Clerk at Pratt and Whit-ney. She received her most important and con-sequential calling as a minister of gospel when she was 16 years old because of the influence of the woman who raised her, her grand-mother. Her journey led her to Fourth Street Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia, where I first met her as members of the choir. She had to fight to preach the gospel because of unfortunate biases as it related to women in the pulpit. But, she powered through this to make her unforgettable mark on the ministry thus paving the way for other woman of the gospel to make their own marks. In 1993, she began her ministry in Colum-bus by preaching to a handful of people in her living room. With a vision from God, that hand-ful of people morphed into the congregation of the Faith Worship Center International in Co-lumbus and River of Life International in Ashe-ville, North Carolina. But, her ministry could not be contained in just Columbus and Ashe-ville as she also founded Ann Hardman Min-istries, Inc. to expand her reach globally and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.009 E22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE363 March 22, 2018 
touch thousands of souls through ministry. She was a humble and benevolent evangelist who trained countless others in service to God. In 2016, she received yet another calling as she was drafted by the people to run for the office of the Clerk of Superior Court of Muscogee County. And to no one’s surprise, she was successful. She was well on her way to transforming the operations of the Superior Court serving in her first term. Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said, ‘‘If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.’’ Her motto was: I am because He is; I can because He did, and I will because He makes it possible.’’ We are so blessed that Bishop Ann Hardman de-manded her seat at the table and gave all of the glory to God as she carried out his pur-pose for her life. Bishop Hardman accomplished many things in her life but none of these would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of her husband, Bishop Norman Hardman; their children, their grandchildren, and the unheralded others who positively im-pacted her life. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 730,000 people in the Sec-ond Congressional District of Georgia would like to extend our deepest sympathies to Bishop Hardman’s family and friends. I would also like to extend my condolences to the members of the Faith Worship Center Inter-national, Rivers of Life International, and the employees of the Muscogee County Superior Court Clerk’s Office. May they all be consoled and comforted by their abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE PLYMOUTH RE-GIONAL SENIOR CENTER 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my sincere con-gratulations to the Plymouth Regional Senior Center on its 25th anniversary. The Plymouth Regional Senior Center gives people across Grafton County a place to come together and share experiences, and it pro-vides valuable resources and programs that help our elder citizens maintain their health and wellbeing. I remain committed to doing all I can to ensure that seniors in the Granite State have the resources and support they need. On behalf of my constituents across New Hampshire’s Second Congressional District, I thank the Plymouth Regional Senior Center for the great service it provides to the Granite State and congratulate the Center again on 25 years of operation. I look forward to our con-tinued work together in making New Hamp-shire an even better place to live, work, and raise a family. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on March 21, 2018, I was unavoidably delayed and not present for the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: on Roll Call Vote 120, on Motion to Recommit With Instructions to H.R. 5247, I would have voted Aye, and on Roll Call Vote 121, on Passage of H.R. 5247, I would have voted No. 
f 
REMEMBERING STANLEY HENSON 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Stanley Henson of Blue Ridge, Georgia. After serving Fannin County for years as a volunteer fireman, he tragically passed away on Monday, March 12. In his career, Stanley committed his life to helping his small northeast Georgia commu-nity. Friends described him as a ‘‘brother,’’ someone they could always rely on. Even in the hours leading up to his death, he showed his servant’s heart by assisting vic-tims of a car crash. Because he never hesi-tated to help someone in need, the Fannin County Fire Department made plans to pro-mote Stanley to the rank of lieutenant to honor his service. Stanley’s kindness and courage has left a lasting impact on our corner of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask that we all continue to pray for this hero’s loved ones in the coming days. 
f 
HONORING THE PUBLIC SERVICE CAREER OF HARRY W. CAMP, JR. 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Harry W. Camp, Jr., a remark-able individual who served a long and distin-guished career with the U.S. Forest Service. Now retired at 107 years old, Mr. Camp exem-plifies the tremendous expertise, talent and dedication of the federal employees who serve our nation, and the warmth and wit that we’d all welcome in a friend or neighbor. Serving in a career spanning from 1933 to 1974, Mr. Camp helped to oversee our na-tional forests at a time of great change for our nation and our public lands. Recreational visits to national forests exploded from roughly 10 million in 1933 to 175 million in 1974 as more families could afford automobiles and the interstate highway system made traveling across the country easier. He also oversaw a period of dramatic advances in technology, in-cluding satellites and aerial photography to as-sist forestry management. Mr. Camp’s passion for the outdoors and tireless work ethic were demonstrated at a young age. As a teenager, his summers were spent in the mountains of Washington on the Yakima Indian Reservation performing gruel-ing and dangerous work on fire crews. After graduating from the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in forestry, he officially went to work for the U.S. Forest Service. Over the years, he worked his way up the ranks in a variety of positions across the country from ranger to research and management. In the 1950s, the U.S. Forest Service need-ed greater insight about how to best manage, maintain and improve the public lands that were undergoing strain from increasing usage for recreation. In 1959, Mr. Camp undertook a major role in this effort when he was named the first Branch Chief of Recreation Research in Washington, D.C. After 42 years with the U.S. Forest Service, Harry Camp retired in 1974 as regional direc-tor of the Pacific Southwest Forest and Range Experiment Station in Berkeley, California, where he oversaw the work of more than 100 scientists. Researchers there are dedicated to improving firefighting techniques, battling for-est insects and diseases, increasing timber production and water yield in California, and meeting the needs of the millions of rec-reational visitors to our national forests. Outside of his work in the U.S. Forest Serv-ice, Mr. Camp also dedicated considerable time and effort to volunteer service, including the Society of American Foresters. He re-ceived the prestigious John A. Beale Memorial Award for outstanding efforts in promoting for-estry. Additionally, he served as program officer at the Fifth World Forestry Congress in 1960. Later, he worked as a member of the land-mark Earth Resources Presidential Com-mittee. I am happy to report that Mr. Camp and his wife, Myrna, now call the great state of Minnesota home. It is fitting that they have chosen to retire in a state where we are so proud of our public lands and committed to protecting our beautiful forests, lakes and riv-ers. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the extraordinary life of Harry W. Camp, Jr. and his exemplary service on behalf of the U.S. Forest Service to ensure the sustain-ability of our national forests and public lands for today and future generations. f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE VALLEY WOMEN’S CLUB OF THE SAN LORENZO VALLEY ON THE OCCA-SION OF ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Valley Women’s Club (VWC) of the San Lorenzo Valley (SLV), California, as it celebrates 40 years of community service. The VWC was founded in 1978 by a small group of women whose goal was to promote clean water, recycling, and responsible environ-mental practices. They saw the need for an organization devoted to improving the quality of life in their community and they had a com-mitment to ensure that future generations would inherit blessings, not burdens. The VWC is an organization known for em-powering people and its membership has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.013 E22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE364 March 22, 2018 
grown significantly since it was founded. While the VWC expanded and men joined their ranks, its name has never changed because it was the inspiration of women and their mobili-zation that launched the organization. Now a 501–c–3 non-profit, the VWC has made count-less contributions in numerous ways. One ex-ample is its creation of the Redemption and Recycling Centers in Ben Lomond, Boulder Creek, and Felton, which were created to pro-tect the SLV watershed and Monterey Bay by reclaiming materials that would otherwise enter the waste stream. Through its Environ-mental Committee, the VWC monitors timber harvest proposals and development plans, and creates environmental safety and health infor-mation programs for all residents of the SLV. The Education Committee provides scholar-ships to SLV High School students going on to Cabrillo College, and distributes Ready-for School-Kinderbags for all incoming kinder-garten students. The VWC also established the SLV Habitat Restoration Program to remove damaging invasive plant species which allow native spe-cies to re-establish and flourish. Through the Habitat Restoration Program, the VWC con-tinues to educate, inspire, and train AmeriCorps teams in environmental habitat restoration, community cooperation, and lead-ership. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in expressing our col-lective gratitude to the Valley Women’s Club for its remarkable contributions which have bettered the community of the San Lorenzo Valley and strengthened our country, and con-gratulate them on forty years of extraordinary progress. RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ARAB TRIBUNE 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I want to rec-ognize and honor a monumental occasion in the history of journalism in Alabama’s Fourth Congressional District, which I am proud to represent. On March 27, 1958, 60-years-ago, The Arab Tribune published its first edition. The paper began that first edition by saying, ‘‘With this issue—Vol. 1, No. 1 of The Arab Tribune . . . a new paper is born. We sin-cerely hope you will like it.’’ I believe after six decades of publication, it is clear that the peo-ple of Arab and Brindlee Mountain more than like The Arab Tribune. The Tribune began as a vision of Ralph Reed who put the first issues into print. Sadly, he died a short time later in a bus accident. His brother, Ewell Reed, who was at the time an FBI agent, moved his family from Vir-ginia to Arab, where he put down his badge and took up a notebook and pencil. He contin-ued his brother’s dream and turned The Arab Tribune into a success. Since 1970, Ewell’s son Ed Reed has been the publisher of the paper. The Arab Tribune has been in the Reed family for its entire existence and that has meant no corporate takeovers dictating news content from a faraway city. Quite the con-trary, The Arab Tribune was and is community focused. Current editor Charles Whisenant, and the reporters at the Tribune, make sure the paper is focused on hyper-local content. In our current world where people have ac-cess to large amounts of national and inter-national news, it is ever more important that local, community newspapers continue to thrive. Our democracy depends on people being engaged, not just in what’s happening in Washington, New York or Los Angeles, but also what’s happening down the street and in their local government. I congratulate the men and women of The Arab Tribune for six decades of putting the people of Arab and Brindlee Mountain first and foremost. And I wish them many more years of success as the ‘‘Ledger of Community Progress.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ALFRED NYHOLM LARSEN 
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 22, 2018 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the distinguished life and dis-tinguished career of 98 year-old Mr. Alfred Nyholm Larsen of Bellingham, Washington. Mr. Larsen is a World War II, U.S. Navy vet-eran who served in the United States, Europe and Asia. Mr. Larsen also worked under the ACTION program which oversaw federal volunteer pro-grams such as Volunteers in Service to Amer-ica (VISTA). He created the Retired Senior Volunteer Program, which is one of the largest volunteer efforts in the country for individuals 55 or older. He is a proud father of four and is spending his retirement in his home state of Wash-ington. I would like to thank and recognize Mr. Lar-sen for his commitment to the state of Wash-ington and his service to this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.018 E22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D330 Thursday, March 22, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the H.R. 1625, Consolidated Ap-propriations Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1885–S1984 Measures Introduced: Forty-two bills and thirteen resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2589–2630, S.J. Res. 56–57, and S. Res. 441–451. 
                                                                                    Pages S1947–48 
Measures Reported: H.R. 70, to amend the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees. (S. Rept. No. 115–217) S. 374, to enable concrete masonry products man-ufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a co-ordinated program of research, education, and pro-motion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products. (S. Rept. No. 115–218) Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommit-tees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2018’’. (Rept. No. 115–219) H.R. 1660, to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the pro-grams, projects, and activities of the Agency. S. Res. 426, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day, and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 429, commemorating the 59th anniversary of Tibet’s 1959 uprising as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day’’, and expressing support for the human rights and re-ligious freedom of the Tibetan people and the Ti-betan Buddhist faith community.
                     Page S1946 
Measures Passed: Kennedy-King Establishment Act: Senate passed H.R. 4851, to establish the Kennedy-King Com-memorative Site in the State of Indiana, after agree-ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S1892 Cornyn (for Young/Donnelly) Amendment No. 2215, to strike a provision relating to a special re-source study.
                                                                Page S1892 
Alaska Property Conveyance: Senate passed S. 269, to provide for the conveyance of certain prop-erty to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corpora-tion located in Dillingham, Alaska.
         Pages S1968–69 
Native American Business Incubators Program Act: Senate passed S. 607, to establish a business in-cubators program within the Department of the In-terior to promote economic development in Indian reservation communities, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
             Page S1969 
McConnell (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 2223, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S1969 
Indian Community Economic Enhancement Act: Senate passed S. 1116, to amend the Native Amer-ican Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic development opportunities to Indian communities, after withdrawing the com-mittee amendments, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S1969–72 
McConnell (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 2224, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S1972 
Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Repeal Act: Senate passed S. 1223, to repeal the Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act, after agreeing to the committee amendment.
                                                                  Page S1972 
Johnson-O’Malley Supplemental Indian Edu-cation Program Modernization Act: Senate passed S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\MARCH\D22MR8.REC D22MR8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D331 March 22, 2018 
agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S1972–75 
McConnell (for Lankford) Amendment No. 2225, to include Alaska Native organizations in consulta-tions.
                                                                                Page S1973 
Childhood Cancer STAR Act: Senate passed S. 292, to maximize discovery, and accelerate develop-ment and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, after agreeing to the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute.
          Pages S1975–77 
Supporting Grandparents Raising Grand-children Act: Senate passed S. 1091, to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S1977–78 
National CACFP Week: Committee on the Judi-ciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 405, designating the third week of March 2018 as ‘‘National CACFP Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                            Page S1978 
Hurricane Maria 6-Month Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 445, marking the 6-month anni-versary of the devastation of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands by Hurricane Maria. 
                                                                                            Page S1978 
National Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 446, designating March 25, 2018, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day’’. 
                                                                                            Page S1978 
National Rehabilitation Counselors Apprecia-tion Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 447, designating March 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’.
                                      Page S1978 
National Women’s History Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 448, designating March 2018 as ‘‘National Women’s History Month’’.
                                   Page S1978 
National Asbestos Awareness Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 449, designating the first week of April 2018 as ‘‘National Asbestos Awareness Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S1978 
Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 116, providing for a correction in the enroll-ment of H.R. 1625, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S1978 
McConnell (for Risch) Amendment No. 2226, of a perfecting nature.
                                                   Page S1978 
Strengthening Protections for Social Security Beneficiaries Act: Committee on Finance was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 4547, to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to improve and strengthen the representative payment program, and the bill was then passed.                                                                                             Page S1982 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to con-sideration of S. 1519, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                Pages S1886–92, S1892–S1931 
House Messages: Ashlynne Mike AMBER Alert in Indian Coun-try Act: Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants.
                                             Page S1968 
Consolidated Appropriations Act: By 65 yeas to 32 nays (Vote No. 63) Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in per-sons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, after taking action on the fol-lowing motions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S1979–80 
Withdrawn: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2217 (to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date.
                Page S1979 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 91 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 61), Senate agreed to the motion to instruct the Sergeant at Arms to request the attendance of absent Senators.
    Page S1978 
By 67 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 62), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                              Page S1979 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2219, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                                      Page S1979 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD332 March 22, 2018 
McConnell Amendment No. 2220 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 2219), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2219 (listed above) fell.
    Page S1979 
McConnell Amendment No. 2221 (to Amend-ment No. 2220), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2220 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2219) fell.
                   Page S1979 
McConnell Amendment No. 2218 (to Amend-ment No. 2217), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2217 (to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to the bill) (listed above) was withdrawn.
                   Page S1979 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that Sen-ator Lankford be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions from Friday, March 23, 2018 through Monday, March 26, 2018.
     Page S1982 
Authorizing Leadership to Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Senate, the President Pro Tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make ap-pointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences au-thorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
            Pages S1982–83 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, March 26, 2018 at 11:30 a.m.; Thursday, March 29, 2018 at 3:45 p.m.; Monday, April 2, 2018 at 12 noon; Thursday, April 5, 2018 at 11:30 a.m.; and that when the Senate ad-journs on Thursday, April 5, 2018, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, April 9, 2018.
           Page S1983 
Boom Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky.
                         Page S1980 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1980 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Friday, March 23, 2018, a vote on clo-ture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, April 9, 2018.                                                                                Page S1983 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, April 9, 2018.
                                                                          Page S1983 
Ring Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of John F. Ring, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board.
                                           Page S1980 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky.
                         Page S1983 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1980 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1980 
Pizzella Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. 
                                                                                            Page S1980 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board.
                                                         Page S1980 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1980 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1980 
Wheeler Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency.
                            Page S1980 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor.
                             Page S1980 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D333 March 22, 2018 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1980 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1980 
Broomes Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas.
                                                                      Page S1981 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
                                                    Page S1981 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1980 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1981 
Jennings Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Rebecca Grady Jen-nings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky.
                           Page S1981 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kan-sas.
                                                                                     Page S1981 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1981 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1981 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed on Friday, March 23, 2018 ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, April 9, 2018.
                                                                                Page S1983 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the European Bank for Recon-struction and Development, United States Governor of the African Development Fund, and United States Governor of the Asian Development Bank. Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the International Monetary Fund, United States Governor of the African Development Bank, United States Governor of the Inter-American Development Bank, and United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and De-velopment for a term of five years. Carlos Trujillo, of Florida, to be Permanent Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Organization of American States, with the rank of Ambassador. Robert K. Hur, of Maryland, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maryland for the term of four years. Robert Frank Pence, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Finland. Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alter-nate Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years. Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Reconstruc-tion and Development. Mark Schneider, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of the Institute of Education Science, Department of Education for a term of six years. Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Manage-ment). Tim Thomas, of Kentucky, to be Federal Cochair-man of the Appalachian Regional Commission. Kevin Edward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (International Organization Af-fairs). Josephine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Director of the Peace Corps. Marie Royce, of California, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of State (Educational and Cultural Affairs). James Edwin Williams, of Utah, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Department of Labor. Edward Charles Prado, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Argentine Republic. Trevor D. Traina, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Austria. Brent K. Park, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Security Administration. Thomas T. Cullen, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years. David C. Joseph, of Louisiana, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Louisiana for the term of four years. 26 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 6 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 5 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S1983–84 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1945 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD334 March 22, 2018 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S1945–46 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S1946 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S1946 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1946 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S1946–47 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1948–50 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1950–56 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1942–45 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1956–68 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1968 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1968 
Quorum Calls: One quorum call was taken today. (Total—1)
                                                                      Page S1978 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—63)
                                                           Pages S1978–80 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:31 a.m. on Thursday, March 22, 2018 and adjourned at 1:01 a.m. on Friday, March 23, 2018, until 11:30 a.m. on Monday, March 26, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in to-day’s Record on page S1983.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the challenges in the Department of Energy’s atomic energy defense programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Rick Perry, Secretary of Energy. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from John C. Rood, Under Sec-retary for Policy, General Lori J. Robinson, USAF, Commander, United States Northern Command and North American Aerospace Defense Command, Lieu-tenant General Samuel A. Greaves, USAF, Director, Missile Defense Agency, and Lieutenant General James H. Dickinson, USA, Commanding General, Army Space and Missile Defense Command/Army Forces Strategic Command and Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile De-fense, all of the Department of Defense. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT OVERSIGHT Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, including S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and en-hance consumer protections, after receiving testi-mony from Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. WESTERN WATER SUPPLY OUTLOOK AND WATER INFRASTRUCTURE AND DROUGHT RESILIENCE BILLS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 2018 Western Water Supply Outlook and the following Water In-frastructure and Drought Resilience Bills, including S. 2539, to amend the Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize certain projects to increase Col-orado River System water, S. 2560, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to fa-cilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of ap-propriate reclamation projects or facilities, and S. 2563, to improve the water supply and drought re-silience of the United States, after receiving testi-mony from Timothy Petty, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Water and Science; Derek I. Sandison, Washington State Department of Agriculture Direc-tor, Olympia; Kathryn Sorensen, City of Phoenix Water Services Department, Phoenix, Arizona; Pat-rick O’Toole, Family Farm Alliance, Savery, Wyo-ming; Laura Ziemer, Trout Unlimited, Bozeman, Montana; and Cindy Ortega, MGM Resorts Inter-national, Las Vegas, Nevada. TRADE POLICY AGENDA Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s 2018 trade policy agenda, after receiving testimony from Robert E. Lighthizer, United States Trade Representative. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Thomas T. Cullen, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Virginia, Robert K. Hur, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maryland, and David C. Joseph, to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Louisiana, all of the Department of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D335 March 22, 2018 
INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5379–5407; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 116 and H. Res. 797–805, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H2040–42 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2043 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: S. 466, to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to in-clude additional land in the Kaibab National Forest, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–615); H.R. 3008, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–616); Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Luis V. Gutie´rrez (H. Rept. 115–617); and Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Bobby L. Rush (H. Rept. 115–618).
                                                                      Page H2040 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Paul Meyers, Roscoe United Methodist Church, Roscoe, Illinois. 
                                                                                            Page H1757 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H2029 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures. Consideration began Monday, March 19th. Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act: H.R. 4227, amended, to require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 417 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 125; 
                                                                                    Pages H1767–68 
Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018: H.R. 5131, amended, to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, se-cure against vehicle-based attacks, and conduct a fea-sibility assessment of introducing new security tech-nologies and measures, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 409 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 126;
           Pages H1768–69 
Strengthening Aviation Security Act: H.R. 4467, amended, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 408 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 128; and
                                                                 Pages H2027–28 
Strengthening Local Transportation Security Ca-pabilities Act of 2018: H.R. 5089, amended, to improve threat information sharing, integrated oper-ations, and law enforcement training for transpor-tation security, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 397 yeas with one voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 129.
   Pages H2028–29 
Targeted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking: The House concurred in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–66, by a yea-and-nay vote of 256 yeas to 167 nays, Roll No. 127. 
                                                                                            Page H2027 
H. Res. 796, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1625) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 211 ayes to 207 noes, Roll No. 124, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 123.
                                          Pages H1766–67 
Providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 116, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625.
                                                                       Pages H2029–30 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, March 23rd.
                  Page H2030 
Kennedy-King National Commemorative Site Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD336 March 22, 2018 
4851, to establish the Kennedy-King Commemora-tive Site in the State of Indiana.
                        Page H2037 
Discharge Petition: Representative Jackson Lee pre-sented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Com-mittee on the Judiciary from the consideration of H.R. 3654, to limit the removal of a special counsel (Discharge Petition No. 9).
                                  Page H2033 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appear on page H2029. Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1766–67, H1767, H1767–68, H1768–69, H2027, H2027–28, and H2028–29. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 3:11 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET REQUEST FOR NUCLEAR FORCES AND ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Nuclear Forces and Atom-ic Energy Defense Activities’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Terry Benedict, Director, Navy Strategic Systems Program; Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, Administrator, National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration; James Owendoff, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Environment Management, Department of Energy; General Robin Rand, Commander, Air Force Global Strike Command; and John C. Rood, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense. REVIEWING DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PROGRAMS FOR COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing Department of Defense Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction (CWMD) for Fiscal Year 2019’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Joseph Osterman, Deputy Commander, U.S. Special Oper-ations Command; Vayl Oxford, Director, Defense Threat Reduction Agency; Ken Rapuano, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security, Office of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Policy; and Guy Roberts, Assistant Sec-retary for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS: PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH SOLUTIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Prevention and Public Health Solu-tions’’. Testimony was heard from Scott Gottlieb, M.D., Commissioner, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Services; Anne Schuchat, Acting Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Christopher M. Jones, Di-rector of the National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on Four Communications Bills’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BUREAUCRATIC CHALLENGES TO HURRICANE RECOVERY IN PUERTO RICO Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Bureaucratic Challenges to Hurricane Recovery in Puerto Rico’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Byrne, Assistant Administrator for Field Operations, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; William Parks, Senior Advisor to the Assistant Secretary, Office of Elec-tricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of Energy; Peter Lopez, Regional Administrator, Re-gion 2, Environmental Protection Agency; and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 5345, the ‘‘American Leadership in Space Technology and Advanced Rock-etry Act’’; H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Commercial Space Sup-port Vehicle Act’’; and H.R. 5086, the ‘‘Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2018’’. H.R. 5345, H.R. 5346, and H.R. 5086 were ordered reported, with-out amendment. HEARING WITH COMMERCE SECRETARY ROSS Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing with Commerce Sec-retary Ross’’. Testimony was heard from Wilbur Ross, Secretary, Department of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D337 March 22, 2018 
BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting on Adoption of the Committee’s Investigative Report into Russian Ac-tive Measures During the 2016 Presidential Election. The Committee’s Investigative Report into Russian Active Measures During the 2016 Presidential Elec-tion was adopted, without amendment. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
GOOD FRIDAY AGREEMENT Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine the Good Friday Agreement at 20, focusing on achievements and unfinished business, after receiving testimony from Brian Gormally, Committee on the Adminis-tration of Justice, and Mark Thompson, Relatives for Justice, both of Belfast, Northern Ireland; and James F. McKay III, Ancient Order of Hibernians, New Orleans, Louisiana. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D304) 
H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Of-fice Building’’. Signed on March 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–38) H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. Signed on March 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–39) H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. Signed on March 20, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–40) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs), and Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, both of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD338 March 22, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11:30 a.m., Monday, March 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, March 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma Ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E364 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E360 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E362 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E359 Collins, Doug, Ga., E362, E363 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E363 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E359, E363 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E360 Green, Al, Tex., E361, E362 Himes, James A., Conn., E360 Hurd, Will, Tex., E361 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E361, E363 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E364 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E360 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E361 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E363 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E359 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E362 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E361 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E360 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E360 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:37 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22MR8.REC D22MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST