Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9693 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2018 No. 188 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 29, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RUCE  P
OLIQUIN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
MY WORK FOR AMERICA IS NOT DONE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, when I was born, separate but equal was the law of the land. Even in a northern city like Chicago, a young Puerto Rican kid knew where he could and could not go, which beaches and pools were open to him, and which were off-limits. Segregation and discrimination by race, gender, religion, and sexual ori-entation were deeply embedded in the customs and culture of our society, and upheld by the State and Federal Gov-ernment. So as I prepare to leave office after 26 years representing the people of the Fourth District of Illinois, I think it is important to reflect on how far we have come and how far we still have to go before this country lives up to its lofty ideals enshrined in our most sa-cred documents and origin mythology. That a Puerto Rican born in Chicago in 1953, 65 years ago, the son of Span-ish-speaking immigrants with little education who were driven by poverty from the mountains of Puerto Rico, would be able to speak into this micro-phone at all is perhaps a ringing en-dorsement for what this Nation stands for. But let us be clear: People sacrificed and died so that I could speak here today. People I never met, like Medgar Evers, Emmett Till, and countless oth-ers, died in the struggle against dis-crimination and American apartheid, and opened the path for me to be here today. The Voting Rights Act and other civil rights legislation passed in my lifetime on this floor were soaked in the blood of martyrs, old and young, who kept moving forward until every-one had the right to vote and every vote was counted. Even as the President and his party challenge the principles of the Voting Rights Act today, I have always tried to honor those who have given their lives to make America freer and stronger. To be blunt, were it not for the sac-rifice of Black Americans, Black people in this country and their allies, who literally had their homes and churches bombed fighting to make this country live up to its own creed, I would not be here speaking to you today. That has always and will always guide me. When the Fourth District was cre-ated to give Latinos an opportunity in Chicago to have a voice in Congress, I was the first to win that seat. While the majority of my constituents then in 1992 were 65 percent Latino, on elec-tion day, the majority of voters were White. In 26 years and 13 elections, that has changed. Today, voters on election day in the majority Latino Fourth District, which I represent, are, in fact, Latino. Early on, I realized the constituent services in my district were not re-stricted to veterans’ benefits and So-cial Security, although we work hard on those issues. In my district, helping people navigate the complex and ex-pensive process of citizenship was a top need and became a top priority for my office. We helped more than 55,000 people— let me underscore that, 55,000 immi-grants—become citizens, sponsoring workshops, helping people resolve issues, and setting a standard that I feel is unmatched by any congressional office. Just last month, I spoke with a woman who told me a remarkable story. Her daughter had assembled all of her documents and was prepared to apply for citizenship, and then she left the file on a Chicago subway system train. A few days later, this woman told me, a knock came at her door. Someone had found her daughter’s fold-er, and they didn’t give it to the CTA’s lost and found, but, rather, they made sure it got to my office on Fullerton Avenue in Chicago. My office and staff were so associated with citizenship and helping the immi-grant communities that this Good Sa-maritan felt there was only one logical place to return the documents. Indeed, we worked with her daughter to make sure all of her documents and fees were filed. Today, she is a citizen of the United States of America. When I walk through my district and talk with moms and dads, they tell me how my office touched their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.000 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9694 November 29, 2018 
Whether it was for citizenship or fight-ing someone’s wrongful deportation, my office has done more than just help constituents. We have literally helped them preserve their families. It is the legacy of helping families and individuals, and making this coun-try a more welcoming place for people, people a lot like my parents from rural Puerto Rico, that is what I carry with me as I leave. My work for America, her immi-grants, and the character of our great Nation is not done. It is simply switch-ing to private life. We who believe in freedom cannot rest. But to all of my colleagues, past and present, thank you for walking with me on this journey these many years. 
f 
INCREASING COAST GUARD ASSETS IN THE POLAR REGIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the urgent need for increased U.S. Coast Guard assets in the polar regions of the globe. America has been a world leader and a dominant force in the Arctic and Antarctic regions for over a century. While both of these areas are currently models of internationally shared terri-tory, the geopolitical relevance of the polar regions is rising, and with it comes a larger and stronger presence of countries such as Russia and China. Russia and China have both declared plans to grow and strengthen their presence in the polar region. China re-cently announced its status as a near- Arctic nation and continues to rapidly grow its ice-breaking fleet. Over the last 3 years, Russia has constructed six new bases in Russian Arctic territory. These are concerning and clear signs that Russia and China have intentions to change the nature of their presence in the polar regions. In order to compete with these coun-tries, we must protect our sovereignty in the Arctic and our national interests in the Antarctic. It is time for Con-gress to reinvest in Coast Guard assets in this area. The Coast Guard’s sole heavy ice-breaker, the Coast Guard cutter Polar Star, is 40 years old, and the task of ac-cessing the polar region becomes more difficult for this ship every ice season. Immediate investments in new heavy icebreaker ships, the Polar Security Cutter fleet, is critical to ensuring a long-term presence for the U.S. in these polar areas. The U.S. Coast Guard has created a 6–3-1 approach to rebuilding its polar region fleets. With this 6–3-1 position, the Coast Guard will build a fleet of six polar icebreakers, including three Polar Security cutters similar to the Polar Star, and the U.S. Coast Guard’s first Polar Security cutter. These new heavy icebreakers provide continued access to the polar region and, ultimately, will prevent the U.S. from ceding any ground to our political adversaries. I appreciate the hard work done by the folks at the Coast Guard, not only in the polar regions, but across the world. Their efforts play a role in en-suring our national security, and it is vital that we continue to provide the Coast Guard with the funding they need in order to do their jobs. This investment will arm the Coast Guard with the tools, equipment, and personnel it needs to complete its mis-sions on the polar front. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in Congress to join me in supporting the requested $750 million in funding. f 
ELIMINATE BIGOTRY AND HATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I rise, proud to be an American, proud to have the oppor-tunity to speak for people who cannot speak for themselves in this place. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mention the midterm elections of 2018, said by many who count and who are supposed to know to be one of the highest turn-outs ever, exceeding 100 million voters, said to be approximately 48 to 50 per-cent of those who are eligible to vote, depending on how you count and who is counting. In Texas, it is said that, on November 1, the number of Texans voting early exceeded the entire turnout for 2014. The numbers indicate that 3.3 million or more 18-to-29-year-olds voted early, a 188 percent increase over 2014. It was a record turnout. Why was there a record turnout? is the question that we have to grapple with. Yes, people turned out because they wanted better healthcare. They turned out because they want better jobs. They turned out because they want better schools, better education. They want better housing. But they also turned out because they were opposed to bigotry and hate. Nobody can give you the empirical evi-dence to support entirely the number that turned out because they were antithetical to bigotry and hate. But we know by anecdotal evidence that many people turned out, in addition to the other things, because they want to see bigotry and hate not managed, but they want to see it eliminated in the greatest and richest country in the world. Many people turned out with the ex-pectation that we would do something about all of the things that I have named, including bigotry and hate. Many people turned out because they want bigotry and hate to become more than talking points. They want bigotry and hate in this country to become ac-tion items. They want to see us visibly do some-thing about the bigotry and hate that has found a means by which it can mul-tiply, it can grow, in this country. We have seen evidence of it in elec-tions, a Senator who says: I’d go to a public hanging. We have seen evidence of it in our places of worship, people killed in a synagogue. We have seen evidence of it in the streets with words and behavior that are unacceptable. ‘‘Jews will not re-place us,’’ they said in Charlottesville. We have to do something about big-otry and hate, and it has to be more than simply talk. Talking points are good; action items are better. It is time for the Congress of the United States of America to stand up for the many peo-ple who suffer from bigotry and hate in this country. f 
THE SPEECH POLICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the First Amendment is first for a reason. It is the most important right we have as Americans and at the very core of who we are. Without the First Amendment, free-dom of religion, free speech, freedom of the press, freedom in assembly, the rest of the Amendments are meaning-less. The purpose of the First Amendment is to permit free and open discussion about the important issues of the day. It protects the right to speak freely about the two most controversial sub-jects of the day: religion and politics. This is exactly what was forbidden under King George, and it is exactly why our Founding Fathers chose to make it first among the original 10 in the Bill of Rights. b1015 But, somehow, the speech police have decided to replace free speech with their self-determined fair speech. If it is not fair to them, then it must be banned. What does fair mean? Fair means different things to dif-ferent folks. In some places in our country like Texas, fair is where you take the chickens or prized pig to sell it or eat anything you want to on a stick when it is deep fried. Fair means different things to dif-ferent folks. But the word ‘‘fair’’ is not in the Constitution. The Constitution protects free speech, not fair speech. It says Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, and the Constitution applies to the elitist speech control police whether they think that is fair or not and whether they like it or not. Our Founding Fathers established in-dividual rights to protect our liberties, not our feelings. We have become so caught up in the politically correct re-striction that everyone has the right not to be offended that we are, in fact, losing the right of free speech. Where does the Constitution say you have the right not to be offended? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.002 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9695 November 29, 2018 
The right of free speech belongs to the speaker and cannot be regulated by the listener because it may be offensive and certainly cannot be regulated by government because it is not fair—fair in the eyes of government. But our most important freedom is being replaced by fear: the fear to speak openly. Some wish to prohibit the voice and speech of others they dis-agree with or if the opposing view may be offensive. So the controlists want speech regulated or, to put it bluntly, it must be politically correct. It is interesting that the one place where diversity of thought, ideas, and speech should be promoted is at our universities. But universities are pro-hibiting free speech in the name of pro-tecting the students, while at the same time professors say anything they want to say about all issues—the doc-trine of free speech for me but not for thee. To make matters worse, the controlists want government to regu-late speech. That is a Stalinist con-cept. Stalin used government to silence all opposing views, views that offended the government and the elitists. It is not just those in the public eye. Every-one feels they must weigh every thought and decision against who and how it could possibly be offensive to someone, somewhere, somehow. It is ri-diculous, and it is a threat to our free-dom and our prosperity. We cannot live in fear of speech. We cannot live in fear to speak. The Founding Fathers intended free speech to include criticism of the gov-ernment and to advocate unpopular ideas, including controversial ideas. Freedom of speech allows individuals to express themselves without inter-ference of the government and truly debate all issues. But we must not allow that to be lost to this out-of-con-trol, politically correct crowd that only wants to allow speech that agrees with their agenda and, literally, de-stroys anyone who disagrees. Law professor Alan Dershowitz said: ‘‘Freedom of speech means freedom for those who you despise, and freedom to express the most despicable views. It also means that the government can-not pick and choose which expressions to authorize and which to prevent.’’ Voltaire, who lived at the time of our Revolution, said: ‘‘I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.’’ Lively disagreements are the founda-tion of a free republic. George Washington said it very well when he said: ‘‘If freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaugh-ter.’’ America must always remain a free and open space where the marketplace of ideas—even those we detest or dis-agree with—are freely expressed. It seems our very founding document is at risk of fading into the abyss of his-tory. The irony of it all is that free speech is becoming anything but free, and that ought not to be. We should all speak out against the controlling speech police. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
TOXIC CAPITALISM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, GM went to bed with a record $3.2 billion in profits last quarter alone. Its shareholders went to bed with a 5 percent surge in stock prices, plus the $10.6 billion the company has spent on buybacks since 2015. Mean-while, 14,000 GM workers spent a sleep-less night wondering if their jobs and livelihoods would still be there for them the next morning. There is no better snapshot of our country’s current, toxic brand of cap-italism, where we are operating in a system that demands that workers labor harder and harder to meet basic human needs but refuses to share even a slice of the success that they helped create. For those of us in this Chamber this morning, it is about more than one company or one balance sheet. It is about 50 years of giving the private sector explicit permission to cast workers aside. It is about an economy that has become the antithesis of what our country stands for: equity, de-cency, justice, and hard work. President Trump has made his re-sponse to these economic inequities very clear. His is a country of bitter ri-valry between fellow citizens forced to endlessly spar over the scraps of that system: ‘‘My wages can’t go up unless your food stamps are taken away.’’ ‘‘Your medical bills can’t fall unless my insurance goes.’’ So Americans spend their days fighting each other over economic crumbs while our sys-tem quietly delivers the entire pot to those at the top. That is the reality that our new Democratic majority must address for the coal miner in Kentucky, the daycare worker in New York, the fifth- generation farming family in Ohio, the first-generation immigrant family in Massachusetts, the mostly White towns in West Virginia devastated by an opioid epidemic, and the commu-nities of color across our country ter-rorized by the war on drugs. Forget where they are from or what they look like or how they vote. All of these Americans face an economy that does not operate for them. They live in cities and towns that are likely to be medically underserved, educationally ostracized from today’s job market, plagued by inadequate infrastructure, and burdened by crumbling homes or houses that no one can afford. They disproportionately shoulder the hard words that can make life hurt: ‘‘eviction,’’ ‘‘addiction,’’ ‘‘bank-ruptcy,’’ and ‘‘violence.’’ They hail from the places where poll-ing locations disappear, where the big-gest economic engine is a payday lend-er, where lead poisons their children’s water, and where injustice and insuffi-ciency fester for generations before a government thinks to step in. This is the challenge of our time. It is the injustice that we have to solve not just because of our politics, but be-cause our system will not survive if we don’t. I believe in that system. American capitalism has done great good for a great number of people. It has given the average American a bet-ter standard of living than anywhere else in the world, lifted millions out of poverty, and powered our globe. But its current iteration is badly broken, and the sooner we admit it, the sooner we can strip it to the studs and build something better. A moral capitalism is judged not just by how much it produces, but by how widely it shares, how much good it does for how many, and how well it takes care of each and every single one of us. 
f 
ENTREPRENEURIAL CAPITALISM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. I came here this morning, Mr. Speaker, and I picked up a copy of this morning’s edition of The Wall Street Journal. Many Americans would consider it to be the most influ-ential newspaper in America, but cer-tainly, at least on economic matters, I think most would agree. I just happened to read the lead edi-torial today, Mr. Speaker, and it says the House, this body, has ‘‘done yeo-man’s work shepherding a compendium of bipartisan bills to expand access to capital.’’ This is in the most influential news-paper in America. There is a lot in between, but let me go to the last sentence, where it says: ‘‘Senate Republicans shouldn’t scuttle what could be one of this Congress’s better achievements.’’ That is in today’s Wall Street Jour-nal, Mr. Speaker. The Journal is talking about JOBS 3.0. It is a bill that came out of this body, 406–4. Its purpose, Mr. Speaker, is to promote small business, to promote entrepreneurial capitalism, and to pro-mote venture capital. Again, Mr. Speaker, it came out of this body, 406–4—we couldn’t get a 406– 4 vote on a Mother’s Day resolution— and yet it languishes on that side of the Capitol. So I have been in this body for 16 years, Mr. Speaker, and I have learned a few things. One of the things I have learned is never underestimate the Senate’s capacity to do nothing. Unfor-tunately, so far, the United States Sen-ate has done nothing on a bill that passed, 406–4. Now, Mr. Speaker, thanks to the leadership of President Donald Trump, thanks to the leadership of Speaker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.013 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9696 November 29, 2018 
PAULRYAN, and thanks to the leader-ship of Chairman K
EVIN BRADY , we have what, for most Americans—not all, but for most Americans—is simply the greatest economy they have had in their entire lifetimes: Unemployment is at a 50-year low, cutting across all socioeconomic groups; Small business optimism and con-sumer optimism is off the charts; We are seeing more people come back into the labor force. This is all great news, but we cannot be blinded by the fact that, as good as the economy is today, we still have to concentrate on the economy of tomor-row. We need to know: Can we ensure that the seed capital is there? Can we make sure that our public policy nourishes the drivers of tomor-row’s economy? The next Amazons, the next Googles, and the next Ubers, where are they going to come from? So, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, what we have seen is that, as recently as 2016, startups in America have been cut in half. And, oh, incidentally, the regulatory burden—more securities regulatory burden—has increased by over 50 per-cent in the last 10 years, and by over 80 percent. It now costs, Mr. Speaker, twice as much to go public today as it did 10 years ago. What do we see? We see half the num-ber of companies going public. They don’t seem to have that prob-lem in China, Mr. Speaker, because China has over one-third of the world’s IPOs, or initial public offerings; yet, in the United States, our IPOs have been cut in half. That is why it is so important that every Congress go back and we ensure that our securities laws are written in such a way that we make sure that en-trepreneurial capitalism can’t just sur-vive in America but absolutely thrive. So I come to this floor again to ask that our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol—and I have many friends in that body, but I am often confused why they cannot act on something that has received incredible support in the House. Mr. Speaker, November is National Entrepreneurship Month. There are only 2 days left in the month. I hope that my voice can be heard on the other side of the Capitol, and I would ask the United States Senate to imme-diately take up the JOBS 3.0 Act and make sure that the economy of tomor-row for our children and grandchildren is as healthy and thriving as the econ-omy of today. 
f 
b1030 HUMANITARIAN MORAL COMPASS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the uniqueness of this Nation is the idea that we have coddled democracy, free-dom, and justice. We have maintained a constitutional government and have been respected worldwide. This has been through wars, times of peace, times of depression, and times of devas-tation in our own Nation. Yet, we re-main a Nation that has a moral guide-post. I rise today to announce to this House that America can do two things at once. It can condemn the terroristic, violent act of killing a Saudi reporter who worked at the Washington Post, and, at the same time, maintain its status and prominence to engage in the affairs of the Middle East, as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encour-age the legislation that is now moving through procedurally in the United States Senate to remove our support for the Yemen war that the Saudis have enacted upon against the people of Yemen and stand against the violent acts against children—the killing of children on school buses, which has happened over and over again—and the bloodshed and starvation that is going on in Yemen with our affirmation. It is time now to end that bloody war with our handprints on it. I hope the other body will engage in debate and be fully informed by this thoughtful, bi-partisan legislation. I believe that it should come to the House and that we should act on it with all expeditious-ness. Now just imagine that a tape exists, which I believe Members of Congress should have the right to listen to, but I understand we are brilliant people and our imaginations are vivid. Imag-ine that you went into a consular’s of-fice with the hopes and dreams of a new marriage. You are following the codes and laws of your native land to get permission to marry again, to have joy again, to be able to be with some-one you love. Rather than having the process on paper, your blood was splattered on the floor. You are greeted with a brutal force that demanded whatever—loyalty to the crown prince—and you were bludgeoned and killed by allegedly the biggest untruth: it was an accident. Then, tragically, to your family comes the evidence or the word that you were mutilated or dismembered. Our imagination, tragically, can allow us to see that picture, ordered by the crown prince. We must cease and desist any relationship in this war and, at the same time, maintain diplomacy. Mr. Speaker, we also need to be more merciful to those who are at the bor-der. As a senior member of the Home-land Security Committee, we have cre-ated this crisis here in the government, the White House, and the administra-tion. We must be humanitarians. Tear gas can be used to protect our men and women at the border, but it must be used sparingly and not against mothers and children. I hope to be able to discuss this issue. I hope to be down at the border to see this disgraceful behavior. We can do better in feeding them and providing cover as they are processed. Our law has not changed. You can seek a legal asylum request to enter the legal ports of entry—even those who are not. The White House knows that. Let us not be known for the brutality against women and children as we have been known to separate women and children. Finally, again, as a member of the Homeland Security Committee, we need to rush disaster housing assist-ance to California. None of us have seen the magnitude of the Camp fire fires. FEMA has not provided disaster housing assistance. The President must issue that order. We must rush to pro-vide for those people who are homeless. We know that it is more efficient to provide funding for housing as opposed to hotels. They are begging for it. I be-lieve that we should convene a Home-land Security hearing to be able to as-sist these individuals as quickly as pos-sible. Where is the humanitarian moral compass of this Nation to stop killing children in Yemen; to understand that we must help those suffering refugees at the border; and finally, Mr. Speaker, to help our neighbors in California get housing after everything is gone? f 
WAR IN YEMEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-ber of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, I have closely followed the re-cent developments in the war between Saudi Arabia and the Houthi rebels in Yemen. This is one of the world’s deadliest wars. Air strikes and other acts of war have killed tens of thousands of civil-ians. Yemen has become a wasteland, with widespread disease and famine. An estimated 85,000 children have been killed or died from malnutrition. The United Nation estimates that Yemen is now facing the specter of a famine threatening 14 million people: half of their population. Three-quarters of Yemen’s population now requires ur-gent humanitarian assistance. The time has come for us to recon-sider our support for this disastrous war and to consider the moral impera-tives that form the foundation of our values, as well as our strategic inter-ests. In this instance, I believe both our moral values and strategic interest require that we reassess our involve-ment in this tragic human catastrophe. We must reject war and pursue peace. The day I was sworn in as a Member of Congress, I joined the House in pass-ing a resolution calling on all parties involved in the conflict to increase ef-forts to prevent civilian casualties and to increase humanitarian access. In ad-dition, the resolution denounced the conduct of the war in Yemen that is, directly or indirectly, inconsistent with the laws of armed conflict, includ-ing the deliberate targeting of civilians 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.004 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9697 November 29, 2018 
and the use of civilians as human shields. It is my fear that our continued sup-port of this war will only increase re-sentment of the United States and the region. It will diminish U.S. security and undermine America’s moral au-thority and reputation as a champion of our foundational values such as human rights and civil liberties. In addition to the horrendous human-itarian costs in Yemen itself, it makes the entire region less secure and makes humanitarian disasters in the wider re-gion more likely. But more impor-tantly, what is happening in Yemen is just simply wrong. It is out of harmony with America’s values. Ironically, the very reason we want to support a strong ally in Saudi Arabia is to pre-vent this type of situation, not foster it. These conditions provide a breeding ground for violent extremism and for terrorist groups to expand. Prolonging the war in Yemen only strengthens the Islamic state in Yemen and al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula. Additionally, the conflict undertaken by the Saudi- led coalition under the objective of ‘‘eliminating Iranian influence’’ has achieved just the opposite. Iran has been able to use the conflict as an opportunity to establish a foot-hold across the Middle East. They send soldiers to prop up a dictator, Bashar al-Assad, in Syria. Additionally, Iran- supported Hezbollah is now the domi-nant political force in Lebanon, and able to threaten neighboring Israel, our closest ally in the region, with its growing missile and rocket arsenal. This threat to Israel is in addition to the ongoing barrage of missiles fired into Israel by Iran-supported Hamas in Gaza. I welcomed Secretary of Defense Mattis’ comments in October, when he said, ‘‘It’s time to stop this.’’ He urged all parties to sit down and pursue peace. Secretary of Defense Mattis’ comments were followed by Secretary of State Pompeo’s statement in which he said, ‘‘The time is now for the ces-sation of hostilities.’’ I echo Secretary of Mattis’ further comments when he said, ‘‘We have got to move toward a peace effort here, and we can’t say we are going to do it sometime in the future.’’ We should support the U.N.-led efforts to bring peace to this devastated country and urge the Saudi-led coalition and Houthis to start peace negotiations im-mediately. Ending our support for the Saudi-led coalition highlights the gross inhu-manity of the war and that we do not support the way the conflict in Yemen is being conducted. It underlines our growing concerns about the behavior of Saudi Arabia as it affects larger Amer-ican strategic interests in the region and our interest in preserving global humanitarian norms. Ending our sup-port for the war will force the Saudi- led coalition to reconsider its policies and will signal our support for peace negotiations as, as called for by the ad-ministration. American foreign policy requires a balance between our national security and moral values. In the case of the war in Yemen, these competing im-peratives are not in conflict. Ending U.S. support for the war in Yemen sup-ports both American strategic inter-ests and humanitarian values. 
f 
EYE DONATION MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to acknowledge November as Eye Donation Month, dedicated to in-creasing awareness of the need to reg-ister as an eye, organ, and tissue donor. Since 1983, the Eye Bank Association of America, EBAA, and each of its 75- member eye banks across the U.S. have dedicated this month to honoring the Nation’s eye donors and their families, and to celebrate the transformative impact of corneal transplants on the lives of their recipients. With a 97 percent success rate, cor-neal transplants are the Nation’s most successful organ transplant procedures. Since the Association’s founding in 1961, nearly 2 million corneal tissue re-cipients have regained their sight. In 2017, EBAA member eye banks re-covered 135,203 corneas from 68,565 do-nors across the United States. This made it possible to provide the gift of sight to approximately 51,000 men, women, and children in the U.S., and over 26,000 recipients internationally. These eye banks also provided more than 24,000 corneas for research and educational purposes. My home State of California is served by eight eye banks that recovered nearly 8,000 corneas last year, making it the largest source of corneal tissue for transplant and research in the country. These donations allowed thou-sands of Californians to regain their vi-sion and resume the lives they had planned on living before disease or in-jury deprived them of their sight. In addition to improving their recipi-ents’ quality of life and giving comfort to donor families, corneal transplants also have a considerable economic im-pact on America’s healthcare system. A recent EBAA analysis found that the net lifetime economic benefits of cor-nea transplants performed in 2017 will exceed $6 billion, due to the elimi-nation of medical expenses related to vision care and the increased produc-tivity of both the cornea recipients and their caregivers. I thank the Eye Bank Association of America for its decades-long dedication to the restoration of sight. I thank all of those who list themselves as an organ donor on their driver’s license. I thank all of those who are willing to give of themselves for others. I want to reassure and thank their loved ones, because those who have passed have done a great good for society, for peo-ple who have lost their sight, and for future generations who will one day benefit from the research they have contributed to by donating their cor-neas. I encourage my colleagues to join me in urging all Americans to give the selfless gift of vision and life by reg-istering to become eye, organ, and tis-sue donors. f 
RECOGNIZING LOIS WHEELER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we recently returned to Congress after celebrating Thanksgiving, a time when we pause and reflect on the many bless-ings that our community bestows upon each one of us. Today, I am proud to recognize an outstanding citizen from Bucks Coun-ty, Pennsylvania, who worked tire-lessly for over three decades to ensure residents were able to enjoy the holi-day surrounded by friends and good food. Lois Wheeler of Lower Makefield began serving Thanksgiving meals to the underprivileged in our community in 1980. Known as ‘‘Bountiful Harvest Feasts,’’ Lois hosted between 125 and 200 people yearly at the Masonic Lodge in Fairless Hills. Lois’ dedication to serving the hun-gry began in high school. While attend-ing Neshaminy High School in Langhorne, Lois saw a classmate who was not able to afford lunch. Wheeler was so moved, she would bring him sandwiches to eat. When they were not available, she would give away her own lunch. Lois is truly beloved in our commu-nity. Her continued generosity has earned her the nickname ‘‘Sister Wheeler,’’ and she has also been called the ‘‘Mother Teresa of Bucks County.’’ While Lois’ health prevented her from participating this year, her leg-acy of service to Bucks County cannot be erased. We applaud Lois for her charity and generosity, and wish her and her husband, George, all the best. b1045 
RECOGNIZING THE LINGOHOCKEN VOLUNTEER  
FIRE COMPANY AND THE COUNCIL ROCK  
SCHOOL DISTRICT ’S ACHIEVE PROGRAM  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize students and public servants in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, who recently teamed up to spread awareness of fire safety and vo-cational training. Last month, the Lingohocken Volun-teer Fire Company met with students in the Council Rock School District’s ACHIEVE program, which is geared to-wards providing students with special needs the tools and skills needed for self-sufficiency. The Lingohocken Volunteer Fire Company’s presentation, which took place in a fire safety trailer to simu-late real-life emergencies, was aimed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.007 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9698 November 29, 2018 
at preparing students to respond to a fire hazard. I would like to thank Council Rock ACHIEVE staff John Engelhardt, Dan Bartleson, Steve Ruane, and David Marcinkowski for their work in pre-paring Bucks County students for the future. I would also like to thank Lingohocken Chief David James, along with firefighters Gary Davis, Charlie Vaughn, Ted Middleman, and Glenn Forsyth of Newtown Township Emer-gency Services for their dedication to our community. At a time when our fellow citizens in California are experiencing devastating wildfires, firefighters’ skills and exper-tise are appreciated and so sorely need-ed. We need them now more than ever. 
RECOGNIZING LINDSEY SPRITZLER  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a student from Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, for her outstanding achievements. Lindsey Spritzler, a senior at North Penn High School in Lansdale, was re-cently selected as a member of the 2018 All-National Honor Mixed Choir and is performing at their annual conference this week in Orlando, Florida. Lindsey was one of only 240 individ-uals across our country to be selected to join the vocalist team. This is cer-tainly no small feat. In order to even qualify, Lindsey had to be selected for the Pennsylvania All-State Chorus and place near the top of her section. I applaud Lindsey for her hard work and exceptional talent. We are also proud to recognize Music Department Chair Matthew Klenk for his commitment and dedication to our community and for his service to the North Penn School District as well. On behalf of our entire community, we all look forward to seeing what Lindsey will accomplish in the future. We know they will be great things. 
f 
RIGHT HONORABLE WINSTON CHURCHILL’S 144TH BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this week Speaker R
YAN and Leader P ELOSI wel-comed members of the Churchill family and the distinguished Ambassador from the United Kingdom to the United States Capitol in honor of the 144th an-niversary of the birthday of the Right Honorable Winston Churchill. It is al-ways a touching and fitting ceremony here in the people’s Capitol. I recall well one of the most fateful assignments of our predecessor body, the Continental Congress, when a spe-cial committee was formed, something Congress is great at. That special com-mittee included John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and Thomas Jefferson, and Jefferson was assigned this great task of drafting the Declaration of Inde-pendence. Well, Mr. Speaker, he completes his work, and he comes back to the com-mittee and he outlines his 27 griev-ances against the King. He has worked on it for days. Benjamin Franklin and John Adams review that work, and they make 80 changes—80 changes. It just shows that, no matter how good the author is, once it is turned over to a committee, there will be change. Of those 80 changes, about 25 percent of the Declaration of Independence that we know today, one of those changes speaks to the heart of the friendship, the underlying friendship, between the British and American peo-ple, for one of their changes was Jeffer-son’s poignant lament, which reads as this: ‘‘We might have been a free and great people together.’’ So that was taken out of the docu-ment, even though Jefferson outlined the 27 grievances why America should separate itself from Great Britain. I like to reflect on that when we fast- forward to Winston Churchill coming to America in 1946 and speaking at Westminster College in Missouri, when he toasted what he called the fraternal association of the English-speaking peoples. He said in that talk: ‘‘But we must never cease to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man which are the joint inheritance of the English-speak-ing world and which through Magna Carta, the Bill of Rights, the habeas corpus, trial by jury, and the English common law find their most famous ex-pression in the American Declaration of Independence.’’ So, on this 144th anniversary of the birth of Winston Churchill, someone who was of both, American and British, I salute his birth. I salute that special relationship between the United King-dom and this great country. RECOGNIZING ALICE ANDREWS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Alice Andrews, a good friend who was re-cently awarded the 2018 Neil Compton Award for her tireless work in con-servation in Arkansas. Born and raised in El Dorado, Alice received her undergraduate degree in fine arts from Henderson State Univer-sity, where she fell in love with arts and the environment. She is more than a 40-year member of the Ozark Society and has served ex-tended terms as Ozark Society presi-dent and conservation chair. Alice has worked for decades to pre-serve water, air quality, and wilderness areas throughout Arkansas. Her life-time of service to the State of Arkan-sas and environmental conservation will not be forgotten. I join all Arkansans in congratu-lating Alice on this achievement and wish her much continued success. 
FARM BUREAU PATRIOT PROJECT  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Arkansas Farm Bu-reau for participating in the American Farm Bureau Federation’s Patriot Project. Arkansas is one of only four States currently participating in this project. The Patriot Project is a program that connects military veteran begin-ning farmers and ranchers who are starting their careers with experienced Farm Bureau farmers, who act as men-tors. The Arkansas Farm Bureau works to identify military veterans and Farm Bureau mentors and facilitate long- term educational and professional mentorship relationships. The military veterans should be actively farming and using their own resources while their mentor guides them towards suc-cess. I thank Randy Veach, president of the Arkansas Farm Bureau, for his leadership in bringing this program to Arkansas, and I extend a warm hand of gratitude to the Arkansas Farm Bu-reau for its worthwhile commitment to our veterans. f 
LGBT EQUALITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, throughout my tenure in Congress, I have been so proud to work and pro-mote LGBT equality here at home and around the globe. When I was first elected as a Member of this distinguished body in 1989, our country was in a very different place than it is today in how we understood people who are LGBT and the rights and the respect due them. Although much progress still needs to be made, it is true that we are mov-ing in the right direction. Let me give you some examples, Mr. Speaker: By voting to end the misguided Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell policy; By funding much-needed human rights programs abroad, implemented by a wonderful agency, USAID, such as its LGBT Global Development Partner-ship; By endorsing the principle of equal-ity as it applies to marriage rights and responsibilities; By including LGBT individuals with-in nondiscrimination provisions and by ensuring that these and other services funded by this body are made available without regard to sexual orientation or gender identity. As a founding member of the Con-gressional LGBT Equality Caucus, I have continued to build on these suc-cesses by supporting education legisla-tion, including: The Student Non-Discrimination bill to end bullying and harassment contin-ually faced by LGBT students through-out our Nation; Adoption bills, such as Every Child Deserves a Family Act; Legislation to modernize laws and eliminate discrimination with respect to people living with HIV/AIDS; and The Equality Act, which gives con-sistent protection for LGBT individ-uals across existing civil rights laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.009 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9699 November 29, 2018 
Each one of these efforts seeks to put an end to the discrimination and to the violence against individuals as a result of their sexual orientation or their gen-der identity, and I believe each one of them is so strong and deserves to con-tinue to be an American value because discrimination of any kind runs counter to who we are as Americans. As a refugee from the brutal com-munist, the dictatorship in Cuba, I have always viewed my adopted home-land, the United States, as a symbol of freedom, of equality, of opportunity; and these are fundamental values that must be applied to everyone in our country, regardless of who they are or whom they love. The United States has a unique and important role in the world. Many peo-ple look to us for leadership. They as-pire to be like us. They emulate our values. So, as a country, we have the opportunity and the awesome responsi-bility to promote the best of our Amer-ican values. One way to do this is to take a stand against the violence, against the har-assment, against the discrimination that LGBT community members face around the world. Mr. Speaker, I will give some examples. Our American values dictate that we should respect and embolden individual freedoms for all. That is our guiding principle. But in 70 countries through-out the world, being gay or transgender is cause enough to be locked away, im-prisoned. In seven of these countries, the penalty is death. Our State Department Human Rights Report, a report that Congress has re-quested or mandated be filled out every year, is reported to us. It is filled with examples of abuses, of discrimination, of violence carried out against LGBT individuals everywhere. In Russia, basic political freedoms of speech, of assembly, and of expression are denied to those who are LGBT. In the Russian republic of Chechnya, Chechen government officials are di-rectly responsible for rounding up and executing LGBT individuals. We in Congress condemn these actions by Chechen authorities through a resolu-tion that I authored and we passed. In Egypt, LGBT individuals have been subjected to forced exams in order to prove if someone is gay, whatever that means; and, later, they are incar-cerated. In Indonesia and Nigeria, gay men have been stoned. In Jamaica, lesbians have been sub-jected to rape, purportedly to correct their sexual orientation. In Brazil and in many Central Amer-ican countries, transgender individuals have been subjected to abuse and mur-der. This is unimaginable in our country, but those are but a few examples of the range of injustices and disrespect that LGBT individuals face around the world. Those who remain in their countries face these humiliations. They are even denied employment, employment that they need in order to feed their fami-lies. And those who seek to flee their countries to escape a fate that you and I cannot even imagine are often denied the expedited refugee protection that they need. So, Mr. Speaker, as my time serving in this body comes to a close, my fight for what is right will not end. I say to my colleagues: We may be from dif-ferent parties, we may have different points of view and different philoso-phies, and we might serve on different committees, but I ask us all to com-mit, beginning today, to working across the aisle with a view to becom-ing more consistent, more fair, more respectful, and more principled on this issue. We as a country need to take ac-tion to set the right example. There are many issues upon which we as a body may never agree, but LGBT equality should not be one of them. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 59 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Pastor William Hild, Jr., FirstSarasota, the Downtown Baptist Church, Sarasota, Florida, offered the following prayer: Our Father and our God, we beseech You this morning to grant unto this House abundant wisdom, such as we read of in the epistle of James, a wis-dom that ‘‘is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, open to reason, full of mercy and good fruits, without uncertainty or insincerity.’’ May such wisdom be the foundation upon which debate and deci-sion is made. We pray for the health, wholeness, and peace to be upon each and every es-teemed Member, their spouses, their families, and the dedicated staffs who undergird them. May the great chal-lenges that confront our land, debated in this Chamber, become opportunities for even greater blessing as, together, we seek Your will for this, our beloved Nation. May we be reminded today that Your Word teaches us: ‘‘Blessed is the Na-tion whose God is the Lord.’’ We thank You for Your incredible goodness, re-membering all Your many blessings, both individually and as a Nation. We earnestly pray for a deeper desire to make You the foundation and center of our life as we offer this humble pray-er in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. LAWRENCE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 28, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the Certificate of Election received from the Honorable Ruth Johnson, the Michigan Secretary of State, indicating that, at the Special Elec-tion held on November 6, 2018, the Honorable Brenda Jones was duly elected Representa-tive in Congress for the 13th Congressional District, State of Michigan. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. S
TATE OF MICHIGAN  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  I, Ruth Johnson, Secretary of State and Custodian of the Great Seal of the State of Michigan, certify that the following persons were duly elected in Michigan at the Novem-ber 6, 2018 General Election to the Office of U.S. Representative in Congress for a term commencing immediately and ending on January 3, 2019, as shown by the official re-turns certified for the election and placed on file in this office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.010 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9700 November 29, 2018 
District 13, Brenda Jones. In witness whereof, I have hereto attached my signature and the Great Seal of the State of Michigan, at Lansing, on November 26, 2018. R
UTHJOHNSON , Secretary of State. f 
DIRECTING THE SPEAKER TO AD-MINISTER THE OATH OF OFFICE TO THE REPRESENTATIVE-ELECT FROM THE 13TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution (H. Res. 1161) and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1161 Resolved, That the Speaker is hereby au-thorized and directed to administer the oath of office to Ms. Brenda Jones, a representa-tive-elect from the 13th Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE BRENDA JONES, OF MICHIGAN, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-tive-elect and the members of the Michigan delegation present them-selves in the well. All Members will rise and the Rep-resentative-elect will please raise her right hand. Ms. JONES of Michigan appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE BRENDA JONES OF MICHIGAN TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recog-nized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I proudly present B
RENDA JONES as a new Mem-ber of Congress for Michigan’s 13th Congressional District for the remain-der of this Congress. B
RENDA JONES was elected in a spe-cial election earlier this month. She very much wanted to essentially be faithful to the votes of her constitu-ents, so all of us are here proudly to be with her. Her career in public service started in 2005 when she was elected to the De-troit City Council. My brother was once president of that city council. She has subsequently been reelected three times and rose to become presi-dent of the council in 2014 and again in 2018. BRENDA is a former small-business owner, a past president of the Commu-nication Workers of America Local 4004, and a proud alumnus of Wayne State University. We all welcome you here to Congress, especially fellow colleagues from the Michigan delegation. But if I may add, the former Speaker is here, N
ANCY PELOSI . It is so char-acteristic of her to join all of us. In addition to the Michigan delega-tion, I see others who are here who ei-ther know B
RENDA JONES or will come to know her in a short period while she is here in the U.S. Congress. Mr. Speaker, with those words, I ap-preciate the chance to address the House, and I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. J
ONES ). I proudly leave this place to the Member, now, of the House of Representatives, B
RENDA  J
ONES . Ms. JONES of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, let me start out by saying: To God be the glory. I want to first thank God for giving me this great opportunity. I want to thank my family; Pastor John Pitts; a special thank you to my col-leagues B
RENDA LAWRENCE , Congress-man B
RAD SHERMAN , SHEILA JACKSON  L
EE, Chairman C EDRIC RICHMOND ; all of the Congressional Black Caucus; and all of the Michigan delegation. To the leader and to all of my supporters, vol-unteers, my church family, the 13th Congressional District, and the State of Michigan, I say thank you. This truly is a humble feeling to stand here and be sworn in amongst the men and women who do the work every day for the United States of America. The voices of constituents of the 13th Congressional District have been heard, and I am now seated as their Representative of the United States of America. It is time to get to work. I am ready to roll up my sleeves during this lame-duck session, do what is ex-pected of me, and join my colleagues in getting the job done for the 13th Con-gressional District and for the United States of America. God bless the 13th Congressional Dis-trict. God bless the United States of America. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentlewoman from Michigan, the whole number of the House is 433. 
f 
WELCOMING PASTOR WILLIAM HILD, JR. The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to welcome to the United States Capitol my pastor, Wil-liam Hild, who led us in the opening prayer today. Pastor Hild is not only a tremendous community leader in my hometown of Sarasota, Florida, but he has been a great friend to Sandy and me, and a re-source to me and my family, for nearly 18 years. Since 1997, Pastor Hild has served as the pastor of FirstSarasota, the Down-town Baptist Church. Under his leader-ship, the church has grown. It is very dynamic. It makes a big difference in my community. Also under his leader-ship, we have seen the incredible out-reach that he has done in terms of strengthening and encouraging people on our beautiful Gulf Coast. My wife Sandy and I want to person-ally thank Pastor Hild for what he has done for us in our life and what he con-tinues to do in our community to make it a better community. It is a privilege to have Pastor Hild and his family here today. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATING IRA A. LEESFIELD (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to rise today to recognize Ira Leesfield and congratulate him on receiving the 2018 Lawyers for Children America’s Janet Reno Outstanding Community Partner Award. As a University of Florida Law School graduate, Ira proved himself to be an intelligent and driven individual from the very beginning of his legal ca-reer. Upon graduation, Ira entered the honors program at the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice and served as a trial attorney in the U.S. Army and in the Judge Advocate General’s Corps before opening his own practice in 1976. Since then, Ira has become well known for his work throughout our State and the U.S., where he has con-sistently made it his mission to be a voice for the less fortunate and those in need. In the early 1990s, Ira established the Leesfield Family Foundation, which supports both local and national non-profits, and emphasizes protecting the elderly and underprivileged women and children in our south Florida commu-nity. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Ira on this well- deserved recognition. I thank him for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.003 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9701 November 29, 2018 
his tremendous efforts throughout the years, and I am so honored to call Ira Leesfield my amigo. 
f 
EMANCIPATION NATIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the Nation loves its history. We in Texas love our history. Today, I rise to en-courage and to announce the legisla-tion that reflects history. H.R. 4745, to designate the Emanci-pation National Historic Trail, is a wonderful legislative initiative that re-flects history in the State of Texas and throughout the Nation. We are all reminded of the Emanci-pation Proclamation that was issued in 1863. We know that there were areas of the South that did not get the word that the slaves were free for 2 years. Earlier this week, I celebrated the commemoration of the birthday of the Honorable Mickey Leland, who died some years ago alongside an Ethiopian mountain while attempting to feed those struggling. But he believed in stopping food insecurity. In honor of him, reflecting on the history of our community, I ask my colleagues to sign on to H.R. 4745 be-cause it recounts the announcement by Captain Granger that the slaves were finally free in Texas and throughout the Southwest, and creates a wonderful trail that all of us can enjoy that chronicles the story from Galveston to Houston. Mr. Speaker, this is legislation that says that America can accept all of our history, and I ask you to join H.R. 4745. 
f 
b1215 THANKING THE PEOPLE OF WISCONSIN’S FIRST DISTRICT (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express profound grati-tude to the people of the First District of Wisconsin. Any time I get to swear in a new Member as we just did, it brings me back to the time when I was first sworn in here in 1998. I remember just being awestruck the first time I walked down that center aisle. That feeling just never goes away. I still feel it when I walk onto the floor each and every time. I am immensely grateful to the peo-ple of southern Wisconsin for their trust and their confidence. I have al-ways had this thing about calling the people I represent not my constituents but my employers. It is the way I have always thought of this, and I think it is important that we as Members under-stand that we work for the people and not the other way around, and that we are in this to make a difference for them. We work every day to keep that obli-gation, especially, actually, when it comes to constituent service. It is the lifeblood of the work we do here as Representatives. It is something that goes unreported, but it is extremely important, extremely valuable, and very gratifying. Any success that we have had is real-ly, in my case, due to our humble and our hardworking staff. I have had the chance to work for and to work with the very best people. I really have. Before I was a Member, I was part of a legion of Hill staffers. I was a staffer here before I got elected as a Member. I started as an intern in the mailroom, and I worked my way on up: legislative correspondent, legislative assistant, legislative director, and chief of staff, all of those things. I figured I knew everything about these jobs, all long hours and all sac-rifices, but nothing can truly prepare you for having people willing to help you in such a big undertaking on the front lines. So I am profoundly grateful for the dedicated public servants who have helped us serve the people—my employers—of the First Congressional District. I want to thank the members of our team who have stayed with us to the very end: Rebekah Cullum, Jordan Dunn, Brandon Farnsworth, Megan Wagner, and Laura Wiley. I want to thank Allison Steil, our deputy chief of staff, who has been with us for 10 years. I want to thank Tricia Stoneking, our director of scheduling and office operations, who has been with us for 15 years. I want to especially thank the mem-bers of our team who have been with us from the very beginning, from the start. We call them the lifers: Danyell Tremmel, my chief of staff; Chad Her-bert, director of military and veterans services; and Susie Liston, district di-rector. Chad is a hunter. He is a veteran. Danyell came from my predecessor. She knows every nook and cranny in the Federal Government and how to help constituents navigate their prob-lems. Chad has helped countless vet-erans. He knows the veterans system so well, and he has done so much good for the veterans of southern Wisconsin. Susie Liston, our district director, has one of the most pleasant and happy demeanors. You can get a lot of angry constituents walking into a district of-fice. She handles them better than any-one I have ever known. Teresa Mora, director of outreach, has run my bilingual services. She has helped me with all my bilingual His-panic townhall meetings. She has done a spectacular job of doing constituent outreach throughout my district. Many of you know Joyce Meyer. Joyce was my first legislative director. Andy Speth started off as my district director then my longtime chief of staff. He is my silent partner. Andy and I met in sixth grade basketball camp at St. Paul Lutheran School where he went and where his kids go. We have been friends ever since we went to high school together. When I moved home to run for Congress, he was the guy who helped me. He has been my partner in this venture all along, and I am so grateful for his friendship. I am so grateful for his partnership. I also am just grateful for the people of Janesville, Racine, Kenosha, Oak Creek, Elkhorn, Lake Geneva, Walworth County, Racine County, Ke-nosha County, Rock County, Waukesha County, and everyone in between. Since becoming Speaker of the House—which is not something that we are used to in Wisconsin; I am the only one who has done that—I appreciate the indulgence of the people I work for who indulge the fact that I had other responsibilities in addition. When I took on these additional responsibil-ities, the people of our staff really stepped up and really helped serve our constituents so that they continue to enjoy those flawless constituent serv-ices. I am just so grateful for these people in my life. I am so grateful that they were able to serve the people of south-ern Wisconsin so well, and I am abso-lutely grateful to the people of south-ern Wisconsin for entrusting me as their Representative. f 
LAFAYETTE, WE ARE HERE: THE AMERICAN LAFAYETTE ESCA-DRILLE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as we remember the 100th anniversary of the great World War I, it is vital to honor American pilots who fought for free-dom in Europe before the United States officially entered the war. Under the French Air Service, the Lafayette Escadrille was formed. It was an all-American, all-volunteer squadron. In 1916, 224 Americans formed the unit. They wore French uniforms, and assembled on their biplanes was a cou-rageous Native American chief. Being a pilot in World War I was deadly dangerous. The life expectancy of an Allied pilot was 11 days. Daily combat operations saw casualty rates of 400 percent. Fifty-one Americans were killed in combat, and the Ameri-cans downed 199 enemy planes. They flew in all the major battles over the Western Front’s bloody trenches of no man’s land. In 1918, when the United States en-tered the war, these men of the Lafay-ette Escadrille were incorporated into the United States Air Service. These young flyboys of World War I were some of America’s best. They went over there and flew the skies fighting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.017 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9702 November 29, 2018 
for freedom, proudly proclaiming, ‘‘La-fayette, we are here.’’ And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORIES OF SERGEANT DAVID KINTERKNECHT AND DEPUTY SHERIFF DEREK GEER (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of two pieces of legis-lation. First, H.R. 6216 will designate the United States Postal Service facil-ity in Montrose, Colorado, after Ser-geant David Kinterknecht, who was killed in the line of duty on July 25, 2009. Sergeant Kinterknecht was born and raised in Montrose, Colorado, and grad-uated from Mesa State College and Delta Montrose Technical College. His career in law enforcement began in the 1980s, and throughout his career, he served in the Telluride Marshal’s Of-fice, San Miguel County Sheriff’s Of-fice, and the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office. The second bill, H.R. 6217, will des-ignate the Postal Service facility in Grand Junction, Colorado, in the Third Congressional District after Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer, who was killed in the line of duty in 2016. Deputy Sheriff Geer went to school in Grand Junction and eventually raised his family there. He was a U.S. Navy veteran, and after his Navy service, he went into the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office for 15 years. Both Sergeant Kinterknecht and Deputy Sheriff Geer were respected law enforcement officers dedicated to pub-lic service and family men. Their deaths were mourned by people throughout the Third District and the State of Colorado. Passage of H.R. 6216 and H.R. 6217 will help preserve and honor the memories of these police of-ficers in their communities. 
f 
WELCOMING CLEBURNE FIREFIGHTER KRIS WATSON HOME (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to speak about a courageous Texan who is a part of the Cleburne Fire Department in the dis-trict that I represent, Lieutenant Kris Watson. We all have been closely watching the recent fires in California that have been catastrophic to families and busi-nesses. Thousands of buildings, includ-ing homes, were scorched in the blaze, and at least 85 people lost their lives. I cannot imagine what the California community is going through, and my heart breaks for them. While these fires were treacherous and unpredictable, our very own Cleburne firefighter, Lieutenant Wat-son, was one of 200 Texan firefighters who answered the call for help. He self-lessly went into harm’s way and put his life on the line to save others. This man is a true hero, and I am humbled to speak about him today on the House floor in front of my colleagues and the Nation. Even though the fires have finally calmed down, the effects will be felt for years to come, and it is important to let our friends in California know that we are with them and that we will con-tinue to keep them in our thoughts and our prayers. I am happy to report that Kris made it back to Cleburne safely last week. Everyone in Texas’ 25th District is proud of our fellow Texan, and I thank him for his valor. May God bless the Cleburne Fire De-partment and God bless the people of California. In God we Trust. f 
CONGRATULATING JUDGE RICK DAVIS ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Garland County Judge Rick Davis. Judge Davis is currently serving his fourth and final term in my home county in central Arkansas. Since becoming the county executive 8 years ago, Judge Davis has worked hard to improve county roads, stabilize the water supply, and improve the business environment of Garland Coun-ty. He has excelled in his role, bringing more than 30 years of private industry experience to his job. Before taking the helm of the county judge’s office, Rick was chief executive officer of Daveco Construction and, along with his wife, Denise, raised reg-istered Angus cattle on his farm. In fact, the Davis family was named Gar-land County Farm Family of the Year in 2004. Rick and Denise are important members of our community who have dedicated their lives to service. I congratulate Rick on a successful tenure as county judge and his long-de-served retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARC COMMUNITY RESOURCES (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the special work of Marc Community Resources of Mesa, Ari-zona. Marc is a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing education, reha-bilitation, and other social services to children and adults with physical dis-abilities and developmental health challenges. Since 1957, Marc has been committed to helping those with disabilities live, learn, work, and play. Each year, Marc helps more than 4,000 people overcome the limitations of their disabilities to reach their full potential. The challenges that the disabled face in day-to-day life are often underappre-ciated, and their achievements in over-coming those challenges are frequently overlooked. I am sure the employees of Marc would say that it is their patients who are the real heroes; and while they cou-rageously battle severe challenges, today I rise to commend the heroic ef-forts of Marc Community Resources— its owners, managers, and employees— in the work they do. I am grateful for their service to Mesa and the entire east valley. f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF CHRISTOPHER RISNER (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of Christopher Risner, a friend and constituent of mine from Jackson, Michigan. He died last week at the age of 29, truly heart-breaking and far too soon. I met Chris through a group called Andy’s Angels, which fights the opioid epidemic in our communities. A star basketball player in high school, Chris battled his own addiction as a young adult. He bravely and open-ly shared his personal struggles in re-covery to educate young people and their families about drug addiction. By doing so, he touched many lives and in-spired them to follow the right path. Mr. Speaker, we have lost too many lives of sons and daughters to this dev-astating epidemic. That is why earlier this year we enacted a bipartisan law to combat the opioid crisis in a com-prehensive way. Yet in memory of Chris and so many others, we still have more work to do. May all of us commit to redoubling our efforts in this year ahead, and may God provide His peace and comfort to Chris’ parents, Julie and Dan; his sis-ter, Angela; and the entire Risner fam-ily. 
f 
b1230 HONORING THE LIFE OF SERGEANT JOSHUA RODGERS (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on April 27, 2017, U.S. Army Sergeant Joshua Rodgers gave the ultimate sacrifice for our country during a raid on an ISIS headquarters in eastern Afghanistan. Despite being just 22 years old, Ser-geant Rodgers, a member of the U.S. Army Rangers Special Operations unit, had quickly become a decorated hero, earning numerous awards and medals, including the Bronze Star with Valor and Purple Heart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.024 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9703 November 29, 2018 
Today, the House will consider my legislation renaming a post office in the name of Sergeant Rodgers. With this legislation, we worked closely with the U.S. Postal Service; local State Representative Dan Brady; and Joshua’s mother, Vonda Coulter Rod-gers. This is a way to pay tribute to Sergeant Rodgers by renaming the post office in his hometown of Bloomington- Normal, Illinois. This legislation has the backing and bipartisan support of the entire Illinois delegation. We hope that the renaming of this post office will forever remind the Bloomington-Normal community of their hometown hero and Joshua’s commitment to serving our country. While we can never fully repay Ser-geant Rodgers and his family for the sacrifices he made, renaming the post office in his honor is a small way to thank him for his service and dedica-tion to protecting America, the great-est country in the world. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR THE ELIMINATION OF VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, which was November 25. According to the World Health Orga-nization, one in three women around the world experience violence in their lifetimes, across all class, race, coun-try, and age groups, but less than 10 percent of abused women seek judicial or legal help. That is why I recently cosigned a bi-partisan letter to Secretary of State Pompeo and USAID Administrator Green, urging their continued support for the citizen security program in Guatemala, which addresses crime and violence at the community level while working with Guatemala’s Attorney General and judiciary to bring crimi-nals to justice. The letter also called for the creation of similar programs in countries that have high levels of cor-ruption and violence against girls and women. It is crucial that nations work to-gether to strengthen the rule of law and support institutional structures that protect women and girls from abuse and violence. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ERIN SMITH (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a young woman in my district for creating a remark-able application to help detect Parkin-son’s disease. Erin Smith, a Shawnee Mission West High School graduate, created FacePrint, a facial expression recogni-tion system that uses a web camera or smartphone to detect facial masking, a common Parkinson’s symptom caused by stiff facial muscles. FacePrint will analyze facial movements and compare them to a database of people with and without Parkinson’s. Erin’s app will help lead to early de-tection of Parkinson’s. Early diagnosis means early treatment, and appro-priately targeted therapies can be ini-tiated before further tissue damage is done. This creation earned Erin a spot on the Forbes 30 Under 30 list, making her the youngest person to make this list in a decade. We are extremely proud to have Erin in the Third District of Kansas. She is a testament to our local schools and a shining example of the hardworking and innovative Kansas spirit. I wish the best for Erin as she continues this important work to combat Parkinson’s disease. f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR HARVEY SKOOG (Mr. GOSAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mayor Harvey Skoog of Prescott Valley, Arizona, who will be retiring next month after a long career of public service. Mayor Skoog has served the community of Prescott Valley for almost three decades on the city council, 19 years of which he served as mayor. Along with his many years of public service, Skoog is known for his pride and appreciation for his family. He moved with his family from the Valley of the Sun to Prescott Valley in 1982. He and Edna, his wife of 60 years, have 9 children, 61 grandchildren, and 43 great grandchildren. During his time as mayor, he has re-ceived many honors, including serving on the League of Arizona Cities and Towns executive board and as the chairman of the Greater Arizona May-ors Association. He was also appointed by Governor Jan Brewer to the Home-land Security Senior Advisory Com-mittee for the State of Arizona. Outside of public service, Mayor Skoog has been a successful small-busi-ness owner, developing three account-ing practices in the Prescott Valley area. Mayor Skoog has been a shining ex-ample of a true public servant and an outstanding friend to me and my staff over my years in Congress. I wish him well in his retirement and thank him for his service to the Prescott Valley and the entire State of Arizona. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1530 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. V
ALADAO ) at 3 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 29, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 29, 2018, at 3:06 p.m.: That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 6651. Appointments: Federal Law Enforcement Congressional Badge of Bravery Board. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1160 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1160 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-85 modified by the amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. The Senate amend-ment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without inter-vening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.022 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9704 November 29, 2018 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), the ranking member, pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time yielded is for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. The rule pro-vides for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 88, showing the text of the Retirement Savings and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018 and the Taxpayer First Act of 2018. This past December, Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in the inter-ests of the American people. It was done around December 18, this last year. The legislation was a bold, pro- growth bill that helped overhaul our Tax Code, and I believe it has un-leashed the free enterprise system all across this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, this was done because 8 years of anemic economic growth is what America had been working through. We had been working through high taxes, high rules, high regulations that were taking American jobs away from Americans and moving them else-where. It was limiting the future of not only America, but also Americans: the newest Americans in the job market, whether they be high school graduates, whether they be college graduates, or whether they be those that entered and finished professional school. The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is that for too long, for some 8 years, we had had a circumstance where the Amer-ican Dream for so many fathers and mothers became to get their child out of the house after college, and that be-came an American Dream if a job was possible. No longer, as a result of this tax act, do we find America in that sort of cir-cumstance. Today we find not only are there jobs aplenty, but the market is rising, wages are being increased, and the op-portunity for all Americans is bright again. That is because Republicans and President Trump worked together to pass not only a jobs and tax bill, but we had a bill that would increase the amount of revenue that is flowing into the United States coffers and Treasury right now. Despite what is being told by many in the marketplace, that we are simply running at a huge deficit, more money is coming into the Treasury supporting not only America, but the American Dream, and more people have money in their pockets. So growth and competition have al-ways been keys to an expanding econ-omy, more jobs, increased wages. And in my home city of Dallas, Texas, and across the country, it is seen by people every single day. Now, does that create new respon-sibilities and new issues? Yes, it does. And I will tell you that we must be pre-pared as a Nation to tackle those issues also. But today, this legislation is about the person that goes to work. This bill today is about the entrepreneur, the family, the small business owner, the American people. And also, as we will soon learn as we work through this debate, people who were impacted by disaster, whether it be floods, typhoons, tornados, fires, or other things that have occurred in this great Nation, we are turning the atten-tion to ask for people back home to help and to help more, and we are going to do that through encouraging them as a part of the Tax Code. We are going to do much more. We are going to help the soldier and the soldier’s family. We are going to help the people who are those that see tax cheats and tax fraud, and protect the whistleblower. We are going to take what is 300 pages of a small bill that can easily be read in a short period of time and un-derstood, this is all about, not helping any one person or persons, it is helping millions across the country for an ex-tension of their taxes and tax relief for yet one more year. This is simply a jump-start to make sure that the economy looks forward, not backwards, does not look to one year, but looks to two in the relief that we are going to have. Mr. Speaker, the question is, how is it going in America today? Well, the answer is we have the low-est number of people who are searching for jobs and entering the jobless mar-ket to about the same number since 1996. The annual skyrocketing amount that we have of business investment, of people who are taking jobs, people who are reinvesting in America is at a high level. This package today will build upon that, it will build upon the successes that we are presently having and will make sure that we are doing the right thing. We know that America is still hurt-ing. We know that not all of America has recovered. As a matter of fact, we know that about 40 percent of Ameri-cans would not be able to cover an emergency expense of $400 or more without having to take out a loan. We know that half of American working age adults say they do not still have enough savings to be prepared for their retirement. That is why Republicans are here, once again at the end of the year, to say we need to look at the aggregate, the whole country, and to make sure that we are looking at the effects of a year. We are trying to make sure that we continue making sure that the American family has a chance with an opportunity, not just to save, but to be able to use the Tax Code to their ad-vantage. Mr. Speaker, what this is about is continuing economic success, economic development, the ability that we have to continue giving the American work-er, the American who is out of perhaps work, the newest student, or someone who was deeply impacted by a natural disaster, or a person who serves in the United States military, or for a person who sees a tax fraud or tax cheat to have a fair and equal footing to con-tinue to call out those that take ad-vantage of our system rather than using it properly. That is what this small bill is about. It is about trying to end the year to give the American people the advan-tage that they need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me first of all say to the gentleman from Texas, the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee, that I like him a lot, he is a great friend, and I respect him a lot, but I don’t like this bill and I don’t respect this process. Mr. Speaker, we are here today with the majority’s last ditch effort to ram through another partisan tax bill be-fore the end of this Congress. And like so many of the Republican tax bills that came before it, this legis-lation hasn’t been considered by the relevant committee. There was no hearing. There was no markup. Regular order was thrown to the wind. And Re-publicans didn’t even consult with us, us Democrats, on this legislation. This 300-page bill was drafted in the dark of night behind closed doors in some back room somewhere. Appar-ently the majority has completely abandoned any semblance of respon-sible governing. My friends on the other side of the aisle are rushing to discuss how this is a commonsense plan and the result of some kind of negotiation. Mr. Speaker, are they discussing the same bill? Because this one was intro-duced late Monday night. Democrats learned about it after it was released to the press. To claim otherwise is revi-sionist history. This legislation goes beyond a tradi-tional tax extenders deal. It is a vehi-cle for the majority to rush in fixes to their disastrous tax scam, which added $2.3 trillion to the debt to give the wealthy more tax cuts, fixes that are necessary because they rushed the bill through the House and the Senate in just 51 days. That is not a deliberative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.027 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9705 November 29, 2018 
process, Mr. Speaker. That is a disas-trous process. This majority just had its worst elec-tion since Watergate. Democrats earned 9 million more votes, and count-ing. But apparently Republicans still haven’t gotten the message, because they are continuing to fight for cor-porations instead of truly working with us to advance changes to our Tax Code that actually improve the lives of hardworking Americans. Let me say it as clearly as I can: this is no real fix for the tax scam mon-strosity. So why are we wasting legis-lative time? We have real work to do, by the way. There are seven appropriation bills that still need to be signed into law over the next 5 legislative days, other-wise, our Nation faces yet another Re-publican shutdown. I read an interview with President Trump yesterday. He said he would ‘‘totally be willing’’ to shut down the government if taxpayers aren’t forced to pay for his offensive border wall with Mexico. This is the same wall the President promised Mex-ico would pay for. Apparently the majority is willing to have the American taxpayer get stuck with the bill, because instead of ful-filling our most basic responsibility of keeping the lights on, we are here today with another Band-Aid for their tax scam. They are also ignoring the need to re-authorize the farm bill, which expired on October 1. Oh, and the Violence Against Women Act will expire on December 7. It de-serves a full reauthorization after a comprehensive floor debate so it could be updated to reflect the changing times. We still have no long-term plan to re-authorize the National Flood Insurance Program. This majority continues to kick the can down the road little by little, leaving millions of Americans that rely on this important program in limbo. But the only thing the majority ap-parently wants to debate over and over and over again are partisan tax bills. And by the way, for all their talk about the importance of providing dis-aster relief, the Republicans are refus-ing to support nationwide relief. They are picking and choosing which dis-aster victims deserve aid. Mr. Speaker, where is the coverage for the devastating flooding in Wis-consin or Montana or Kansas or many other States that aren’t included here? Apparently to this majority, getting disaster relief depends on your ZIP Code. So I hope everyone watching here today isn’t fooled when the majority presents its bill as just some mundane tax extenders bill, because this is real-ly another partisan attempt to fix their tax scam before a Democratic majority takes over in January. b1545 The American people made abun-dantly clear that they want Congress to listen to them. Yet today we are once again considering a tax bill to try and fix the Republicans’ unfixable tax scam. This is the same agenda the American people rejected from coast to coast. The majority may be content con-tinuing to turn a deaf ear to the public, but we will not. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Yesterday, we had an opportunity in the Rules Committee to hear many of the same words, words certainly of very kind and sincere remarks. I appre-ciate the distinguished gentleman. He and I personally get along very well and have enjoyed my time during the some, I guess, 18 years or so that we have worked together in the Rules Committee. But, Mr. Speaker, I also would say to you that there is kind of a different story to be told, and the different story is the actual bill. That is what we are going to focus on today. I had a chance to read the bill—I ac-tually read it—and there was a con-versation yesterday about that. I actu-ally read it for comprehension to un-derstand what is in it rather than to read it with the viewpoint of opposing it—actually, read it to learn more about it, to learn the business behind a lot of work that had been taking place by the Ways and Means Committee, a lot of work that had been public debate and public discussion for a long time. For instance, if we were to talk about those seniors who are required to begin taking part of their IRA at 70
1⁄2 and start spending down that money that they have saved hard for over the years, government coming and telling them how they are going to become less able to support themselves by di-minishing, taxing, using their IRA when they may not want to, that is a policy discussion. That is not related to millionaires and our GOP friends. That is related to some common sense and some policy. Perhaps, page 73, as an example, Mr. Speaker, disaster-related tax relief, providing for people who were in hurri-canes, tornadoes, typhoons, and wildfires, it says here the Camp and Woolsey wildfire disaster area. These were declared disasters that had be-come national priorities, not only peo-ple from my home State of Texas, my home city of Dallas going to help our neighbors to the west, but actually get-ting this in legislation quickly to make sure that people who live there are able to give more charitable deduc-tions and get credit not just for that, but doing the right thing. Mr. Speaker, it goes on and on, treat-ment of payments to Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands. It is undeniable, as you read the bill, that you do this with an idea of under-standing, comprehension. This isn’t about special interests. This is about everybody who lived in these areas. The deferral of people who are in the military, for reservists of the armed services. For the American people, Mr. Speaker, and you, page 131 of the bill, this is what we are attempting to get across, that this is for the American people. Mr. Speaker, page 203, the IRS Free File Program, this is something that came from lots of work with one of my colleagues, LYNNJENKINS . Ms. J ENKINS  from Kansas, as a member of the Ways and Means Committee, worked care-fully for a long period of time with a large group of people who were in-volved in this program. We were able to upgrade not just tax law, but also to look at retaliation when people see tax cheats, tax frauds. They were given on page 238, Mr. Speaker, antiretaliation whistleblower protection for employees who see this. Mr. Speaker, I could keep going and might in a few minutes. That is what this bill is about. This bill is not as you have heard, but, as advertised, it is a year-end ex-tension to make sure that the things during the year that needed to be ad-dressed are getting addressed. I read for comprehension to find a good deal, and, Mr. Speaker, I found one. The Ways and Means Committee, our young chairman, K
EVIN BRADY , his membership, these hardworking peo-ple, this is done for the American peo-ple. This is not done, as we have heard, for special interests, rich people, or millionaires. It is done for the right reason. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just make a cou-ple of points before I yield time to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND). First of all, Mr. Speaker, the distin-guished chairman of the Rules Com-mittee mentioned the great people on the Ways and Means Committee. I just want to say that there are great people on the Ways and Means Committee, both Democrats and Republicans. Un-fortunately, they didn’t get to do their job. When I think of committees doing their work, I think of them holding a hearing. I think of them doing a mark-up, or amendments are offered and things are adjusted and changed where everybody has an input. This bypassed the committee. We can say all the nice things we want about the members of the Ways and Means Committee, but they had nothing to do with this. Leadership kind of drafted this in the back room and put it forward. The gentleman talks about disasters. We need to help the areas of this coun-try that have been subjects of natural disasters. The problem is—and I have a list that I am happy to share with the gentleman—there are, like, 38 areas of this country that have experienced dis-asters that get nothing in this bill—not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.028 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9706 November 29, 2018 
a thing. Maybe if you had a hearing, you might have figured that out. Finally, there are a couple of good things in this bill we all can agree on, but let’s not kid ourselves. This bill really is a way to fix the disastrous tax scam monstrosity which was about giveaways to corporations and wealthy individuals that they rushed through so quickly that it is filled with errors. That is what this is about. I stand by what I said when I said that this is not a good bill and this is a lousy process. We need to do better. I hope in the future, when we talk about tax legislation, we come to the floor where the committee of jurisdic-tion takes the time to deliberate on it, to do hearings, to do markups, and to hear from both sides. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), a distinguished member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I am a member of that committee of jurisdiction. I also re-member growing up as a kid in Wis-consin, and many of us looked forward to this radio program that Paul Harvey would deliver giving the news of the day. There was also a special segment of that program called ‘‘The Rest of the Story,’’ where he would fill in the blanks of what actually is taking place here. That is what I am here today to explain, the rest of the story of what is happening with this legislation and why I rise in opposition to the rule and opposition to the underlying bill. A little over a year ago, this Cham-ber passed comprehensive tax reform for the first time in over 30 years. I thought the process then was deplor-able with no hearing, with no vetting, with no stakeholders, with no feedback from people back home, or with no op-portunity for there to be any construc-tive review of what was attempting to be passed. In a little over 50 days, a major overhaul of the Tax Code. And yet, today, we have a process with this tax bill before us that is even worse. Not only was there no hearing held on it or vetting or feedback from any experts or feedback from people back home about the impact this is going to have, we didn’t even have a markup in committee for us Members to be involved and try to find where mistakes were being made, and now with the rush to judgment with this bill that was finally offered late Mon-day night. I have been poring over this docu-ment over the last 2 years. I will guar-antee the American people that the av-erage Member of Congress had no way of reviewing this or even understanding what was in this bill, especially given all of the legalese that is involved with it. They will be forced to come to the floor tomorrow morning expecting to vote on a major piece of legislation with no clue of what it does or what the mistakes and the unintended con-sequences are. That alone is reason to reject this process and say ‘‘no’’ on the bill. But the other reason why this proc-ess is so bad is because of what we dis-covered the last time they jammed a major tax bill through: the mistakes that were made in it. They are attempting to try to clean this up again without any hearing or without any scrutiny of what policy needs to be corrected, and that, too, is wrong. Let me just give you one example, as my friend from Massachusetts pointed out. There is also tax relief for nation-ally declared Federal disaster areas in this country. Unfortunately, 44 disaster areas were declared in the last year. Only nine of them are qualifying for tax relief assistance under this bill, and they are on the coast: the East Coast, the West Coast, down South. It is the wildfires. It is the hurricanes. There were other regions of the coun-try, including my home State of Wis-consin that was hit with devastating flooding this summer. For whatever reason, the chairman of the committee decided to exclude those areas. The pain that those communities are fac-ing—the homeowners and the small businesses—are just as real in the upper Midwest due to the devastating flooding as what has been taking place on the coast, yet there is no logical ex-planation why there has been this wholesale exclusion of other areas around the country that don’t qualify for these tax provisions. That is some-thing I would have anticipated we could have brought up in committee and tried to correct through the nor-mal regular process but was deferred. Finally, let me add this thought. The last tax bill that they passed is going to increase our national debt over the next 10 years by $2.3 trillion. This bill is another $53 billion downpayment on the fiscal irresponsibility that has been coming out of this Congress for too long. This last session of Congress under Republican majority leadership is going to go down in history as one of the most fiscally irresponsible Con-gresses that has dug such a deep fiscal hole for the future of our children and grandchildren. It is going to be incum-bent upon us as the new majority in January to start cleaning up the mess. Let me tell you how things will be done differently: We will immediately start having hearings on that massive tax bill in order to correct the problems and the mistakes and the unintended con-sequences by calling people with knowledge before us to get feedback. We will go through the regular proc-ess of having hearings, of having mark-ups, of doing proper vetting, and giving Members who aren’t even on the com-mittee an opportunity to weigh in on significant pieces of legislation rather than it coming out of one person’s of-fice—the chairman, in this case—in the dead of night on Monday night and rushing this to the House floor later on expecting the rest of the body to make an informed and reasoned judgment on it. This whole process is embarrassing. We can do better in January. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and oppose this legis-lation tomorrow morning. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the feedback from the gentleman from Wisconsin, a very dear and very good friend of mine, and I ap-preciate the differences between our parties. The differences between the philoso-phies of the parties and the differences of the direction are apparent. But what is also apparent, Mr. Speaker, is that what these dadgum Republicans did is working: more money is coming into the Treasury; millions more people have a job. The opportunity that happened—a re-sult of the Tax Code changes—have brought, at minimum, $50 billion back into America in less than about 9 months, money flowing back in, which is the reverse of what was described in the nineties with that sucking sound of jobs leaving America. It is now the rush of the beautiful breeze of jobs coming back in, manufacturers not just in Wisconsin, but all through the Midwest, down even as far as Dallas, Texas. Mr. Speaker, there was one point where I held a meeting and a press con-ference at a manufacturer, and that manufacturer said that this is the most robust period of time he had had in the history of the company and actually challenged the TV stations to say he was looking for 12 more workers. He found two the next day, people who called who were looking for jobs. b1600 Mr. Speaker, we are talking about things that work, not axioms of these feel-good things: Oh, we can do better. Well, for 8 years, they didn’t do bet-ter. For 8 years, the philosophy was tax, spend, regulate, overregulate, move jobs overseas, blame somebody else for their problem. That is not a winning hand. A win-ning hand is more people having jobs. Today, the highest numbers of people ever are working in America. The facts of the case are: more African Ameri-cans today work than ever, more His-panics, more women, more oppor-tunity, better chances for you to get a higher paying job, better opportunities. Mr. Speaker, I wouldn’t have to say too much, but these same policies that they talk about here today are the same policies that you would get out of the State of California that has 125,000 homeless people, 55,000 homeless people in Los Angeles. How can that be? Well, it is easy to understand. The same policies that they want for us in Washington are the same policies they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.029 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9707 November 29, 2018 
have in Los Angeles and in California. That is called overregulate, overtax, and run them the heck out of town. That is why there are so many unem-ployed people. That is why there are 55,000 homeless people in Los Angeles. Friends of mine who visit the beau-tiful, coveted city of San Francisco come back and tell the story of heart-breaking demise of people living on the streets of San Francisco, a drug-ridden, crime-ridden, despicable opportunity for people to see a great city in despair, in ruin. That is what you get when you raise taxes, when you don’t give oppor-tunity, and when America fails to be able to look forward for the best oppor-tunity. Mr. Speaker, I get what they want. They don’t want this bill that gives op-portunity. They don’t want the oppor-tunity for people to have a fighting chance, and then they will blame it on somebody else. Mr. Speaker, we are going to stand behind this bill, and we are going to pass it. I think there will be some Democrats who will vote for it. We are going to be proud to have them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas, the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee, is right. There are differences between Democrats and Republicans on how we should ap-proach some of these issues, including tax issues. We believe that the focus ought to be on the middle class and those struggling to get in the middle class. My friends on the other side are more interested in helping those who are well-off and well connected. We are horrified by the fact that my Repub-lican friends seem to have no regard for adding to the debt the way they have. We think that there has to be some re-sponsibility. But we can have those fights. I think whether you are a Democrat or a Re-publican, whether you are a liberal or a conservative, the one thing that we should all agree on is that the process should have some integrity. When you bring bills to the floor like major tax bills, it ought to have been the result of the committee process. There should have been hearings where you have people who are pro and con come forward and testify and give their advice, or you have a markup where Democrats and Republicans can offer amendments to try to make the bill better. I still don’t understand why so many areas of the country that have been victims of disasters are not even men-tioned in this so-called wonderful bill that the gentleman from Texas talks about. Process has to matter. The commit-tees of jurisdiction—in this case, it is the Ways and Means Committee—mat-ter. But this is not unique. We have seen bills come to the Rules Com-mittee time and time again that have bypassed committees of jurisdiction, have had no hearings, have had no markups, no nothing. If I were a Republican on the Ways and Means Committee, I would be upset that a major piece of legislation would come to the Rules Committee without having gone through the com-mittee that I am on. That is not the way this place is supposed to work. We need to do better. I would say that if this were sub-jected to a normal process where com-mittees could work their will, maybe we would be here having a different dis-cussion. Maybe there would be more bi-partisanship here, not just on a couple of items that are tucked into this bill, but on the whole package. I don’t know. But I would like to see us go back to having committees matter again. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YAR-
MUTH ), the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Budget Committee. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, for years now, certainly over the last few months, we have been hearing concerns from our Republican colleagues about the exploding na-tional debt. Yet, here they are today asking us to vote for another unpaid- for, multibillion-dollar, partisan tax cut. With the clock ticking on this lame-duck Congress and the Repub-licans’ unchecked control here in Con-gress, they are rushing through an-other round of costly, reckless cuts. Now, as my colleague from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), the soon-to- be chairman of the Rules Committee, said, Democrats were locked out of the process for this 300-page bill. There were no hearings, no debate, no mark-up. It went straight to the floor with the hope that the American people aren’t looking. The thing is that the American peo-ple have made it very clear, both in polling and at the polls, that they did not support the Republicans’ trillion- dollar tax cuts for wealthy corpora-tions last time, and they certainly won’t support even more tax cuts this time. The distinguished chairman of the committee, a very thoughtful and sin-cere individual, talked about all of the successes of the prior tax cut. But re-member what they promised when they rammed this thing through in 2017: that the corporate tax cut from 35 to 21 percent was going to unleash incredible investment in the country, creating thousands of jobs and new facilities and new investments in plants and equipment. What has happened? This year alone, there was $800 billion in stock buybacks—let me repeat, $800 billion in stock buybacks—increased dividends that mostly go to wealthy investors, about a third of which actually go to foreign investors. Where are all of these new invest-ments? They weren’t realized, and they weren’t realized because the corpora-tions said at the time that they don’t need these crazy tax cuts. Republicans insisted on it. Part of the reason they insisted on it was because it is part of their three-step plan, which we talked about in 2017 during the debate on the tax cuts. We had charts. Here is what they are going to do: cut taxes; then complain about the additional debt; and then ask for cuts in Medicare, Med-icaid, and Social Security in order to pay for those new debts. That is exactly what we have seen this year. The majority leader of the Senate from my State complained the other day: Oh, these deficits are get-ting really high. The debt is getting really high. We need to look at these mandatory spending programs. That is the playbook we have seen time after time after time. Let’s stop pretending that my colleagues across the aisle are there for the American people. They aren’t the party of fiscal responsibility or economic growth. They are the party of one thing and one thing only, and that is tax cuts for their wealthy corporate donors. This is a reflection of that truth. The American people don’t want these tax cuts, and our country can’t afford them. I, therefore, urge my col-leagues to oppose this rule and the un-derlying bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the distin-guished gentleman who will, presump-tively, be the new chairman of the Budget Committee. I think what is interesting is, he said that Republicans promised more in-vestment. Yes, that happened. Repub-licans promised more jobs. He said thousands. It is millions, Mr. Speaker, not thousands. We promised millions more jobs. He then said we promised thousands. Mr. Speaker, then he went to a very interesting perspective, and that was: all companies really use this money just to buy back their own stock. Mr. Speaker, investment in a company is great, and while that might not be nec-essarily one of the greatest ways to do it, it buoyed the stock market up 40 percent. It buoyed the stock market up to where every senior, every person that would have a stock market account, a savings account, a saving for their fu-ture, saving for their children, it buoyed that opportunity with value. That is what we promised, and it worked, and they don’t like that. They don’t like the success of the stock mar-ket. They don’t like the success, and so they act like it didn’t even happen. Mr. Speaker, the difference between thousands and millions is literally a thousand times difference. I spoke about this earlier when we were talk-ing about this bill right here. Oh, it is full of giveaways, they say, to millionaires and GOP fat cats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.032 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9708 November 29, 2018 
It is extenders. It is continuing the success. It is doing the right thing. It is about people who had fire ravaging their homes and their areas, not just the Republican houses. It was about helping members of the military. It was about good policy from the Ways and Means Committee that was equally known as bipartisan with the work that was done there to make sure that we acknowledged tax cheats and let the employees who saw that get a better footing. There were lots of hearings, lots of information. But if you simply read to have a jaundiced view of the world and to oppose it, as opposed to reading for substance, I see how you could get it wrong, Mr. Speaker. I see clearly how you could get it wrong if you don’t read for comprehension. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the Rules Committee keeps on talking about success and how the Republicans delivered and how great everything is. If that were the case, I think the elec-tion results in November would have been much different. The bottom line is that—this is ac-cording to exit polls that were con-ducted by major news outlets—28 per-cent of the people surveyed said that the Republican tax bill has helped them—only 28 percent. That is it. Sixty-eight percent say it has had ab-solutely no impact or has hurt them. That is what the American people think. So my friends can pontificate all they want and talk about how wonder-ful everything is, and it may be good therapy. But at the end of the day, the American people have a very different opinion of the performance. When the gentleman talks about in-vesting in our country, where is the in-frastructure bill? Where is the infra-structure bill that the President prom-ised, that the Republicans said they were going to work on to rebuild our country, to put millions of people to work in good-paying jobs? It is no-where to be found. So the bottom line is, the American people issued their verdict on the Re-publican performance, and, quite frankly, it wasn’t a positive one. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), a distinguished member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in allowing me to speak on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I hear my friend from Texas talking about the booming stock market and the increase in employ-ment. Actually, the statistics will bear out that the increase in employment has been a steady line through the Obama administration. It hasn’t spiked. It is just kind of continuing the slow recovery. About that stock market, now maybe my friend was distracted for the last few weeks, but the gains for the entire year disappeared in a couple of weeks. The uncertainty troubles people who care about the future of this country. As the 115th Congress staggers to its conclusion, this rule enshrines the fail-ure of the Republicans to deal mean-ingfully with America’s scandalous Tax Code, although promising to reform the Tax Code. b1615 I was one of the people on the Ways and Means Committee who worked the 8 years they were in charge to try and find areas of bipartisan cooperation, but they have repeatedly failed at re-form. Instead, every year, they made the Tax Code more complicated and less fair. That came to a glorious con-clusion with their tax scam which made a hash out of the Tax Code. It means that millions of people actually will pay more. Irony of irony, Ameri-cans trying to deal with a more com-plicated Tax Code won’t even be able to deduct the accounting expenses to deal with this monstrosity. The centerpiece of the 8 years in charge was the tax scam costing tax-payers $2.3 trillion of additional debt. Now, you would think if we were going to borrow $2.3 trillion and lavish tax breaks, admittedly on people who need them the least, that you would think that would at least be popular. My friend from Massachusetts cited some of the perceptions of the American pub-lic. But what I think is most telling is that their tax cut that costs the Amer-ican taxpayer $2.3 trillion in additional debt was less popular than Bill Clin-ton’s tax increase. What was supposed to be the center-piece of a ride to victory in November ended up being the largest net increase for Democrats since Watergate, and at the end they weren’t touting it. They weren’t campaigning on it. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BARTON ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Oregon an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. BLUMENAUER. In fact, if that was such a great idea, don’t you think they would have had a hearing on this bill? Don’t you think they would get their Members involved? Where are the dozens of Republicans coming to the floor to celebrate the rule for this flawed piece of legislation? It is complex, and it is unfair. It is raising taxes on millions, destabilizing our economic future, and making it harder for us to compete in the future. Mr. Speaker, reject the rule, and re-ject the bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Once again, I will reiterate that this bill is about doing great things for events that have happened in this country. I really can’t imagine that Members would want to simply take the things that the leadership class of people from Mrs. Pelosi want to vote against—disaster tax relief for people all across California, all across the Mariana Islands, and all across the country—except just to say that I do know that people in their party oppose the tax bill. I get that. But there is more money coming in today than there was yesterday. There are millions of more people who have a job today than yesterday. I do know the numbers that were expressed are numbers that they want to tout, but that is not the way it worked. That was what the CBO said. But the reality of the circumstance is some 4 million people today have a job who did not have one and had been looking. Mr. Speaker, just a few years ago, the major newspapers and major maga-zines across America said: We are going to just have to get used to this is the way the world is now—high unem-ployment, higher taxation. 
Newsweek magazine had on its cover: ‘‘Is America Really Turning Social-ist?’’ The answer came back that the American people disagree with unem-ployment. The American people dis-agree with high taxes. The American people see what is happening in Cali-fornia, 55,000 homeless people in Los Angeles. That is not an accident. That is policy in action; 125,000 homeless people in California, that is not an ac-cident, that is policy directly from the Democratic Party that ran jobs out of the State so that the average family there didn’t have a job. That is what they are pushing right here. We are not going to do that. We are going to stand up and say: We read the bill. We read the bill. That is what it is here for. That is why we can stand up and tout this. By the way, Mr. Speaker, when you are from Texas, if there is one riot, all it takes is one Ranger. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire from the gentleman from Texas how many more speakers he has? Mr. SESSIONS. Just one Ranger, Mr. Speaker. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, people are beginning to read the bill. Members should have just received a letter from 27 national groups, including labor unions, good government groups, and anti-poverty groups, who just sent us a letter strongly urging us to oppose this par-tisan tax bill. These groups represent millions and millions of people in this country. They don’t represent the big corporations or the people who are well-connected and well-off. They rep-resent working-class people and mid-dle-class people, those who are strug-gling in poverty. But they are asking us to oppose this, and I urge my col-leagues to take note of their appeal. Mr. Speaker, this very week, General Motors announced that they are laying off nearly 50 percent of their workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.033 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9709 November 29, 2018 
in North America and shuttering five plants. That is thousands of workers— thousands of families—who are going to spend their holiday season applying for unemployment and worrying about what is next. They don’t have the lux-ury of waiting until the Democratic majority takes over in January. They are hurting right now. Many of them believed President Trump when he vis-ited Ohio last year. He told them: 
Don’t move. Don’t sell your house. The jobs are all coming back. They are all com-ing back. 
So what are House Republicans doing to help? Are they making good on their promise to help support working fami-lies? The answer is absolutely not. They are spending their last month in power doubling down on their tax scam to help the corporate elite. I have to ask my friends on the other side of the aisle: Are you kidding me? All the while, the President’s disas-trous trade war has been making things even worse. According to Gen-eral Motors, his tariffs have cost the company an extra $1 billion—that is billion with a B. Tell me, is this what winning is sup-posed to look like? Because it feels an awful lot like losing. This bill is what happens when Re-publicans rush bills through so fast that there is no time to understand its impact. Let me tell you: things have to change around here. They really do. I say this over and over and over again, but I believe it. This should not be a partisan matter for debate, and that is that committees of jurisdiction in this House ought to do their job. They ought to do their work. On major issues like this, there ought to be hear-ings. There ought to be markups. Peo-ple ought to be able to express them-selves. People fight to get on the Ways and Means Committee because they want to have their fingerprints on tax legis-lation. They don’t fight to get on com-mittees like Ways and Means so that somebody in the leadership just by-passes the committee totally, we go right to the Rules Committee with a closed rule. So much of what has happened in this last session has happened with total disregard to regular order. I think, quite frankly, it has negatively impacted the products that have come out of this Congress. But I also think it has been insulting to, not just Demo-cratic Members, but to Republican Members as well. So we really need to step back and to figure out how we can run this place better, and I hope that a Democratic majority will do that. We are days away from a possible government shutdown. We have seven appropriation bills left to sign into law, and we are helping corporations instead. What an embarrassment and what a shame. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I do want to take a moment, despite my strong res-ervations with how we are proceeding here today, to recognize the chairman of the Rules Committee, Congressman SESSIONS , for his service. He and I, ob-viously, don’t agree on every policy or every piece of legislation, but despite our disagreements, he has always had my respect, and I have always appre-ciated his professionalism and the courtesy that he has shown those of us on both sides of the aisle who have tes-tified before the committee over the years. The Rules Committee has a reputa-tion for long hearings, and that is be-cause the chairman insists that every-body has an opportunity to say what is on their mind, and sometimes people can’t say it in 5 minutes. Sometimes they say it in 5 hours. Nonetheless, he has presided over a committee that has always been receptive to people’s views. It is important as we discuss policy here that we don’t lose sight of the people we serve with, and I know he will lead a professional transition as we prepare for the next Congress. But I wanted to say, for the R
ECORD , that de-spite our sharp disagreements on issues like today, and even on process, that I have high regard for him, and I thank him for his service. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remain-ing on my side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 5
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I, of course, want to acknowledge and thank the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts. His time in the committee has been forthright, honest, and straightforward. The opportunity that he has to serve in the minority will be reflected with an opportunity for him to serve in the majority. I think the Rules Committee is also headed for a bright future with an op-portunity to fully vet ideas, the oppor-tunity to talk, and to hear dialogue. I must say I have been through a number of chairmen, several at least, and I at-tempted to craft my own way for the committee. I appreciate and respect the gen-tleman. I think it is also important to state that it extended to his young wife and his daughter who visited the com-mittee several times. His wife, who, in a most genuine, professional and straightforward spousal context, to my wife, Karen, enjoyed a relationship and they found common interests, not only in working with cancer, but J
IM’Swife sent me a gracious letter acknowl-edging the work that I personally have done in cancer and in the areas of the FDA and dealing with cancer research and trials. That professionalism ex-tended not just from J
IMbut to his young bride who was most genuine in her remarks. Mr. Speaker, the opportunity for us to close today is a chance to reflect upon not just the ideas that we rep-resent, but really our commitment to the American people. The American people do deserve a right to see a bet-ter process, and that I acknowledge. They have a right to know that the forthrightness of a committee, whether they are up at 2 in the morning or 8 in the morning because we had not com-pleted necessarily our work the night before, the Rules Committee did its service. It did its service to this body on a bipartisan basis. It did it from professional content of a professional staff, not only from the minority that was led at the very top with Don Sisson, who did an awesome job, but also Steve Cote, the staff director. It was a relationship that has been suc-cessful for this body. Mr. Speaker, I do want to say this, that just as the distinguished gen-tleman from Massachusetts, the soon- to-be chairman—I assume chairman of the Rules Committee—as he has asked his side to look at and how they would vote, I would also ask you, Mr. Speak-er, and the team, which today is in the majority, to make sure they read this bill with content orientation to the needs of the American people, to look at the real successes as we walk out-side today to see that the booming economy that is taking place in Amer-ica where people who did not have jobs do; for those who have been on our TV sets and in our prayers where some natural disaster has claimed them, whether it be through a mistake or through necessarily Mother Nature, that we as America are better when we work to solve problems together. b1630 We are better in America when we believe there is no problem bigger than a solution, where we in America want to put our best foot forward and can work together. Mr. Speaker, we are all better, all of us, than any one of us. My party is bet-ter with the Democratic Party than without the Democratic Party. My ideas are better to be vetted and even challenged. That way, the American people have a chance to see not only the possibility and probability, but also to vet the ideas that have made this Nation a great nation for so many years. While it is true my service to this body will be coming to a close after 22 years, I would say to you, Mr. Speaker, that your service, too, to this great Na-tion has made our country better. For those who are on the floor today, I would thank the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas. I would thank the distinguished gentleman from Massa-chusetts. I would thank the distin-guished gentleman from Florida, one of my fraternity brothers, who has brought forth ideas on this for other colleagues of Texas, like Mr. GREEN , who might be in attendance today. I would say that we have tried to make this work as evidence that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.034 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9710 November 29, 2018 
American people can see, and I think they can see it today. Mr. Speaker, I end my statement with a focus on this innovation and entrepreneurship. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM FURTHER EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7187) to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until Decem-ber 7, 2018. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7187 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Further Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM EXTENSION. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 7, 2018’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Novem-ber 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 7, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee. He is also the author of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, which was passed by this body over a year ago, and we still await the Senate to take up this version. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his great work as the chairman of the Fi-nancial Services Committee and on flood insurance reform. There are a lot of things we could talk about today in regard to flood in-surance: We could talk about the fact that re-petitive loss properties make up 2 per-cent of all the policies but account for 25 percent of all of the claims. We could talk about the fact that the NFIP is $30 billion in debt, and that is after last year when we forgave $16 bil-lion in debt. Again, we forgave $16 bil-lion. We are still $25 billion in debt and actually racked up $10 billion of new debt in this program over the last year. I have got to tell you I am frustrated. We passed a bipartisan bill in this Chamber. We actively and aggressively negotiated it. This is a big issue for families back home, for constituents of our Members. We have listened to them. We heard them. We modified, we tweaked a bill, and we passed it—and the Senate won’t take it up. Mr. H
ENSARLING and I have worked across the aisle with Members not just in the Democratic Party, but also in the Senate. I have come to the opinion that there are very powerful players in this Chamber and in the Chamber next door that don’t want anything done with flood insurance. It is a sick and broken program that goes deeper and deeper in debt, that incentivizes people to build in dan-gerous places. And they say: No, no, no. We don’t want any reform. Let’s march on with a program that doesn’t work. I listened to all the conservatives in this Chamber. They throw out: Who is more conservative? Who is less? You have some really great conserv-atives who absolutely refuse to deal with a program that is burning billions of dollars in our Federal budget. My question is: Why don’t we start looking out not just for the Federal budget, but also have a program that will work for our people? We were willing to make one offer of reform for a long-term extension. We said: Let’s let the private market work. Let’s let the private sector come in and take up some of the policies that are paying more than what the market would bear, let people get a lower rate and reduce the risk to the Federal taxpayer. And guess what. No one said yes. We couldn’t get a ‘‘yes’’ from the opposi-tion to flood insurance reform. I guess I thought conservatives want-ed a free market. They like markets to work. In flood insurance, the NFIP, the Federal program, is the only program in town. We are saying: Let it open. Let the private sector come in. That is the one thing it would have taken for a long-term extension, and the answer to that from the conserv-atives and some of the liberals was no. I think that is a sad shame. I think we owe better to our constituents, and we owe better to the Federal debt and deficit on a program that doesn’t work. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chair-man’s leadership. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some of my time to tell Mr. DUFFY : Just calm down. This is easy. We are all together on this. I want to make sure he doesn’t damage himself in all of the display that he is doing today. It is disappointing that we find our-selves on the House floor yet again to temporarily extend the National Flood Insurance Program’s authorization. The NFIP provides flood insurance coverage to more than 5 million fami-lies across the country. Communities rely on NFIP for flood maps and miti-gation assistance, and small businesses rely on the NFIP to pick up the pieces when the inevitable storm hits. Yet the long-term stability of this critical pro-gram continues to fall victim to our in-ability to agree on a number of items. Mr. Speaker, Americans across the country are experiencing natural disas-ters of an absolutely catastrophic mag-nitude. Just this month, the Camp fire devastated California, amounting to the deadliest and most destructive wildfire in California history. Current estimates are that 88 individuals have lost their lives and tens of thousands of structures, including over 13,000 single- family homes, have been destroyed. 2017 was an absolutely catastrophic year in terms of hurricanes. In 2017, for the first time on record, three Cat-egory 4 hurricanes made landfall in the United States. Hurricane Maria deci-mated Puerto Rico. Meanwhile, the administration’s Na-tional Climate Assessment, which is a report prepared by 13 Federal agencies and more than 3,000 scientists, recently documented the numerous impacts of our warming climate. According to the report, climate change is costing bil-lions of dollars in property damage from sea level rise. High tide flooding has increased by factors as high as 10 in some communities, and fire season is now over 80 days longer than a cou-ple of decades ago. Faced with these realities, we stand here today still lacking a credible plan to end the partisan problems that we have that has brought the NFIP to the brink of a lapse several times already in this Congress. I, too, and others, are disappointed that we have missed opportunities to responsibly help homeowners, busi-nesses, and renters who all need access to affordable flood insurance by taking sensible steps to stabilize flood insur-ance premiums, deal with the NFIP’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.036 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9711 November 29, 2018 
debt, and invest in up-to-date and accu-rate flood maps. Thankfully, the American people have demanded a change in Wash-ington; and I am sure that, if we con-tinue to concentrate on this issue, we can find bipartisanship and get some-thing done. Given the critical importance of the NFIP to our housing market, I am pleased that we are taking this small step today of reauthorizing the pro-gram through December 7 to at least avoid its doors from shuttering. But our work is far from done. I have led the effort for years to pro-vide long-term reauthorizations of the NFIP so that we could ensure the af-fordability and availability of flood in-surance. I will continue to do so in the Financial Services Committee next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the chairwoman of the Oversight and In-vestigations Subcommittee of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise because today we are voting on a 1- week extension of the National Flood Insurance Program. This will be the eighth short-term extension since fis-cal year 2017, and it is unacceptable. My district floods every year, and it is imminently clear that we must re-form our flood insurance program, not just repeatedly extend it. Requiring taxpayers to fund construction projects in severe flood zones over and over again is extremely expensive, and it isn’t a sustainable solution. The num-bers prove it: NFIP is currently oper-ating on a $1.4 billion annual deficit, with no end in sight. As Chairman H
ENSARLING knows all too well, I have personally spent the better part of a year, along with the ranking member, Mr. A
LGREEN , work-ing with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to root out waste, fraud, and abuse in other disaster recovery pro-grams. We must ensure that funds go to the people who truly need them, like the disaster recovery program. The current flood insurance is broken, and we must fix it once and for all. Mr. Speaker, it has been 1 year since the House passed a reform package that would have vastly improved the National Flood Insurance Program. It has been 1 year since the Senate has re-fused to act. I urge my colleagues to support the serious structural reforms that the Committee on Financial Serv-ices passed last November. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions of the Financial Services Com-mittee and someone who has been ex-tremely active in monitoring the after-math of the devastation from Hurri-cane Harvey. b1645 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the ranking member for al-lowing the time and commend her for her many years of service and her ef-forts, in a bipartisan way, to establish the NFIP program such that it would be responsible, such that it would take care of the needs of the many people across the length and breadth of our country. I also thank the chairperson of the committee for his years of service. I know this is not the last time that he and I will be on the floor together, but I do want to thank him now for his years of service. Mr. Speaker, the NFIP is important to families because if the family can-not get the flood insurance, they can-not purchase the home. It is important to Realtors because if the home can’t be purchased, the Realtors, obviously, cannot sell the home. It is important to the builders because the builders are the people who rely on home sales to make determinations as to what the market will bear and whether they should construct homes in a given area. So this really is about people in terms of their families, but it is also about people and the economy. It is about whether this economy will con-tinue to grow. It is about whether or not we will provide a program that will give builders some sense of stability such that they can move forward with their construction projects. My hope is that this 1-week exten-sion will be granted. I pray that my colleagues join us and vote for the ex-tension. But my hope also is that we will have a long-term program devel-oped, because the Realtors are depend-ing on us; the contractors are depend-ing on us; the families are depending on us; and the country is depending on us. The National Association of Realtors estimated that, if the program lapses for 1 month, about 40,000 home sales might not close nationwide. This is a significant number of homes in a mar-ket that currently needs an additional shot in the arm. Mr. Speaker, we are here for the fam-ilies, the builders, the Realtors, and the economy. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, the headlines are pretty clear: ‘‘Hurricanes Bigger and Costlier than Ever Before’’; ‘‘2.3 Billion People Affected by Flood-ing Disasters in 20 Years’’; ‘‘Rising Sea Levels Could Cost the U.S. Trillions.’’ Yet, somehow, Congress fails to act. I share with you that Mr. D
UFFY has articulated this problem very well. We are here again for the 40th time. Forty times since 1998 we have passed an ex-tension of the National Flood Insur-ance Program, but without the needed reforms. Four months have passed since the last vote. We still have noth-ing to show for it. No one has been a greater advocate for reform than our colleague, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER of Oregon. Together, he and I have authored a number of bills that would better prepare Americans for ris-ing floodwaters, as had Mr. D
UFFY , re-forms that would address the fact that fewer than 2 percent of 5 million poli-cies have absorbed more than $80 bil-lion in payments. So, are we here today to talk about reforms? No. We are here to support a program that tells Americans that, if you buy flood insurance from Uncle Sam, no matter how many times your house floods, we will give you money to rebuild it without requiring mitiga-tion; a program that currently makes it more difficult for people to move than to rebuild, that fails to encourage communities to mitigate flood risk, that promotes continued construction in the highest risk areas. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this 1-week ex-tension absent reforms, and I encour-age my colleagues to do the same. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST), a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee and long-time supporter of af-fordable flood insurance coverage. Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for her tireless leadership for a strong, af-fordable National Flood Insurance Pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bill. More than 5 mil-lion middle class and working Ameri-cans rely on the National Flood Insur-ance Program for economic security and peace of mind. Congress cannot allow this program to expire. A lapse would leave count-less families unable to renew their policies, putting them in financial peril if disaster were to strike. It would also upend the housing market, with clos-ings coming to a full stop due to the in-ability to secure required coverage. While I wish this bill included a much longer term extension, providing American families with another week of coverage is far preferable to a dam-aging lapse. But, my colleagues, we must do bet-ter than 1 week. The people have en-dured seven stopgap extensions, includ-ing two brief lapses, since September 2017—7 extensions, 14 months. The bill before us is number eight. While almost everyone can agree that flood insurance is long overdue for reform, particularly to address the af-fordability challenges that plague pol-icyholders, we should not allow that goal to threaten the program’s very ex-istence. I urge my colleagues to not only sup-port today’s bill but to work together in the coming days to reach agreement on a longer term extension. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.039 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9712 November 29, 2018 
Florida (Mr. R OSS), the vice chairman of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee of the Financial Services Committee and the true author of com-petitive flood insurance. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the subcommittee chair-man, Mr. D
UFFY , for his efforts, too, in trying to provide significant reforms. I support their efforts in opposing this additional reauthorization of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program. We have done this eight times in just over the year, and what have we gotten in return? Some would say nothing. I would say, no, it has been worse than nothing. You see, we forgave $16 billion in debt and got no reforms in response to that. Now the NFIP is $20 billion in debt again, yet we look at: Oh, but it is just $20 billion. In over 13 years, the interest on that is $5 billion. When are we going to stop this insanity? More disturbing, however, Mr. Speak-er, is this House’s failure to stand up to even the most modest technical re-forms that would benefit the program. During my time in this body, I have been proud to champion one such bill, the Private Flood Insurance Market Development Act. To me, it defies logic that this co-equal Chamber would pass a bill unani-mously through the authorizing com-mittee this Congress and then unani-mously through the whole House in the last Congress and, yet, abandon its op-portunities every time thereafter. My legislation is simple. It is a tech-nical correction that will facilitate the growth of a private market alternative to the drowning national program that we have today. It is bipartisan. It is desperately needed. Yet, here we are again with a clean reauthorization that makes no progress and no promises that tomor-row will be any different. That, Mr. Speaker, is a shame. It is a shame that we have once again folded in the face of unjustified inaction. When does it end? When do we say enough is enough? Mr. Speaker, I do not want to shut down the NFIP. We don’t need to. All we need to do is for the Senate to ac-cept just one of the many eminently reasonable pieces of legislation that the House has passed, to be included alongside the short-term extension. Even the simplest reform would indi-cate that the Senate is serious about coming to the table to negotiate a long-term reauthorization. Anything would be better than the hollow promises this clean extension puts before us today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), a friend from the opposite side of the aisle who is a true expert on flood insurance issues. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot of talk about this program. We have heard a lot about affordability, folks talking about being fiscally conserv-ative and making sure that this pro-gram is financially solvent, hearing numbers like $20 billion in debt. Mr. Speaker, let me give you another number: $1.5 trillion. $1.5 trillion, that is the amount of money we have spent on just 120 disasters since 1980, billion- dollar-plus disasters. If we are fiscally conservative, then we need to address the $1.5 trillion, not focus on this small component of disas-ters. How do you do that? You do that by making your communities more resil-ient. The Congressional Budget Office, FEMA, Corps of Engineers, and many other organizations have come out and said that the way that you do this is by being proactive and making invest-ments in community resiliency, in eco-system resiliency. That is what you do. If we are fiscal conservatives, if we are concerned about solvency and the debt, why are we just focused on this one small program? Mr. Speaker, here is the reality: Under the proposals that have been put forth, it charges people for things they have no responsibility over. That is called a tax. That is a tax. The people in my home State of Lou-isiana are at the bottom of one of the largest watersheds in the world. More water is being sent to us because of de-velopment in the Upper Mississippi River Basin. Because of the Federal Government’s actions on our coast, we have lost 2,000 square miles of our coast. You are going to charge these people higher premiums because of what peo-ple above us are doing in other States and because of what our own Federal Government did to us with the river? That is not a premium. That is a tax. You are charging people for things they have no control over. We have structures and homes that have been in these places for 300 years, and you are suddenly going to charge them unaffordable rates? This program does need reforms. It absolutely needs reforms. Those re-forms should include, as the chairman has stated, buyouts for repetitive- flood-loss properties—absolutely—be-cause that is the fiscally appropriate, fiscally conservative thing to do. Not to mention, no one wants their house to be flooded over and over again. We have to make reforms, but this is not the right approach. Let me be clear: I don’t like a 7-day extension either. I don’t. We need to do a year extension where we can sit down and talk about the right reforms to put us on the right trajectory to sustainably manage this program and, importantly, in the face of changing disasters and rising seas, so that we can prepare our Nation for the future. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to another gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), the vice chairman on the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the reau-thorization of the National Flood In-surance Program. Mr. Speaker, for 20 years, Congress has been putting off making meaning-ful reforms to this problematic pro-gram. Taxpayers continue to pay the price for our failure to act. With every year that passes, the NFIP goes further and further into debt. The unsustainability of this program has even caused Congress to cancel $16 billion in NFIP debt last year. Without meaningful reform like what this body approved when we passed the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, what protections do taxpayers have? Mr. Speaker, the reauthorization be-fore us today is not reform. By simply changing the date of the NFIP expira-tion, this body is tacitly stating that reform can’t be done. Enough is enough. We can’t continue to pass our problems along to those in the future. The time to fix this prob-lem is now. I will oppose extensions of the NFIP as long as this body con-tinues to ignore meaningful reforms. Mr. Speaker, I invite all my col-leagues to join me in voting ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE), who serves on the Judiciary Com-mittee, the Homeland Security Com-mittee, and the Committee on the Budget. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia for her unceasing—unceasing— commitment to the National Flood In-surance Program. I can’t thank her enough. I know that my colleagues and I are from different States, but how many have walked through gutted homes and seen families full of sorrow and tears? Hurricane Harvey was the singular largest flood next to, of course, Hurri-cane Michael. Mr. Speaker, 51 trillion gallons of water in 2017. How many have walked in Puerto Rico to see the devastation, as I have, or walked in the U.S. Virgin Islands and seen homes and hotels and places for home and for business devastated? The National Flood Insurance Pro-gram is a necessity. I wish this was a longer extension. But I have seen the desperation of those who have suffered. They need flood insurance. And those of us who have felt the pain of the fires in California driven by the Camp fire know that they need aid as well. b1700 If you want to know a number, what about $1 trillion plus in the tax scam bill that was passed where my con-stituents say they have not seen one dime from the tax bill, and here we are going to be on the floor tomorrow with a tax extender. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.040 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9713 November 29, 2018 
So I ask the question: Can we help desperate families by ensuring that this program goes for a week and that we can do better? Yes, we can do bet-ter. But let’s stop the pain now with homes that are about to close. With real estate, builders, and others, the economic engine has been, in many in-stances, the buying and selling of homes. This is an important extension, but let’s be truthful. You can’t match up billions to a trillion, and you can’t match up the pain of families looking at gutted homes versus fat cats filling their pockets with a tax scam. I ask for the support of this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the Financial Services Committee majority whip. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I thank the ranking member of the committee as well for her work on this issue over the years. I appreciate Mr. D
UFFY ’s leadership, and I appreciate Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. G
RAVES , and their work on this issue because the House has done its job, Mr. Speaker. We painfully passed this bill over a year ago. We have done our work. We have a bill that represents a com-promise of coastal States and not coastal States. We have taken into ac-count all these issues about climate change and floods and hurricanes. We have taken all that into account, but we have had no action from the Senate. What we are here for today is because the Senate has not taken one step to constructive reform of the National Flood Insurance Program. That is why we are here. So I think we should be working to-gether. We need the ranking member and the chairman down the hall in the Senate asking them, why can’t they get their act together? Where is Sen-ator C
RAPO , where is Senator K ENNEDY  to read this bill and take into account the incredible work that we have done on a bipartisan basis here? So it is very hard for me, Mr. Speak-er, to support a 7-day reauthorization status quo for the eighth time. It is just very hard to do that because it is not right. We need the reforms that are in this bill. We need the pressure on the Senate to come up with their own reforms if they don’t like our reforms. I happen to like our reforms. I like the fact that I see more of what is hap-pening in Arkansas where we have two private insurers now, Mr. Speaker, for floods. They cover $2 million instead of $250,000. They cover replacement cost instead of actual cost. That is the kind of reforms and progress we can make if we take account of the hard work of this House and get the Senate to join us in significant flood reform. So, it is with a lot of regret, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support the reau-thorization of this program for 7 days. We need the Senate to wake up and take action. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), a hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to yet another short-term extension of the National Flood Insurance Program, or the NFIP. This is our eighth one— our eighth one since fiscal year 2017 began. I think we owe it to the taxpayers and I owe it to the residents of North Carolina’s 13th District to fight for re-form. We cannot support another short-term renewal, especially consid-ering the program is $20 billion—and I have even heard that it is even upwards of that—$20 billion in the hole. It is hemorrhaging money, Mr. Speaker. And it is concerning that folks cannot even agree to or even support modest reforms to one of the most flawed gov-ernment programs we have ever seen. Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition of this extension and believe this continuous kicking of the can down the road can-not go on forever. There is still time to adopt even modest reforms, and I sure hope that we do so. I think Senator M
IKELEEof Utah said it best when he gave his descrip-tion of a ‘‘yes’’ vote to extend the NFIP yet again with no reforms back in the summer. He said: ‘‘This is ter-ribly discouraging. It’s not just this program; it’s all that it represents. If we aren’t willing to adopt even modest reforms to a minor program like NFIP, how will we ever address any of the far more vexing problems facing our gov-ernment?’’ This Senator from Utah gets it, and, Mr. Speaker, I wish others would as well. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, while I would prefer a longer term reauthorization of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, I strongly support today’s extension to provide homeowners, businesses, rent-ers, and communities with the cer-tainty they deserve. Let me just say that I think we are all aware that for those people who are trying to obtain homeownership that live in flood zones, they won’t be able to do it if they can-not get the insurance that is provided by the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram. And just think what that is going to do to the real estate market. So we have to do this in order to deal with the fact that this program lit-erally shuts down at the end of Novem-ber. And let me just say that I have been in cities and towns that have been dev-astated by floods and by storms, and I want you to know the time that I spent after Katrina, helping to get people who were abandoned on highways, put-ting them in buses, and traveling down through the various cities, was heart-breaking. I want you to know that I went up to Baton Rouge and I was in Mississippi, and I understand the pain and the destruction that is caused by these storms. And I am absolutely committed, make no mistake, I remain committed to putting partisanship aside and work-ing with my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle to come together on commonsense reforms that protect the continued affordability and avail-ability of coverage, a long-term reau-thorization of the NFIP that ensures that affordable flood insurance con-tinues to be available to communities across our country. It must be Con-gress’ priority when we start the 116th Congress. And let me just say, Mr. Speaker, that despite the fact that my colleague and chairman of the committee and I worked very hard to try and deal with some of our concerns and even dif-ferences, we not only both have dem-onstrated our commitment to long- term NFIP, and while we did not get exactly where we wanted to go, we were able to provide protection for those families who were in desperate need of insurance and to continue, even though we have had to do it on a short- term basis. So I would like to take this moment to just thank him for the opportunity that I have had to work with him. Now, everybody knows we didn’t always agree, but they didn’t know what we were laughing about as we sat next to each other exchanging a few jokes every now and then. So I am going to miss him as our chairman. I don’t know if this is his last time on the floor and whether or not we are going to be able to put flood insurance reau-thorization into the continuing resolu-tion. If we are not, perhaps I will see him again, but I don’t know. I just wanted him to know that his presence here in the Congress of the United States has been noted in the history of the Con-gress of the United States, and whether or not he was agreeing or disagreeing, he had a powerful voice on a powerful committee, and I am going to miss the times that I have spent with him, good times and bad times, and I just wish him well on his future. Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first, I return the kind words of the ranking member. One, she very much negotiated in good faith on the flood program, something she has a lot of passion and expertise on. We didn’t get quite there as we did on a few other items, but, again, she nego-tiated in good faith. She has a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.045 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9714 November 29, 2018 
expertise on the matter. If we don’t get it in this Congress, I have no doubt that she will play a key leadership role in the next in order to effectuate long- term flood reform. And I appreciate the kind words. Al-though, I must admit, I have learned many things in the 16 years I have served in Congress, and one is, the best way to get people to say kind words about you is to announce your retire-ment. I have never had kinder words spoken, but I know they were sincere, of the ranking member. Mr. Speaker, November 14, 2017, was a proud day for the United States House of Representatives, because that is the day, on a bipartisan basis, we passed the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, and I negotiated with the House majority whip, Mr. S
CALISE , this bill, among others. And here we are, over a year later, and no action from the Senate. And, today, November 29, 2018, is a sad and embarrassing day for the United States House of Representatives. And I must say, as a Republican, it is a sad and embarrassing day for something we call regular order, something that my party ran on. And now we have a bill coming to the floor, within the jurisdiction of the House Financial Services Committee; regular order says the committee of ju-risdiction first works their will before the House works their will. The com-mittee didn’t work its will on this bill. And, in fact, I have yet to find anybody in the Republican leadership who will own up to how this came to the floor in the first place. So, unfortunately, because my party lost at the ballot box, we are going to soon be out of the regular order busi-ness and apparently we have forgotten how to do it. So it is a sad day in that regard. It is also a sad day because what we see here with this bill is a per-petuation of the status quo. Now, let me tell you what the status quo is, Mr. Speaker. The status quo is 100 different people are dying in Amer-ica every year from floods. At least a part of that tragedy—a part of that tragedy is a failure to reform the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program. Status quo is that we continue to pay people to build the same homes in the same fashion in the same places that flood over and over and over and some-how expect a different result. We are not helping them. We are not helping them at all. We are helping put them in harm’s way. That is what the status quo is, and if you vote for this exten-sion, you are voting for the status quo. Status quo is a government monop-oly—a government monopoly with no competition, no innovation, and, by the way, it is subsidized, and it is still not affordable. We are seeing average premium increases of 7 percent a year. You know, on the Republican side of the aisle, why don’t we give free enter-prise a chance? Why don’t we allow competition to bring in innovation, to bring down rates as opposed to, again, making taxpayers subsidize it and still have unaffordability? Only government can bring about that insane result. What else is the status quo? The sta-tus quo is $35 billion of debt—$35 bil-lion of debt with $11⁄2billion actual ac-tuarial annual deficit a year. Totally unsustainable. Totally unsustainable The status quo is that taxpayers, hardworking factory workers in Mes-quite, Texas, are having to subsidize millionaires’ beach condos. That is the status quo. That is the bill that is on the floor right now. The last several tragic hurricanes we have seen, 80 to 90 percent of the af-fected flooded homes didn’t even have flood insurance. Why? Because it is not part of the homeowner’s insurance pol-icy due to the government monopoly. That is the status quo. And we are pay-ing on the back end because we are not allowing market competition on the front end. That is the status quo. The status quo is, we are taking envi-ronmentally sensitive areas, and they are getting paved. They are getting paved in flood-prone areas. b1715 That is the status quo, and so that is really the debate that is before us today. We know what the classic definition of insanity is: doing the same thing over and over and over and expecting a different result. Eight times—this will be the eighth time since the House passed the 21st Century Flood Reform Act on a bipartisan basis that there will be yet another vote for status quo. Here is a radical idea. Why don’t we do something different? Why don’t we tell the Senate it is time, after a year, that they do their business? I have got to tell you, once again, Mr. Speaker, I have learned a number of things in my 16 years of service in this body. One is never underestimate the Senate’s capacity to do nothing. Why do we allow them to do nothing? Let them bring a bill. I don’t believe we are through negoti-ating, Mr. Speaker, but the House shouldn’t negotiate with itself after we have made a House position on a bipar-tisan basis known. There is no reason to do this. There can be a better day. There is hope. I imagine a day when we have a flood insurance program with afford-able premiums that is brought about by competition, that is brought about by innovation. I can imagine a day where every American remotely placed in a flood-prone area has flood as part of their homeowners insurance so that when one of these great tragedies oc-curs, at least they had insurance on the front end. So I dream about and I imag-ine greater take-up rates. I also imagine a day where, for the people in flood-prone areas, we either help move them up or we help move them out so that they don’t continue to be in harm’s way. I went to Hurricane Harvey. I met with the survivors. I heard the tragic stories. I saw the tragedy of the lost homes. And yet here we are, voting on status quo to put them right back where they were again. This is a sad and embarrassing day for the House. We need to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7187. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FEDERAL AGENCY CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2846) to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services pro-vided by agencies, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2846 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Federal Government serves the people of the United States and should seek to contin-ually improve public services provided by the Federal Government based on customer feed-back; (2) the people of the United States deserve a Federal Government that provides efficient, ef-fective, and high-quality services across multiple channels; (3) many agencies, offices, programs, and Fed-eral employees provide excellent service to indi-viduals, however many parts of the Federal Government still fall short on delivering the cus-tomer service experience that individuals have come to expect from the private sector; (4) according to the 2016 American Customer Satisfaction Index, the Federal Government ranks among the bottom of all industries in the United States in customer satisfaction; (5) providing quality services to individuals improves the confidence of the people of the United States in their government and helps agencies achieve greater impact and fulfill their missions; and (6) improving service to individuals requires agencies to work across organizational bound-aries, leverage technology, collect and share standardized data, and develop customer-cen-tered mindsets and service strategies. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that all agencies should strive to pro-vide high-quality, courteous, effective, and effi-cient services to the people of the United States and seek to measure, collect, report, and utilize metrics relating to the experience of individuals interacting with agencies to continually improve services to the people of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.046 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9715 November 29, 2018 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (3) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered agency’’ means an agency or component of an agency that is designated as a ‘‘covered agen-cy’’ pursuant to section 5(a). (4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (5) V
OLUNTARY CUSTOMER SERVICE FEED -
BACK .—The term ‘‘voluntary customer service feedback’’ means a response to a collection of information conducted by a covered agency in accordance with this Act. 
SEC. 4. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT TO COLLECTION OF VOLUNTARY CUSTOMER SERVICE FEEDBACK. 
Sections 3506(c) and 3507 of title 44, United States Code (provisions of what is commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) shall not apply to a collection of voluntary cus-tomer service feedback. 
SEC. 5. GUIDELINES FOR VOLUNTARY CUSTOMER SERVICE FEEDBACK. 
(a) E VALUATION AND DESIGNATION .—The Di- rector shall assess agencies, agency components, and agency programs to identify which have the highest impact on or number of interactions with individuals or entities. Based on the as-sessment, the Director shall designate agencies, agency components, or programs as covered agencies for purposes of this Act. (b) G
UIDANCE .—The Director shall issue guid-ance that requires each covered agency that so-licits voluntary customer service feedback to en-sure that— (1) any response to the solicitation of vol-untary customer service feedback remains anon-ymous, the collection method does not include a request for or opportunity for the respondent to provide information that could identify such re-spondent, and any response is not traced to a specific individual or entity; (2) any individual or entity who declines to participate in the solicitation of voluntary cus-tomer service feedback shall not be treated dif-ferently by the agency for purposes of providing services or information; (3) the solicitation does not include more than 10 questions; (4) the voluntary nature of the solicitation is clear; (5) the collection of voluntary customer service feedback is only used to improve customer serv-ice and will not be used for any other purpose; (6) any solicitation of voluntary customer service feedback is limited to 1 solicitation per interaction with an individual or entity; (7) to the extent practicable, the solicitation of voluntary customer service feedback is made at the point of service with an individual or entity; (8) any instrument for collecting voluntary customer service feedback is accessible to indi-viduals with disabilities in accordance with sec-tion 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d); and (9) internal agency data governance policies remain in effect with respect to the collection of voluntary customer service feedback from any individual or entity. 
SEC. 6. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE DATA COLLEC-TION. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF RESPONSES .—The head of each covered agency (or a designee), assisted by and in consultation with the Performance Im-provement Officer or other senior accountable official for customer service of the covered agen-cy, shall collect voluntary customer service feed-back with respect to any service of or trans-action with the covered agency that has been identified by the Director, in consultation with the Administrator, in accordance with the guid-ance issued by the Director under section 5. (b) CONTENT OF QUESTIONS .— (1) S
TANDARDIZED QUESTIONS .—The Director, in consultation with the Administrator, shall develop a set of standardized questions for use by each covered agency in collecting voluntary customer service feedback under this section that address— (A) overall satisfaction of individuals or enti-ties with the specific interaction or service re-ceived; (B) the extent to which individuals or entities were able to accomplish their intended task or purpose; (C) whether the individual or entity was treated with respect and professionalism; (D) whether the individual or entity believes they were served in a timely manner; and (E) any additional metrics as determined by the Director, in consultation with the Adminis-trator. (2) A
DDITIONAL QUESTIONS .—In addition to the questions developed pursuant to paragraph (1), the Director shall consult with the Perform-ance Improvement Council to develop additional questions relevant to the operations or programs of covered agencies. (c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—To the ex-tent practicable— (1) each covered agency shall collect vol-untary customer service feedback across all plat-forms or channels through which the covered agency interacts with individuals or other enti-ties to deliver information or services; and (2) voluntary customer service feedback col-lected under this section shall be tied to specific transactions or interactions with customers of the covered agency. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT TO THE DIRECTOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, each covered agency shall publish on the website of the covered agency and submit to the Director, in a manner determined by the Director— (i) a report that includes— (I) the voluntary customer service feedback for the previous year; and (II) descriptions of how the covered agency has used and plans to use such feedback; and (ii) a machine readable dataset that in-cludes— (I) the the standardized questions or addi-tional questions described in subsection (b) and the response choices for such questions; and (II) the response rate for each collection of voluntary customer service feedback for the pre-vious year. (B) C
ENTRALIZED WEBSITE .—The Director shall— (i) include and maintain on a publicly avail-able website links to the information provided on the websites of covered agencies under sub-paragraph (A); and (ii) for purposes of clause (i), establish a website or make use of an existing website, such as the website required under section 1122 of title 31, United States Code. (2) A
GGREGATED REPORT .—Each covered agen-cy shall publish in an electronic format and up-date on a regular basis an aggregated report on the solicitation and use of voluntary customer service feedback, which shall include— (A) the intended purpose of each solicitation of voluntary customer service feedback con-ducted by the covered agency; (B) the appropriate point of contact within each covered agency for each solicitation of vol-untary customer service feedback conducted; (C) the questions or survey instrument sub-mitted to members of the public as part of the solicitation of voluntary customer service feed-back; and (D) a description of how the covered agency uses the voluntary customer service feedback re-ceived by the covered agency to improve the cus-tomer service of the covered agency. SEC. 7. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE SCORECARD RE-PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date on which all covered agencies have submitted the first annual reports to the Director required under section 6(d)(1), and every 2 years thereafter until the date that is 10 years after such date, the Comptroller General of the United States shall make publicly avail-able and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representatives a scorecard report assessing the data collected and reported by the covered agencies and each instrument used to collect voluntary customer service feedback. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a summary of the information required to be published by covered agencies under section 6(d); (2) a description of how each covered agency plans to use and has used the voluntary cus-tomer service feedback received by the covered agency; and (3) an evaluation of each covered agency’s compliance with this Act. 
SEC. 8. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that adequate Fed-eral funding is needed to ensure agency staffing levels that can provide the public with appro-priate customer service levels. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2846, sponsored by Congressman F
ITZPATRICK  of Pennsylvania. The Federal Government is in the service industry. Members of this Chamber and our staffs work every day, both here and in our respective districts, to serve our constituents, the American people. The same can be said of the executive branch. For instance, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs serves this Nation’s mili-tary men and women by providing healthcare services, funding education under the GI Bill, and helping veterans and their families afford homes. However, the 2017 American Cus-tomer Satisfaction Index found that the Federal Government ranks near the bottom of all industries in the United States when it comes to cus-tomer service. The Federal Govern-ment can and must do better for the very people who pay its bills. In the private sector, companies un-derstand the importance of customer service. As Americans, we can barely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.011 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9716 November 29, 2018 
go one day without being asked by a company to provide feedback, whether it is when we make a purchase online, when we call our banks or credit card companies, or when we go out to eat at a restaurant. But Federal agencies often don’t prioritize customer feed-back because they don’t have to com-pete for customers. The Federal Agency Customer Expe-rience Act will change that by requir-ing certain high-impact agencies to collect voluntary feedback on the serv-ices they provide, while also making it easier for other agencies to do the same if they choose to. Using feedback provided by the pub-lic, agencies will know more about which aspects of their services are working and which need to be im-proved. The voluntary questionnaires created under this bill will address the individual’s satisfaction with a specific agency interaction and ensure they were treated with professionalism and respect. Finally, the Government Account-ability Office will create government-wide customer experience scorecards to show everyone which agencies excel and which agencies need to improve. I thank the bipartisan group of my colleagues who supported H.R. 2846 dur-ing committee consideration of the bill, and I urge all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, improving government interactions with the public must be a constant goal of Federal agencies and Members of Congress. I support this bill because it moves us toward that objective. The House bill before us is the com-panion measure to a bill introduced by Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL which passed the Senate unanimously last year. H.R. 2846 would require Federal agen-cies to collect voluntary feedback from the public, a common practice in the private sector. Agencies would have to report the results of this feedback to the Office of Management and Budget and post it on agency websites. Importantly, agencies would be re-quired to ensure that this information is anonymous and protect their pri-vacy. However, using customer satisfaction sources to demonize certain agencies or agency personnel is not an appropriate use of this information. This feedback should be used for constructive pur-poses. Measuring the public’s satisfaction with the service agencies provide is a good step toward improving services overall and will hopefully provide in-sight into how agencies can improve their operations. The aim is to create a virtuous cycle, not a vicious one. Congress must also recognize its role in improving agency performance and customer satisfaction. Agencies will inevitably receive low satisfaction scores from the public if they are woe-fully underfunded and are not able to hire and adequately train employees, as this has, unfortunately, been the case at some agencies over the past few years. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), the spon-sor of this bill. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, every day throughout the private sec-tor, businesses obtain feedback from their customers to improve their prod-ucts and improve their services. How-ever, this is much less common—if not nonexistent—within the Federal Gov-ernment, where agencies could be doing far more to improve the customer serv-ice experience of every citizen in this country. The latest American Cus-tomer Satisfaction Index found the Federal Government is near the bot-tom of the list when it comes to cus-tomer satisfaction. H.R. 2846 requires certain Federal agencies to collect voluntary feedback from individuals about their inter-actions with the government. People who interact with government agencies will have the opportunity to give feed-back on their experience. Using feed-back provided by the public, agencies will figure out just how effectively they are at serving the American peo-ple. The result, Mr. Speaker, will be a win-win. The American public receives better services and customer care, while agencies achieve greater impact and ability to fulfill their missions. H.R. 2846 also sets guidelines for agencies’ solicitation of voluntary feedback from the public. The ques-tionnaire will be no longer than 10 questions, and the response must be anonymous. Agencies are required to work with the General Services Admin-istration and the Office of Management and Budget to formulate their surveys to ensure feedback is both reliable and useful. However, customer feedback on its own will not improve the relationship between the American people and the Federal Government. H.R. 2846 requires agencies to report publicly on the vol-untary feedback that they collect. This report will include information about the feedback received and a de-scription of how the agency will go about improving customer service. The Government Accountability Office will also create customer experience score-cards for the agencies to foster ac-countability. I urge my friends on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 2846. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this bill on this side, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2846, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the collec-tion of voluntary customer service feedback on services provided by agen-cies, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALL-AMERICAN FLAG ACT Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3121) to require the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Fed-eral Government, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3121 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘All-Amer-ican Flag Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENT FOR AGENCIES TO BUY DOMESTICALLY MADE UNITED STATES FLAGS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR AGENCIES TO BUYDO-
MESTICALLY MADEUNITED STATES FLAGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 63 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 6310. Requirement for agencies to buy do-mestically made United States flags ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subsections (b) through (d), funds appro-priated or otherwise available to an agency may not be used for the procurement of any flag of the United States, unless such flag has been 100 percent manufactured in the United States from articles, materials, or supplies that have been grown or 100 percent produced or manufactured in the United States. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the extent that the head of the agency concerned determines that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of a flag described in such sub-section cannot be procured as and when needed at United States market prices. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROCURE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to the following: ‘‘(1) Procurements by vessels in foreign waters. ‘‘(2) Procurements for resale purposes in any military commissary, military ex-change, or nonappropriated fund instrumen-tality operated by an agency. ‘‘(3) Procurements for amounts less than the simplified acquisition threshold. ‘‘(d) P
RESIDENTIAL WAIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the requirement in subsection (a) if the President determines a waiver is necessary to comply with any trade agreement to which the United States is a party. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE OF WAIVER .—Not later than 30 days after granting a waiver under para-graph (1), the President shall publish a no-tice of the waiver in the Federal Register. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.049 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9717 November 29, 2018 
‘‘(e) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given the term ‘executive agency’ in section 102 of title 40. ‘‘(2) S
IMPLIFIED ACQUISITION THRESHOLD .— The term ‘simplified acquisition threshold’ has the meaning given that term in section 134.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘6310. Requirement for agencies to buy do-mestically made United States flags.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 6310 of title 41, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall apply with respect to any con-tract entered into on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3121, introduced by Congresswoman B
USTOS  of Illinois. H.R. 3121 is a bipartisan bill to ensure government agencies only buy United States flags made from 100 percent American-made material. Most Americans may think American flags purchased with taxpayer money for the government are made here at home by Americans using only U.S. materials. Surprisingly, this is not a uniform requirement in current Fed-eral acquisition laws and regulations. When it comes to the content of Amer-ican flags purchased by executive agen-cies, the requirements under the cur-rent law are inconsistent. The Department of Defense and the military departments generally are re-quired to buy American flags made en-tirely of U.S. materials, but civilian agencies are currently permitted to buy flags that are manufactured in the U.S. consisting of only 51 percent American-made materials, or some-times even less than that. This bill brings all executive agen-cies under a single rule when it comes to the content of American flags bought by agencies across the govern-ment. Rather than impose new rules and ex-ceptions for DOD and civilian agency flag purchases, the All-American Flag Act recognizes and essentially adopts current DOD requirements and excep-tions. b1730 H.R. 3121 contains limited exceptions that recognize practical realities, such as domestic nonavailability, in keeping with current law governing DOD pur-chases in textiles, including U.S. flags. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative BUSTOS and the many cosponsors who are leading this effort to honor Amer-ica’s greatest symbol of freedom, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the All-American Flag Act is a commonsense bill that all Members should support. It would sim-ply require all Federal agencies to pur-chase American flags that are manu-factured in the United States, using materials grown or produced in the United States. Under current law, this requirement applies only to the Departments of De-fense and Veterans Affairs. It should be extended to all Federal agencies. As under current law, the bill would provide certain limited exceptions and allow agencies to purchase American flags made elsewhere if they are not available in sufficient quantity or quality from American manufacturers. Mr. Speaker, I intend to reserve my time eventually, but first, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), my distinguished colleague. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding me time. I appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, the All-American Flag Act. This commonsense legisla-tion will require all American flags purchased by the Federal Government to be made entirely in the United States from materials grown or manu-factured in the United States. The idea for this bill came to me when I was sitting down and talking with a Vietnam vet. We were at a VFW hall, and he pointed to the corner, saw an American flag there, and said: Do you know that the American flag can be made in China? I was very surprised that that could even happen. I will never forget when he looked at me and said: ‘‘I didn’t fight for China. I fought for the USA.’’ I later learned that, in 2015 alone, taxpayers footed the bill to import American flags to the tune of $4.4 mil-lion, $4 million of which went straight to China. Since that conversation, I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to require the Depart-ment of Defense to purchase 100 per-cent American-made flags. With the support of my colleagues today, we can ensure that all American flags pur-chased with taxpayer money are 100 percent American made. There is no reason that the symbol of our Nation, our freedoms, and our val-ues, proudly worn on the sleeves of our American soldiers or displayed right here, like right behind me, in our Na-tion’s Capitol should be manufactured anywhere but in the United States of America. By purchasing flags made on Amer-ican soil, we can ensure that the sym-bol of our Nation is preserved, while supporting American jobs and manu-facturing. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratu-late my friend and colleague on this ex-cellent, patriotic bill, of which I am a cosponsor. I have no further speakers on this side of the aisle, so I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3121, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL ACCESS ACT OF 2017 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3154) to amend the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3154 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inspector General Access Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INVESTIGATIONS OF DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE PERSONNEL. 
Section 8E of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and para-graph (3)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (D) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘, except with respect to allegations described in sub-section (b)(3),’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.012 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9718 November 29, 2018 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3154 introduced by Congressman R
ICHMOND of Louisiana. Inspectors general perform a critical oversight function with regard to mis-conduct at their respective agencies. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee has long pushed for IGs to have timely and complete access to all the information they need to fulfill their oversight and investigative func-tions. In continuance of that mission, H.R. 3154 removes an outdated statute that prevents the inspector general from in-vestigating certain misconduct at the Justice Department. Under current statute, the DOJ IG must refer allegations of misconduct by Department attorneys to the Office of Professional Responsibility, or OPR, rather than initiate an investigation himself. The OPR existed prior to the cre-ation of the DOJ IG in 1988, and OPR retained this specific authority when the DOJ IG was created. H.R. 3154 seeks to harmonize the DOJ inspector general’s investigative au-thority with that of the rest of the Federal inspectors general, who are not similarly restricted. The bill repeals the provision requiring the IG to refer allegations of attorney misconduct to OPR. Congress and, in particular, the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee have consistently supported the need for independent and transparent oversight of Federal agencies and pro-grams. The current division of investigative authority at DOJ is inconsistent with the committee’s history of supporting the notion of an unburdened IG. The IG is confirmed by the Senate, is accountable to the public, and only can be removed by the President after noti-fication to Congress. Further, the IG has statutory reporting obligations to both agency leadership and Congress. In contrast, the Director of OPR is selected and appointed by the Attorney General, answers to the Attorney Gen-eral, and can be removed or disciplined by the Attorney General. The IG’s independence is critical to the value of their work. The IG maintains transparency by publishing its reports on a public website. The website contains informa-tion about the reports, operations, and functions of the IG, including a full ar-chive of its completed reports and its ongoing work. This standard of trans-parency does not apply to OPR. Adverse findings by OPR against a DOJ lawyer are subject to review by the Department’s leadership and can be overruled by the Department’s leader-ship without any transparency. It is important to note that this divi-sion of authority is a unique situation in the Federal IG community. For in-stance, the Securities and Exchange Commission Office of Inspector General is responsible for handling misconduct allegations against SEC lawyers, in-cluding those with prosecuting author-ity. The need for this legislation has also been discussed in multiple hearings be-fore our committee and in reports by watchdog groups. The DOJ IG, Michael Horowitz, testified before this com-mittee most recently on November 15, 2017, about the importance of elimi-nating this discrepancy. Congress’ own watchdog, the Govern-ment Accountability Office, has issued reports with recommendations to em-power the DOJ IG. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3154, the Inspector General Ac-cess Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives R
ICHMOND , HICE, and L YNCH for the bi-partisan manner in which they worked on this very important bill. The Inspector General Access Act would allow the IG of the Department of Justice to investigate allegations of misconduct by Department attorneys. The IG is statutorily independent and currently has the authority to inves-tigate other DOJ personnel, but is barred from pursuing appropriate in-vestigations into the attorneys at the Department. Under current law, the authority to investigate attorneys is restricted to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility within DOJ. OPR is not statu-torily independent; its head is not Sen-ate confirmed like the IG; and treating attorneys differently from other per-sonnel is unfair. One year ago, Michael Horowitz, the inspector general at the Department of Justice, testified before the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: ‘‘This bifurcated jurisdiction creates a system where misconduct by FBI agents and other DOJ law enforcement officers is conducted by a statutorily independent IG appointed by the Presi-dent and confirmed by the Senate, while misconduct by DOJ prosecutors is investigated by a component head who is appointed by the Department’s leadership and who lacks statutory independence. There is no principled reason for treating misconduct by Fed-eral prosecutors differently than mis-conduct by DOJ law enforcement agents.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letter from Mr. Horowitz express-ing his strong support for this bill be-fore us today. U.S. D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL , November 29, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. E
LIJAH E. C UMMINGS , Ranking Member, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN AND RANKING MEMBER  C
UMMINGS : I write to express my strong sup-port for H.R. 3154, the ‘‘Inspector General Ac-cess Act of 2017’’ (Access Act), which your Committee approved unanimously on Sep-tember 27, 2018. The Access Act would amend the Inspector General Act (IG Act) to pro-vide the Department of Justice (DOJ) Office of the Inspector General (OIG) with author-ity to investigate allegations of misconduct against DOJ attorneys for their actions as lawyers, just as the OIG has authority under the IG Act to investigate allegations of mis-conduct made against any non-lawyer in the Department, including law enforcement agents at the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion (FBI), the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration (DEA), the Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), and the U.S. Marshals Service (USMS). Cur-rently, under Section 8E of the Inspector General Act, the OIG does not have the au-thority to investigate allegations of mis-conduct made against DOJ attorneys acting in their capacity as lawyers; this role is re-served exclusively for the Department’s Of-fice of Professional Responsibility (OPR). The Access Act has received broad, bipar-tisan support over successive Congresses be-cause it promotes independent oversight, transparency, and accountability within DOJ and for all of its employees. For these same reasons, in 1994, the then-General Ac-counting Office, now the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO), issued a report that found that preventing the OIG from in-vestigating attorney misconduct was incon-sistent with the independence and account-ability that Congress envisioned under the IG Act. The OIG has long questioned this carve-out because OPR lacks statutory independence and does not regularly release its reports and conclusions to the public. Moreover, to our knowledge, the DOJ Inspector General is the only Inspector General in the entire federal government that does not have the authority to investigate alleged professional mis-conduct by attorneys who work in the agen-cy it oversees. Providing the OIG with au-thority to exercise jurisdiction in attorney professional misconduct cases would enhance the public’s confidence in the outcomes of these investigations and provide the OIG with the same authority as every other In-spector General. Alleged professional misconduct by DOJ prosecutors, like any alleged misconduct by DOJ agents, should be subject to statutorily independent oversight. Over fifteen years ago, the Department and Congress recognized the importance of statu-torily independent OIG oversight over all DOJ law enforcement components (FBI, DEA, USMS, and ATF) when Attorney Gen-eral Ashcroft authorized the OIG to conduct additional law enforcement oversight in 2001 and Congress legislated it in 2002. Yet, alle-gations against Department prosecutors for professional misconduct continue to be han-dled exclusively by OPR. As a result, pres-ently, if an allegation of misconduct is made against the FBI Director, it is reviewed by the OIG; by contrast, if an allegation of pro-fessional misconduct is made against the At-torney General, it is handled by OPR, a De-partmental component that the Attorney General supervises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.055 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9719 November 29, 2018 
The rationale supporting independent over-sight for alleged misconduct by law enforce-ment applies with equal force to alleged wrongdoing by federal prosecutors, regard-less of the nature of the alleged misconduct. There is no principled reason to have two standards of oversight at DOJ—one for fed-eral agents, who are subject to statutorily independent and transparent oversight by the OIG, and one for federal prosecutors, who are not for allegations of professional mis-conduct. This is particularly true given the extraordinary power that Department law-yers have to charge individuals with crimes, to seek incarceration, and to pursue the sei-zure of assets and property. The OIG’s independence, established by statutory authorities and protections, facili-tates objective and credible investigations of misconduct allegations, as well as unbiased reports that identify and make useful rec-ommendations for improving the Depart-ment. The OIG is headed by a Senate-con-firmed Inspector General who can only be re-moved by the President, with prior notice to Congress. The OIG’s statutory independence is bolstered by the OIG’s dual obligation to report findings and concerns both to the At-torney General and to Congress. The inde-pendent OIG is able to make critical inves-tigative and audit findings without fear of reprisal. Conversely, OPR has no statutory inde-pendence or protections. The OPR Counsel is appointed by and answers to the Attorney General, and can be removed or disciplined by the Attorney General. Although a Novem-ber 27, 2018 letter from DOJ’s Office of Legis-lative Affairs (OLA) on H.R. 3154 states that ‘‘OPR has always acted independently,’’ it does not point to any protections, statutory or otherwise, that exist to ensure OPR’s independence from the Attorney General, nor has DOJ proposed strengthening OPR’s independence by adding such protections. In-deed, the letter fails to explain or even ad-dress why DOJ believes it is better to have a non-statutorily independent entity handle attorney professional misconduct cases rath-er than a statutorily independent organiza-tion, as is the case for law enforcement pro-fessional misconduct allegations. The OIG’s independent and transparent over-sight enhances the public’s confidence in the DOJ’s programs and improves its op-erations. In addition to independence, the OIG con-siders transparency a crucial component of its oversight mission. With limited excep-tions, the OIG ensures that the public is aware of the results of our work. The major-ity of our reports are posted on our public website at the time of release to ensure that Congress and the public are informed of our findings, in a comprehensive and timely manner. The OIG, consistent with the IG Act, publishes on our website summaries of investigations resulting in findings of ad-ministrative misconduct by senior govern-ment employees and in matters of public in-terest even when the subject is not pros-ecuted. We post such summaries without identifying the investigative subject con-sistent with the legal requirements under the Privacy Act. Because of this commit-ment to transparency, there are currently hundreds of OIG reports, audits, and reviews posted on our web site. There are also sum-maries of dozens of OIG investigative reports posted, including recent reports involving significant misconduct by senior DOJ offi-cials. In contrast, there are currently only a total of five reports (other than annual re-ports) posted on OPR’s website. Four of those five reports are from 2008 and were the result of OPR’s joint work with the OIG, and which the OIG posted on our website con-sistent with the IG Act and our practice. The fifth report was completed by OPR in 2013 and only released in 2015 in response to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request. Moreover, although the OLA letter states that ‘‘OPR discloses a substantial amount of information about its work and findings in its annual report,’’ this information is not reported in a timely or comprehensive man-ner. Congress and the public only find out about some, but not necessarily all, of OPR’s work when it issues an annual report. An example of this dichotomy can be found in a case involving an Oregon lawyer who was arrested by the FBI and wrongly impris-oned after mismatched fingerprints linked him to the 2004 bombing at a Madrid train station. The OIG investigated the allegations of FBI agent misconduct, while the Depart-ment’s OPR investigated the allegations of attorney misconduct. This bifurcation led to inconsistent treatment. The OIG report on the actions of the FBI agents was published on the OIG’s website, but OPR did not pub-lish the report on the conduct of the DOJ at-torneys who were involved in the same case. Transparency ensures greater account-ability, and sends an important deterrent message to other Department employees. The credibility of the Department’s discipli-nary process is inevitably reduced when the responsible component operates under the di-rection of the Department’s senior leader-ship and is not subject to public scrutiny be-cause of limited transparency. The OIG has demonstrated its excellence in reviewing complex legal and factual issues, including employee ethics and misconduct matters. Over the past 30 years, the OIG has shown that it is capable of fair and independent oversight of the DOJ. The jurisdictional lim-itation of Section 8E(b)(3) is an unnecessary historical vestige of the fact that OPR was in existence prior to the statutory creation of the OIG in 1988. Those who unsuccessfully tried in 2002 to forestall Congress from pro-viding the OIG with oversight of alleged mis-conduct by FBI and DEA agents contended that those cases required specialized exper-tise—just like the Department argues cur-rently that prosecutorial oversight requires specialized expertise—and that argument was roundly rejected and has proven to be entirely without merit. The decision by Con-gress to extend OIG jurisdiction in 2002 to encompass misconduct by FBI and DEA agents has allowed for significant and impor-tant oversight of DOJ’s law enforcement op-erations, and has had significant positive im-pact on the integrity of those agencies’ oper-ations. The OIG has consistently demonstrated our ability to handle complex legal and fac-tual issues related to our misconduct re-views, including those involving FBI and DEA agents as well as, on occasion, ethics issues involving DOJ lawyers. In addition to our recent investigation of the FBI’s actions prior to the 2016 presidential election, which involved evaluating the professional conduct by FBI agents, FBI lawyers, and FBI senior officials, we have investigated the FBI’s ac-tions involving its former agent Robert Hanssen, the FBI’s activities related to James ‘‘Whitey’’ Bulger, the DEA’s oversight of its confidential informant program, the DEA and other components’ handling of sex-ual misconduct and harassment cases, the operation of the FBI laboratory, ATF’s ac-tions involving Operation Fast and Furious, and the FBI’s use of its national security au-thorities (National Security Letters, Patriot Act Section 215, FISA Amendment Act Sec-tion 702). Each of those and many other reviews re-sulted in independent and transparent find-ings by the OIG, and resulted in changes to Department operations that enhanced their effectiveness and thereby increased the public’s confidence in those programs. More-over, OIGs throughout the government, in-cluding at the Department of Homeland Se-curity and the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, have authority to investigate mis-conduct allegations made against attorneys at those agencies and they have dem-onstrated that they are fully capable of deal-ing with such matters covering a wide range of complex legal issues. The DOJ OIG is the only OIG, to our knowledge, that is barred by the IG Act from reviewing misconduct by lawyers within the agency it oversees. The Access Act would provide the OIG with oversight over Department lawyers in a manner that is entirely consistent with its oversight authority over Department non-attorneys. The present oversight system that applies to allegations made against any DOJ non- lawyer, as provided for in the IG Act and De-partment regulations, is precisely the over-sight mechanism that the Access Act seeks to apply to Department lawyers. Specifi-cally, under the current system for DOJ non- lawyers, all non-frivolous misconduct allega-tions must be provided to the OIG for the OIG’s review and determination as to wheth-er it is of the type and nature that warrants and necessitates independent OIG investiga-tion. Given the OIG’s limited resources, the OIG handles only those allegations that war-rant an independent OIG investigation, and therefore the OIG returns routine and less serious misconduct allegations to Depart-ment components, such as the FBI’s Inspec-tions Division and the DEA’s OPR, for their handling and investigation. For those mat-ters that the OIG retains, when the OIG com-pletes its investigation, it sends its report to the component so that it can adjudicate the OIG’s findings and take disciplinary action, as appropriate. The Access Act creates a similar practice, by maintaining the Depart-ment’s OPR to handle misconduct allega-tions that do not require independent out-side review as determined by the OIG, much as the internal affairs offices at the FBI, DEA, ATF, and USMS remain in place today. We are unaware of any claims by Depart-ment leaders that this approach has resulted in ‘‘different investigative standards,’’ ‘‘decrease[d] efficiency,’’ or ‘‘inconsistent ap-plication’’ of legal standards. There is no evi-dence that it has impacted the components ‘‘ability to successfully defend any signifi-cant discipline decision before the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board.’’ Yet this parade of horribles is precisely what the OLA letter claims will occur if attorneys are treated in the same manner as Special Agents and non- attorneys at the Department, rather than continuing to receive the special oversight treatment granted to them under the cur-rent carve-out provision under the IG Act. This argument it meritless. Indeed, the dis-ciplinary processes at the FBI and the DEA have substantially improved since the OIG obtained statutory oversight authority over those components in 2002, in significant part due to the greater transparency and account-ability that has resulted from the OIG’s oversight. I very much appreciate your strong sup-port for my Office and for Inspectors General throughout the federal government. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL E. H OROWITZ , Inspector General. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3154 would not prohibit OPR from investigating attor-neys. It would simply add the ability to investigate attorneys when appropriate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.014 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9720 November 29, 2018 
in the IG’s authority, an additional layer of accountability. Empowering IGs has been, and should continue to be, a nonpartisan issue. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform relies on the work of IGs, and we strongly support ensur-ing they can do their jobs effectively. This bill was ordered reported by the Oversight Committee unanimously. I urge my colleagues to continue their support for IGs by supporting the In-spector General Access Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3154. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
21ST CENTURY INTEGRATED DIGITAL EXPERIENCE ACT Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5759) to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5759 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘21st Century In-tegrated Digital Experience Act’’ or the ‘‘21st Century IDEA’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (2) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Exec-utive agency’’ in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. WEBSITE MODERNIZATION. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR NEWWEBSITES AND  D
IGITAL SERVICES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, an exec-utive agency that creates a website or digital service that is intended for use by the public, or conducts a redesign of an existing legacy website or digital service that is intended for use by the public, shall ensure to the greatest extent practicable that any new or redesigned website, web-based form, web-based application, or dig-ital service— (1) is accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with section 508 of the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d); (2) has a consistent appearance; (3) does not overlap with or duplicate any leg-acy websites and, if applicable, ensure that leg-acy websites are regularly reviewed, eliminated, and consolidated; (4) contains a search function that allows users to easily search content intended for pub-lic use; (5) is provided through an industry standard secure connection; (6) is designed around user needs with data- driven analysis influencing management and development decisions, using qualitative and quantitative data to determine user goals, needs, and behaviors, and continually test the website, web-based form, web-based application, or dig-ital service to ensure that user needs are ad-dressed; (7) provides users of the new or redesigned website, web-based form, web-based application, or digital service with the option for a more cus-tomized digital experience that allows users to complete digital transactions in an efficient and accurate manner; and (8) is fully functional and usable on common mobile devices. (b) REQUIREMENTS FOR EXISTING EXECUTIVE  A
GENCY WEBSITES AND DIGITAL SERVICES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency that maintains a website or digital service that is made available to the public shall— (1) review each website or digital service; and (2) submit to Congress a report that includes— (A) a list of the websites and digital services maintained by the executive agency that are most viewed or utilized by the public or are oth-erwise important for public engagement; (B) from among the websites and digital serv-ices listed under subparagraph (A), a prioritization of websites and digital services that require modernization to meet the require-ments under subsection (a); and (C) an estimation of the cost and schedule of modernizing the websites and digital services prioritized under subparagraph (B). (c) I
NTERNAL DIGITAL SERVICES .—The head of each executive agency shall ensure, to the great-est extent practicable, that any Intranet estab-lished after the date of enactment of this Act conforms to the requirements described in sub-section (a). (d) P
UBLIC REPORTING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and every year thereafter for 4 years, the head of each executive agency shall— (1) report annually to the Director on the progress of the executive agency in imple-menting the requirements described in this sec-tion for the previous year; and (2) include the information described in para-graph (1) in a publicly available report that is required under another provision of law. (e) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED STATES  W
EBSITE STANDARDS .—Any website of an execu-tive agency that is made available to the public after the date of enactment of this Act shall be in compliance with the website standards of the Technology Transformation Services of the Gen-eral Services Administration. 
SEC. 4. DIGITIZATION OF GOVERNMENT SERV-ICES AND FORMS. 
(a) N ON-DIGITAL SERVICES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall issue guidance to the head of each executive agency that establishes a process for the executive agency to— (1) identify public non-digital, paper-based, or in-person Government services; and (2) include in the budget request of the execu-tive agency— (A) a list of non-digital services with the greatest impact that could be made available to the public through an online, mobile-friendly, digital service option in a manner that decreases cost, increases digital conversion rates, and im-proves customer experience; and (B) an estimation of the cost and schedule as-sociated with carrying out the modernization described in subparagraph (A). (b) S
ERVICES REQUIRED TO BEDIGITAL .—The head of each executive agency shall regularly review public-facing applications and services to ensure that those applications and services are, to the greatest extent practicable, made avail-able to the public in a digital format. (c) F
ORMS REQUIRED TO BEDIGITAL .—Not later than 2 years after the enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency shall en-sure that any paper based form that is related to serving the public is made available in a dig-ital format that meets the requirements de-scribed in section 3(a). (d) NON-DIGITIZABLE PROCESSES .—If the head of an executive agency cannot make available in a digital format under this section an in-person Government service, form, or paper-based proc-ess, the head of the executive agency shall docu-ment— (1) the title of the in-person Government serv-ice, form, or paper-based process; (2) a description of the in-person Government service, form, or paper-based process; (3) each unit responsible for the in-person Government service, form, or paper-based proc-ess and the location of each unit in the organi-zational hierarchy of the executive agency; (4) any reasons why the in-person Govern-ment service, form, or paper-based process can-not be made available under this section; and (5) any potential solutions that could allow the in-person Government service, form, or paper-based process to be made available under this section, including the implementation of ex-isting technologies, procedural changes, regu-latory changes, and legislative changes. (e) P
HYSICAL AVAILABILITY .—Each executive agency shall maintain an accessible method of completing digital services through in-person, paper-based, or other means, such that individ-uals without the ability to use digital services are not deprived of or impeded in access to those digital services. 
SEC. 5. ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each execu-tive agency shall submit to the Director and the appropriate congressional committees a plan to accelerate the use of electronic signatures stand-ards established under the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq.). 
SEC. 6. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE AND DIGITAL SERVICE DELIVERY. 
The Chief Information Officer of each execu-tive agency, or a designee, shall— (1) coordinate and ensure alignment of the in-ternal and external customer experience pro-grams and strategy of the executive agency; (2) coordinate with the management leaders of the executive agency, including the head of the executive agency, the Chief Financial Officer, and any program manager, to ensure proper funding to support the implementation of this Act; (3) continually examine the digital service de-livery strategy of the executive agency to the public and submit recommendations to the head of the executive agency providing guidance and best practices suitable to the mission of the exec-utive agency; (4) using qualitative and quantitative data ob-tained from across the executive agency relating to the experience and satisfaction of customers, identify areas of concern that need improvement and improve the delivery of customer service; (5) coordinate and ensure, with the approval of the head of the executive agency, compliance by the executive agency with section 3559 of title 44, United States Code; and (6) to the extent practicable, coordinate with other agencies and seek to maintain as much standardization and commonality with other agencies as practicable in implementing the re-quirements of this Act, to best enable future transitions to centralized shared services. 
SEC. 7. STANDARDIZATION. 
(a) D ESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION .—Each exec-utive agency shall, to the extent practicable, seek to maintain as much standardization and commonality with other executive agencies as practicable in implementing the requirements of this Act to best enable future transitions to cen-tralized shared services. (b) C
OORDINATION .—The Chief Information Officer of each executive agency, or a designee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.056 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9721 November 29, 2018 
shall coordinate the implementation of the re-quirements of this Act, including the develop-ment of standards and commonalities. (c) F
EDERAL SUPPLY SCHEDULE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The General Services Admin-istration shall make available under a Federal Supply Schedule the systems and services nec-essary to fulfill the requirements of this Act. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Federal Supply Schedule described in paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable, ensure interoperability be-tween executive agencies, compliance with in-dustry standards, and adherence to best prac-tices for design, accessibility, and information security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5759 introduced by Congressman K
HANNA of California. The U.S. Federal Customer Experi-ence Index measures citizen inter-actions with the Federal Government. The 2018 index gave Federal agencies failing scores. Citizens deserve and ex-pect better from their government. H.R. 5759, the 21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act, or 21st Century IDEA, requires agencies to modernize their websites and digital services. 21st Century IDEA takes a systematic ap-proach to modernizing websites, serv-ices, and forms, so as not to unduly burden agencies. New and redesigned agency websites will have to meet modernization re-quirements, such as being searchable, customizable, and secure. b1745 Meanwhile, each agency will survey and create a plan for updating its exist-ing websites and digital services, prioritizing those that are used most by the public. Agencies will also digitize forms so that electronic signa-tures may be used. All these mod-ernization efforts will improve our con-stituents’ experiences when interacting with Federal agencies. The bill is supported by the Informa-tion Technology Industry Council; The Software Alliance; Adobe; Information Technology and Innovation Founda-tion; Software & Information Industry Association; ServiceNow; CompTIA; and Microsoft. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman K
HANNA and Congressman R ATCLIFFE  for introducing this important piece of legislation, and to all of the cosponsors on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the 21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act, and I thank my friend and colleague, Representative RO K
HANNA , for his bipartisan work on this important bill. This bill will require agencies to modernize their public-facing websites and increase the types of services and forms available to the public in a dig-ital format. Improving the capabilities of agency websites available to the public is es-sential to ensuring that the Federal Government continues to meet the de-mands of today’s citizens. This bill would help to achieve that goal by re-quiring agencies to make long overdue improvements to the websites and dig-ital services they provide for the public’s benefit. For example, the bill would require that any new or redesigned website be accessible to people with disabilities, offer search functions to allow users to more easily find specific content, and use data-driven analysis to ensure that users’ needs are being adequately ad-dressed. This bill also would mandate that within 2 years of enactment, agencies provide the public with the option of completing any transactions by means of an online, mobile-friendly, digital format. In other words, on their phones. Finally, the bill would require agen-cies to submit to both the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a report on the progress being made in implementing the bill’s requirements. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of California (Mr. K
HANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the IDEA Act that Rep-resentative J
OHN RATCLIFFE and I in-troduced. The idea behind this act is very sim-ple. I represent Silicon Valley. Compa-nies in the private sector in Silicon Valley have very sophisticated websites that make it really easy for consumers to use those websites. There is no reason that the United States Government shouldn’t have websites that are as user friendly and easy to use. This bill will require our agencies to be as user friendly to citizens as the private sector is for consumers. This bill would never have taken place if it wasn’t for bipartisan leader-ship. I want to particularly recognize Chairman W
ILLHURD, who not only helped with this, but gave me advice on how to draft the bill, and, of course, Ranking Member R
OBIN KELLY . I also want to recognize J
OHNRATCLIFFE for his extraordinary work; Senator ROB P
ORTMAN , who has moved this in the Senate; and Matt Lira at the White House Office of American Innovation, who has been instrumental in this. It shows that the Congress can work to bring modern technology into govern-ment. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues and Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5759: the 21st Century Inte-grated Digital Experience Act—also known as the ‘‘21st Century IDEA.’’ Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank my col-league, Representative R
OKHANNA , for his leadership on this important legislation This bill is bipartisan. Because if there’s one thing we can and should agree on—it’s the federal government’s duty and obligation to serving the American people as best we can. It’s been a privilege to co-lead on this effort to help make sure we do a better job. We all know that there’s a lot of room for improvement when it comes to meeting the needs of the constituents we were sent here to serve. But the 21st Century IDEA homes in on a particular area where our federal government lags staggeringly behind: digital modernization and technology. Why’s this such a big issue? Because it’s hurting our ability to ensure folks get timely and efficient help from agencies like the IRS or VA. And even though the technology we need to mitigate this problem is already available–we aren’t using it. But as times change, and as citizens’ needs transform, it’s our job to ensure we evolve the services we provide. In today’s world, this means ensuring that when citizens engage with the government, that interaction mirrors other modern, cost-ef-fective experiences in their everyday lives. With everything from hailing a cab, buying groceries, or ordering a pizza, we’ve shifted away from phone calls, walk-ins, or pickups, toward online orders and mobile apps that save us time and, often, money. The same is true when it comes to federal agencies: Digitization increases the quality of service, promotes efficiency, and improves cost-effectiveness. In fact, recent data from the IRS shows that it costs an agency about $42 to help a customer on the telephone, and about $54 to respond to letters sent through the mail. The same assistance costs only 22 cents when conducted online. The 21st Century IDEA takes steps to cata-pult our federal government into the 21st Cen-tury by requiring specific efficiency-boosting and cost-saving improvements to government websites and digital services. These improvements include, for example, ensuring that consumers can connect to gov-ernment sites through a secure connection, that sites offer search functions, that sites pro-vide consumers a personalization option, and that sites consolidate redundant material 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.018 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9722 November 29, 2018 
These changes will be overseen by a respon-sible agency official to ensure compliance. On top of this, agencies will be required to make paper-based forms available digitally within one year, to provide a digital option as an alternative to in-person government serv-ices within two years, to submit a plan to in-crease the use of electronic signatures on contracts and related documents within 180 days, and to modernize their public-facing websites within one year. Consumers will no longer be required to print and fill out forms that must then be either faxed or mailed in. These digital improvements will drastically improve the way our federal agencies provide critical services to folks all across the country, including people with disabilities or those who live in rural areas with limited access to tradi-tional, in-person assistance services all while saving countless taxpayer dollars. I cannot stress it enough that the federal government is supposed to work for the Amer-ican people. And we owe it to them to do a better job. The tools we need to restore the United States’ global leadership in technology and digital government are already at our finger-tips. Now it’s time to act. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on H.R. 5759: the 21st Century Integrated Digital Ex-perience Act. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 5759, the 21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act of 2018. This bipartisan legislation, which was reported out of the House Oversight and Government Re-form Committee by voice vote, seeks to mod-ernize and improve the delivery of citizen fac-ing and internal digital services by government agencies. This legislation builds on the Connected Government Act that I authored and which was signed into law last year. Like the Con-nected Government Act, the 21st Century IDEA requires federal agency websites to be mobile friendly and secure by providing citi-zens with an improved customer experience. The bill requires agencies to upgrade their on-line experiences, provide a digital, mobile friendly option for any paper-based form, re-quires a plan for the expanded use of elec-tronic signatures, and establishes federal agency chief information officers as the re-sponsible officials inside the federal govern-ment for carrying out these requirements. All critical factors in improving customer experi-ence. American citizens deserve and expect a modern, cost effective digital experience when interacting with the federal government. Re-cent data from the IRS shows that in-person or live assistance calls to the agency cost tax-payers between $40 and $60 on average, while digital transactions cost only $0.22 on average. A recent 2017 Forrester Research study on Federal Customer Experience Index also found that, ‘‘federal websites and mobile apps still offer experiences that are worse than those provided by nondigital channels like physical locations and call centers.’’ The need for enhanced citizen-facing digital serv-ice delivery is clear and will dramatically drive down the cost of government operations and improve customer experience. Restoring the United States Government’s global leadership in technology and digital government requires a new approach. To that end, H.R. 5759 is needed to modernize fed-eral agency websites, support the increased use of mobile devices, transition away from paper-based forms and in-person transactions and bring the U.S. government into the 21st Century. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5759, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT INFOR-MATION DATABASE ACT OF 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6777) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of settlement agreements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6777 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Settlement Agreement Information Database Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. INFORMATION REGARDING SETTLEMENT AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENTS .—Chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 307. Information regarding settlement agreements ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘local government’ has the meaning given that term in section 6501 of title 31. ‘‘(2) O
RDER TYPE .—The term ‘order type’ means the type of action or instrument used to settle a civil or criminal judicial action. ‘‘(3) S
ETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘settlement agreement’ means a settlement agreement (including a consent decree) that— ‘‘(A) is entered into by an Executive agen-cy; and ‘‘(B) relates to an alleged violation of Fed-eral civil or criminal law. ‘‘(4) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, each territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized Indian Tribe. ‘‘(b) S
ETTLEMENT AGREEMENT INFORMATION  D
ATABASE .— ‘‘(1) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the head of each Executive agency shall, in accordance with guidance issued pursuant to paragraph (2), submit the following infor-mation to the database established under paragraph (3): ‘‘(i) A list of each settlement agreement, in a categorized and searchable format, entered into by the Executive agency, as a party to a lawsuit, which shall include, for each set-tlement agreement— ‘‘(I) the order type of the settlement agree-ment; ‘‘(II) the date on which the parties entered into the settlement agreement; ‘‘(III) a list of specific violations that specify the basis for the action taken, with a description of the claims each party settled under the settlement agreement; ‘‘(IV) the amount of attorneys’ fees and other litigation costs awarded, if any, in-cluding a description of the statutory basis for such an award; ‘‘(V) the amount each party settling a claim under the settlement agreement is ob-ligated to pay under the settlement agree-ment; ‘‘(VI) the total amount the settling parties are obligated to pay under the settlement agreement; ‘‘(VII) the amount, if any, the settling party is obligated to pay that is expressly specified under the settlement agreement as a civil or criminal penalty or fine; ‘‘(VIII) any payment made under the set-tlement agreement, including a description of any payment made to the Federal Govern-ment; ‘‘(IX) the projected duration of the settle-ment agreement, if available; ‘‘(X) a list of State or local governments that may be directly affected by the terms of the settlement agreement; ‘‘(XI) a brief description of any economic data and methodology used to justify the terms of the settlement agreement; ‘‘(XII) any modifications to the settlement agreement, when applicable; ‘‘(XIII) notice and comments, when appli-cable; and ‘‘(XIV) whether the settlement agreement is still under judicial enforcement and any period of time by which the parties agreed to have certain conditions met. ‘‘(ii) A copy of each— ‘‘(I) settlement agreement entered into by the Executive agency; and ‘‘(II) statement issued under paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) NONDISCLOSURE .—The requirement to submit information or a copy of a settlement agreement under subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the extent the information or copy (or portion thereof)— ‘‘(i) is subject to a confidentiality provi-sion that prohibits disclosure of the informa-tion or copy (or portion thereof); and ‘‘(ii) would not be disclosed under section 552, if the Executive agency provides a cita-tion to the applicable exemption. ‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION OF RESPONSIBLE AGEN -
CY.—In a case in which an Executive agency is acting at the request or on behalf of an-other Executive agency (referred to as the originating agency), the originating agency is responsible for submitting information under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue guid-ance for Executive agencies to implement paragraph (1). Such guidance shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Specific dates by which submissions must be made, not less than twice a year. ‘‘(B) Data standards, including common data elements and a common, nonpropri-etary, searchable, machine-readable, plat-form independent format. ‘‘(C) A requirement that the information and documents required under paragraph (1) are publicly available for a period starting on the date of the settlement through not less than 5 years after the termination of the settlement agreement. ‘‘(3) E
STABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .—The Di- rector of the Office of Management and Budget, or the head of an Executive agency designated by the Director, shall establish and maintain a public, searchable, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.019 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9723 November 29, 2018 
downloadable database for Executive agen-cies to directly upload and submit the infor-mation and documents required under para-graph (1) for immediate publication online. ‘‘(4) S
TATEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY .—If the head of an Executive agency determines that a confidentiality provision in a settle-ment agreement, or the sealing of a settle-ment agreement, is required to protect the public interest of the United States, the head of the Executive agency may except the set-tlement agreement from the requirement in paragraph (1) and shall issue a written public statement stating why such action is re-quired to protect the public interest of the United States, which shall explain— ‘‘(A) what interests confidentiality pro-tects; and ‘‘(B) why the interests protected by con-fidentiality outweigh the public’s interest in knowing about the conduct of the Federal Government and the expenditure of Federal resources.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘307. Information regarding settlement agreements.’’. (c) D
EADLINE TOESTABLISH DATABASE .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue guidance required by section 307(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), and establish the settlement agreement information database required by section 307(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (d) D
EADLINE FOR FIRST SUBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the Director issues guidance under section 307(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the head of each Executive agency (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code) shall begin submitting information to the database established under such section 307. 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO THE FREEDOM OF IN-FORMATION ACT. 
Section 552(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (C) through (F), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) each settlement agreement (as defined in section 307) entered into by an Executive agency, with redactions for information that the agency may withhold under paragraph (8) and subsections (b) and (c) of this sec-tion;’’. 
SEC. 4. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to re-quire the disclosure of information or records that any agency may properly with-hold from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’). 
SEC. 5. EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY. 
This Act shall be effective 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply— (1) with respect to any settlement agree-ment (as such term is defined in section 307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by section 2), entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) to the extent practicable, any such set-tlement agreement (as such term is defined in section 307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by section 2) that remains in effect on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6777, introduced by Congress-man P
ALMER of Alabama. Transparency and public participa-tion are critical to maintaining the public’s trust in its government. Since the 1970s, however, Federal agencies have increasingly resolved litigation by entering into consent decrees and other legally binding settlement agree-ments rather than through a public trial. These agreements were often nego-tiated behind closed doors. Secret ne-gotiations prevent the public from holding the Federal Government ac-countable for decisions made without their input. States, local governments, industry stakeholders, and taxpayers are often directly affected by the agreements, but are shut out of the negotiations. For example, a consent decree entered into by the Environmental Protection Agency required the city of Fort Smith, Arkansas to reform its sewer systems in 12 years. Sewer utility bills increased by 167 percent in 3 years to fund the obligations of the agreement, while residents’ incomes simulta-neously decreased by 11 percent. Due to poor recordkeeping, it is im-possible for Congress and the public to determine the full cost of Federal set-tlement agreements. Most of the public’s access to Federal settlement agreement information is currently de-termined by individual agency discre-tion, usually issued in the form of a press release. Further, heads of agencies can de-clare a settlement confidential and seal the contents of the agreement without providing any explanation. The Settlement Agreement Informa-tion Database Act seeks to correct this problem by shining light on the details of Federal settlement agreements. The bill requires the establishment of an electronic and publicly-available data-base of agencies’ settlement agree-ments. It requires Federal agencies to enter basic information about settle-ment agreements into the database. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense transparency bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this common-sense bill. The Settlement Agreement Information Database Act would create a database of settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies that relate to alleged violations of Federal, civil, or criminal law. The Office of Management and Budg-et would manage this database and set deadlines for submission. The heads of executive agencies would be required to submit details about the types of settlement agreements, parties in-volved in the settlements, specific vio-lations, and the dates on which the set-tlement agreements were entered into. The information about the settle-ment agreements would remain public until 5 years after the termination of the agreements. The information with-in the agreements would remain sub-ject to FOIA regulations. But if the head of the agencies decided to keep an entire agreement confidential, he or she would be required to submit an ex-planation of that action to the data-base. This bill would improve the trans-parency surrounding settlement agree-ments, which in the past have been dif-ficult for the public to access. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any fur-ther speakers, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6777. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL CIO AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6901) to amend chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, to make certain changes relating to electronic Govern-ment services, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal CIO Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CHANGES RELATING TO ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT SERVICES. 
(a) C HANGE OF CERTAIN NAMES IN CHAPTER  36 
OFTITLE 44.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3601 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.020 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9724 November 29, 2018 
(A) by striking paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (1) through (7), re-spectively; and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘E–Government Fund’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Federal IT Fund’’. (2) O
FFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— Section 3602 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
OFFICE OF  
ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OF-
FICE OF THE FEDERAL CHIEF INFORMATION OFFI -
CER’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; (C) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘an Administrator’’ and in-serting ‘‘a Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; and (ii) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and who shall report di-rectly to the Director’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (E) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (F) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (G) in subsection (f)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Administrator’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘E–Gov-ernment Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal IT Fund’’; (iii) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(18) Oversee the Federal Chief Informa-tion Security Officer.’’; and (H) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’. (3) C
HIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL .— Section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (4) E–G
OVERNMENT FUND .—Section 3604 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
E–GOVERN -
MENT FUND ’’ and inserting ‘‘ FEDERAL IT  
FUND ’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘E–Govern-ment Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal IT Fund’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Electronic Gov-ernment’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (5) PROGRAM TO ENCOURAGE INNOVATIVE SO -
LUTIONS TO ENHANCE ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT  
SERVICES AND PROCESSES .—Section 3605 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, the Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Federal Chief Information Officer,’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Of-ficer’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘proposals submitted to the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘proposals submitted to the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘the Administrator’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘E–Government Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal IT Fund’’. (6) E–G
OVERNMENT REPORT .—Section 3606 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ E–Govern- ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Annual’’ ; and (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an E– Government status report to the Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Government Reform of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘a report to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives’’. (7) T
REATMENT OF INCUMBENT .—The indi-vidual serving as the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government under sec-tion 3602 of title 44, United States Code, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, may continue to serve as the Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer commencing as of that date, without further appointment under such sec-tion. (8) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Electronic Gov-ernment in any law, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Fed-eral Chief Information Officer. (9) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS FOR CHAPTER 36 OF 
TITLE 44.—The table of sections for chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, is amend-ed— (i) by striking the item relating to section 3602 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3602. Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer.’’; (ii) by striking the item relating to section 3604 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3604. Federal IT Fund.’’; and (iii) in the item relating to section 3606, by striking ‘‘E–Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Annual’’. (B) P
RESIDENTIAL INNOVATION FELLOWS PRO -
GRAM ADVISORY BOARD .—Section 3172(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government of the Office of Man-agement and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (C) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral Chief Information Officer’’. (D) TABLE OF SECTIONS FOR CHAPTER 5 OF 
TITLE 31.—The table of sections for chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 507 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘507. Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer.’’. (E) O
FFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— Section 507 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
OFFICE OF  
ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OF-
FICE OF THE FEDERAL CHIEF INFORMATION OFFI -
CER’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘The Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (F) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  
OFFICERS AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY  
COUNCIL .—Section 1126(b)(3)(A)(i)(II) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Fed-eral Chief Information Officer’’. (G) E
LECTRONIC GOVERNMENT AND INFORMA -
TION TECHNOLOGIES .—Section 305 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Fed-eral Chief Information Officer’’. (H) C
APITAL PLANNING AND INVESTMENT  
CONTROL .—Section 11302(c)(4) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (I) R
ESOURCES , PLANNING , AND PORTFOLIO  
MANAGEMENT .—Section 11319(d) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (J) E–G
OVERNMENT ACT OF 2002.—Section 207(f)(3)(C) of the E–Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF CHIEF INFORMATION  S
ECURITY OFFICER AND REPORT ON IT E X-
PENDITURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sections: ‘‘§ 3607. Federal Chief Information Security Officer ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Office of Management and Budget a Federal Chief Information Security Officer, who shall— ‘‘(1) be appointed by the President; ‘‘(2) be within the Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer; and ‘‘(3) report directly to the Federal Chief In-formation Officer. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Federal Chief Informa-tion Security Officer shall— ‘‘(1) direct the cybersecurity efforts of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(2) carry out the duties of the Director re-lated to the security of information and in-formation systems for agencies, including the duties and responsibilities assigned to the Director under subchapter II of chapter 35; and ‘‘(3) carry out such other duties and powers assigned by the President, the Director, or the Federal Chief Information Officer. ‘‘§ 3608. Technology investment planning and oversight process ‘‘(a) R
EPORT ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  E
XPENDITURES .—The head of each agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.037 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9725 November 29, 2018 
shall submit to the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer a report on any expenditure on information technology by that agency. ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Director shall establish a process to implement subsection (a), and may update such process, as nec-essary, that shall— ‘‘(1) use a widely accepted industry stand-ard taxonomy with common data elements and definitions; and ‘‘(2) display, on a website accessible to the public, timely, searchable, computer-read-able data on the information technology ex-penditures, projects, and programs of agen-cies, if such information would otherwise be subject to public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘3607. Federal Chief Information Security Of-ficer. ‘‘3608. Technology investment planning and oversight process.’’. (3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall establish the process de-scribed in section 3608(b) of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). (4) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer shall submit to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the status of establishing the process described in section 3608(b) of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3. PROPOSAL RELATED TO SHARED SERV-ICES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Chief Information Officer shall submit to Congress a proposal for consolidating information technology across the Federal Government, especially among Federal agencies not re-ferred to under section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code, and increasing the use of shared services, including any recommenda-tions for legislative changes that may be necessary to effect the proposal. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise author-ized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6901, introduced by Congress-man WILLHURDof Texas. The Federal CIO Authorization Act is a bipartisan measure to modernize leg-acy Federal technology policy. The Office of Electronic Government was established by the E-Government Act of 2002. The head of this office is commonly referred to as the Federal Chief Information Officer, or Federal CIO. This bill authorizes and renames the Office of Electronic Government as the Office of the Federal CIO. Codifying the position of the Federal CIO emphasizes the importance of the role to the for-mation of government-wide technology policy. Under this bill, the Federal CIO will report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. The bill also codifies the position of Federal Chief Information Security Of-ficer, under the direction of the Fed-eral CIO. The bill promotes cost-efficient and secure technology use throughout the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support the bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Federal CIO Au-thorization Act would make several commonsense changes to existing law. First, it would update the name of the Administrator for E-Government to the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer and require that individual to re-port directly to the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget. Second, it would establish the posi-tion of Federal Chief Information Secu-rity Officer, who would report to the Federal CIO and assist OMB in its cy-bersecurity efforts. Finally, the bill would require the Federal CIO to submit a proposal on consolidating IT across Federal agen-cies, especially smaller agencies, through the use of shared services. Mr. Speaker, I urge every Member in this Congress to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, it should come as no surprise to anyone in this Chamber that technology is integrated into every facet of our daily lives. We have come a long way since the bill that established the role of the Federal Chief Information Officer, the E-Gov-ernment Act, when it was originally passed. Less than 50 percent of the U.S. popu-lation had access to the internet in 2001. Nearly every American now has access to the internet. Just 62 percent of Americans had cell phones when the original bill passed. Now 95 percent of Americans own cell phones and 77 percent own smartphones. Mobile apps were non-existent in 2002. Today, over 2.2 million apps are available to consumers. This bill recognizes how far tech-nology has come. It codifies the posi-tion of the Federal CIO and elevates the office to report directly to the head of the Office of Management and Budg-et. This bill establishes the role of the Federal CISO, the Chief Information Security Officer, who reports to the CIO and leads OMB’s cybersecurity ef-forts. Empowering CIOs at the Federal agencies is consistent with the prin-ciples of the Federal IT Acquisition Re-form Act and the Federal CIO should not be treated differently. b1800 $90 billion is spent on purchasing IT goods and services. Eighty percent of that is on old, outdated technology. We need a strong Federal CIO to make sure American taxpayer dollars are being spent wisely. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friends, my colleagues—MARK MEAD-
OWS from North Carolina; G ERRY CON-
NOLLY from Virginia; my partner in crime on the Information Technology Subcommittee, my good friend, R
OBIN K
ELLY from Illinois; and also B RENDA  L
AWRENCE from Michigan—for showing the American people that bipartisan-ship actually happens up here in Wash-ington, D.C., in order to make sure we are keeping Americans safe. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6901, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
TILDEN VETERANS POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1207) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’, with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.037 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9726 November 29, 2018 
the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
On page 2, line 1, strike øSPECIALIST¿. 
Mr. COMER (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PLEASANTON VETERANS POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1210) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Good-win Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1210 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PLEASANTON VETERANS POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENCINAL VETERANS POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1211) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1211 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ENCINAL VETERANS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Encinal Vet-erans Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CAPTAIN HUMAYUN KHAN POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3184) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCor-mick Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3184 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CAPTAIN HUMAYUN KHAN POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Vir-ginia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SGT. JOSH RODGERS POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4326) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1211 Towanda Avenue in Bloomington, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4326 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SGT. JOSH RODGERS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1211 Towanda Avenue in Bloomington, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COMER  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 1, beginning on line 5, strike ‘‘1211 Towanda Avenue in Bloomington, Illinois’’ and insert ‘‘200 West North Street in Normal, Illinois’’. 
Mr. COMER (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 200 West North Street in Normal, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT ALEXANDRIA GLEASON-MORROW POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5395) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason- Morrow Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5395 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAFF SERGEANT ALEXANDRIA GLEASON-MORROW POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.065 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9727 November 29, 2018 
known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason-Morrow Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexan-dria Gleason-Morrow Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ARMY SPECIALIST JOSE L. RUIZ POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5412) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5412 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ARMY SPECIALIST JOSE L. RUIZ POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Army Spe-cialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SERGEANT DAVID KINTERKNECHT POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6216) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6216 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SERGEANT DAVID KINTERKNECHT POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPUTY SHERIFF DEREK GEER POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6217) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6217 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEPUTY SHERIFF DEREK GEER POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building.’’ (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LANCE CORPORAL JUANA NAVARRO ARELLANO POST OF-FICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6405) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6405 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LANCE CORPORAL JUANA NAVARRO ARELLANO POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Lance Cor-poral Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FRANK LEONE POST OFFICE ACT Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6428) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6428 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FRANK LEONE POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jer-sey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Of-fice’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JUDGE JAMES E. HORTON, JR. POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6513) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Athens, Alabama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.030 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9728 November 29, 2018 
Office Building’’, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6513 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JUDGE JAMES E. HORTON, JR. POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Athens, Alabama, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Judge James E. Hor-ton, Jr. Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAJOR HOMER L. PEASE POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6621) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Of-fice’’, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6621 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAJOR HOMER L. PEASE POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Ten-nessee, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JAMES MARSHALL ‘‘JIMI’’ HENDRIX POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6628) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 North-east 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6628 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JAMES MARSHALL ‘‘JIMI’’ HENDRIX POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Build-ing’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JANET LUCILLE OILAR POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6655) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 44160 State Highway 299 East Suite 1 in McArthur, California, as the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JANET LUCILLE OILAR POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 44160 State Highway 299 East Suite 1 in McArthur, California, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider is laid on the table. 
f 
PATRICK E. MAHANY, JR., POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6831) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 35 West Main Street in Frisco, Colorado, as the ‘‘Pat-rick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Build-ing’’, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6831 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PATRICK E. MAHANY, JR., POST OF-FICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 35 West Main Street in Frisco, Colorado, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Patrick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Patrick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider is laid on the table. 
f 
OLLIE M. JAMES POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6838) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 128 East Car-lisle Street in Marion, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Ollie M. James Post Office Build-ing’’, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6838 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. OLLIE M. JAMES POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 128 East Carlisle Street in Marion, Kentucky, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Ollie M. James Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Ollie M. James Post Office Building’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider is laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.077 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9729 November 29, 2018 
b1815 CAPTAIN MATTHEW J. AUGUST POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (S. 3414) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Of-fice’’, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3414 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CAPTAIN MATTHEW J. AUGUST POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Cap-tain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ARLA W. HARRELL POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (S. 3442) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3442 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ARLA W. HARRELL POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Arla W. Har-rell Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in following order: Adoption of House Resolution 1160; The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 7187; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 1160) pro-viding for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh Na-tional Military Park located in Ten-nessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 219, nays 181, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 423] YEAS—219 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.084 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9730 November 29, 2018 
NOT VOTING—32 
Barletta Beyer Black Blackburn Buchanan Davis, Danny DesJarlais Ellison Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Jones (NC) Keating Knight Labrador Lipinski Maloney, Sean Messer Newhouse Noem Nolan Polis Rice (NY) Ruppersberger Simpson Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1854 Mr. MORELLE, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Messrs. GONZALEZ of Texas, DELANEY, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. DENHAM and BARTON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM FURTHER EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7187) to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until Decem-ber 7, 2018, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 350, nays 46, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 424] YEAS—350 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Wild Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—46 
Amash Banks (IN) Barton Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Conaway Davidson Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Flores Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Gosar Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Johnson, Sam Jordan Lesko Massie McClintock Mooney (WV) Norman Palmer Pearce Ratcliffe Rokita Ross Royce (CA) Sanford Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stewart Tenney Thornberry Walker Wenstrup Williams Yoho NOT VOTING—36 
Barletta Beyer Black Blackburn Blumenauer Buchanan Davis, Danny DesJarlais Ellison Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Issa Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Knight Labrador Lipinski Maloney, Sean Messer Newhouse Noem Nolan Polis Rice (NY) Ruppersberger Simpson Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1904 Ms. FOXX changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. VARGAS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
THANKING 16TH AND 17TH DIS-TRICTS OF FLORIDA, STAFF, FAMILY (Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this is the last time I will have the privilege to address this body. It has been an honor to serve the peo-ple of Florida’s 16th and 17th Districts over the last 10 years. I am eternally grateful for the trust that the people of Florida’s heartland bestowed upon me to be their voice in the United States Congress for the last five terms. I would not have been able to do this job without the great work of my staff both here in Washington, D.C., and back in Florida. Thank you, Team Roo-ney. Thanks always to the love and sup-port of my family: my mom and dad; my brothers and sisters, Pat, Joe, Su-zanne, Terry, Chris, Molly, and Brian; and, most importantly, to my wife, Tara; and my sons, Tommy, Jr., Sean Patrick, and Seamus. I will be home soon. I love you guys. 
f 
HONORING RAED FARES (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.043 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9731 November 29, 2018 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I am here this evening to honor Raed Fares, a hero who I had the opportunity to meet right here in the Capitol some months ago. He was shot and killed in Idlib, Syria, last week by two gunmen, likely al-Qaida affiliates. Raed founded ‘‘Radio Fresh’’ to give Syrians a source for unbiased reporting other than that of the extremists and the Assad regime. He trained journal-ists and organized community services and events with the goal of empow-ering civil society. His work made him the target of the Assad regime, al- Nusrah, and ISIS many times, but he refused to back down. Raed was killed because of his brav-ery. His work mattered. His life mattered. Raed’s death must remind each of us that the Syrian people are fighting for their lives. In the words of Raed: ‘‘Freedom is an idea, and an idea cannot die.’’ 
f 
HONORING NEEDVILLE HIGH SCHOOL BLUE JAYS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, 2017 was an amazing year for the Needville High School Blue Jays. The Lady Jays won the Texas State 4A championship. They lost over one-half of their team in 2018. The naysayers said there was no way the Needville Blue Jays will play for the State title in 2018. The naysayers never talked to Rockie, Evan, Meghan, Treasure, Samantha, Anna, Baley, Madison, Samia, Maddy, Kaitlyn, Tori, or Coach Amy Schultz. The Lady Jays knew they would play the State finals in 2018, and they did just that. Last week, their season ended with a record of 41–9 and the Texas 4A State runner-up. The Lady Jays were a true team. They put their heart and soul on the line for their hometown of Needville. It is a town we all love. Needville is proud of our girls. We will see the naysayers next year at the 2019 State championships. 
f 
CONDEMN RUSSIAN NAVAL AGGRESSION (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as co- chair of the Ukrainian Caucus, I rise to strongly condemn Russia’s dangerous assault on Ukrainian ships in the Kerch Strait. Russia’s blockade of Ukrainian ports should alarm the world. As Russian dictator Vladimir Putin attempts to tighten his bloody, illegit-imate grip on the Crimean peninsula and his ill will on the people of Ukraine, the free world cannot sit back and watch. Crimea and its surrounding waters belong to the people of Ukraine. No amount of propaganda can cover Rus-sia’s egregious human rights record in Crimea, including the illegitimate de-tainment of Oleg Sentsov. We stand shoulder to shoulder with the international community and our NATO allies in our unshakeable com-mitment to Ukraine’s sovereignty and freedom. We stand in steadfast soli-darity with the Ukrainian people. Rus-sia must understand that its actions have consequences. We must not hesitate to work with our European allies to increase sanc-tions on Putin’s cronies to punish this continued, flagrant aggression. We de-mand that Russia withdraw from Cri-mea and Eastern Ukraine. f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN SCARANO (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my dear friend, John Scarano, who recently retired as the executive director of the Herkimer County Chamber of Commerce after 12 years at the helm. John, a native of Little Falls and also a twin, returned to Herkimer County after serving in the U.S. Army for 6 years. Upon his return, John spent 23 years at Mohawk Data Sciences Cor-poration in East Herkimer before his appointment to the chamber in 2006. During his tenure, John has played a pivotal role in revitalization projects, which have made significant contribu-tions to Herkimer’s budding economy, including the Frankfort 5S South Busi-ness Park, a new Tractor Supply Dis-tribution Center in Frankfurt, the new Heidelberg Bakery facility, and the emergence and support of countless new small businesses. Along with his work at the chamber, John has served on the boards of the Herkimer County Industrial Develop-ment Agency, the Herkimer County Historical Society, and the Herkimer County HealthNet. John is a generous, deeply caring, and honorable person, and I know he will continue to do the best for our community in retirement. John is also one of the most relentlessly fun, enthu-siastic, and patriotic people I have ever known. To my dear friend John Scarano, thank you for your many years of dedi-cated service to our community and our Nation. We are grateful to you, and we wish you the best in retirement. 
f 
b1915 NAFTA 2.0 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row President Trump will claim vic-tory as the United States, Canadian, and Mexican officials gather to sign a replacement for the North American Free Trade Agreement. But let us make no mistake, this is far from a fin-ished deal. Congress has the final say on trade. From where we stand today, what has been called NAFTA 2.0 still requires work to reach standards acceptable to the American people and American workers and companies. How can any President claim this victory the same week General Motors announces the idling of five North American facilities, and as it cuts 15,000 living-wage jobs, including one in Lordstown, Ohio, not even counting the thousands and thousands more jobs that will be lost in the automotive parts sector in our country. What an affront to every promise President Trump has made American manufac-turing towns. Ohio’s trade message to our Nation is as loud and clear as it always has been. The job outsourcing destruction due to the original NAFTA deal, which passed a quarter century ago, over my great objection on this floor, continues to re-verberate across our State and Nation. Now, we just saw at Lordstown, an-other, at that plant, 1,600 General Mo-tors jobs, and upwards of 5,000 total job losses when the auto suppliers are counted at just that one facility. Following the original NAFTA’s im-plementation, town after town lost good jobs with good wages and benefits. How many times must America’s towns and workers bear witness to NAFTA’s vast U.S. job outsourcing and wage drag? How many more? Millions have suffered firsthand as dire predictions actualized and the false promises of NAFTA job creation failed to materialize. Instead, they per-sonally experienced the great sucking sound of job outsourcing, just what we said here on this floor back in the early 1990s. Whether GM’s decision was at all in-fluenced by NAFTA 2.0 is irrelevant. American trade deals have far too long allowed corporate America to run rampant over America’s workers as they seek out the penny-wage laborers who can’t afford to buy what they make. I have a couple of charts here that I want to bring to the floor to describe what has been happening across this continent now for a quarter century, and what is upsetting the American people. Millions of U.S. jobs have been oblit-erated year after year, as replacement workers toil and work in unsafe sweat-shops and maquiladoras south of the border exposed to unimaginable toxins. The original NAFTA was supposed to create trade surpluses for the United States. It was supposed to create job growth in the United States. And you know what has happened? Exactly the reverse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.090 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9732 November 29, 2018 
These are the numbers just for the year of 2016. You can see how big the trade deficit is with Mexico, nearly $70 billion and with Canada, $8 billion. Now, that is up fourfold since back in the early nineties, before NAFTA was passed, when we already had a small trade deficit with those countries, but it has just exploded. The original NAFTA fueled massive migration on the Mexican side from their countryside to our Nation as mil-lions upon millions of small farmers’ livelihoods were extinguished in Mex-ico. Mexico’s white corn industry was decimated. Why do you think people fled to the United States? If you were hungry, and you had nothing, and you lived in des-peration, well, you might do the same. What a humanitarian tragedy has been occurring for over a quarter century. And yet, policymakers in the United States and Mexico close their eyes to the human tragedy. Trade with our closest neighbors is never simply a zero-sum game. There have been lots of losers. In fact, our country’s been a loser. Yeah, there are some pockets of transportation jobs down at the border. Anybody would expect that. But over-all, a net loser. And guess what? Under the Trump administration, the red ink is growing. In the nearly 3 decades since NAFTA’s original passage, we have not even had 1 year of balanced trade ac-counts, which is the true measure of whether a trade agreement is success-ful or not. So we look at the Trump trade fig-ures here, going across the months, and you look at the red line. Every month the trade deficit grows, including with Mexico and Canada; not even 1 year of balanced trade accounts, and the num-bers are getting worse. NAFTA provided vivid evidence of a severely-flawed trade agreement that failed America’s workers and commu-nities as plant after plant shuts down. And you know, the sad tragedy is, at Lordstown, the third shift was gone a couple of years ago. But as the second shift left this week, they were told by the GM officials in the plant, these jobs are going to Mexico. Beyond just the NAFTA deficit, all our global trade deficits have ballooned under this administration’s erratic trade and tariff agenda. It makes no sense. General Motors says that one of the reasons they are moving the jobs to Mexico is because of the cost of the Trump tariffs, and that they have had to pay several billion dollars more for steel that goes into making these vehi-cles. Well, you know, in this wake, a mod-ern NAFTA agreement to correct all of the injustices associated with conti-nental trade is long overdue. I have ea-gerly anticipated the release of specific text in this NAFTA 2.0 and strategic agenda from the administration on how President Trump plans to bring jobs back to America. He actually promised that in all the towns that have just gotten these pink slips. He said it in Youngstown. He told the people in Warren, Michigan, that they never had to worry if they voted for him; that they would never have a plant close down. Well, guess what? General Motors is closing down the transmission facility in Warren, Michigan. Thus far, both the trade deficit and the job outsourcing continue to, as the expression goes, go south. These num-bers are going to get much worse for the workers and communities in our country. And the workers in Mexico, since NAFTA’s passage, guess what? Their wages are going down. What kind of a system is this? Anything short of specifics in this redone agreement that will clearly im-prove job prospects for Americans will fall short of Trump’s promises. Mr. Speaker, this is too important a moment to hang America’s economy on faulty assumptions. We, in Congress, not I, but some in Congress, fell for NAFTA in 1994. We can’t let it happen again. The signing of text tomorrow leaves with us a lot of work yet to complete. Let Congress do its job. Has this administration answered the question of whether the job outsourc-ing bonanza that has taken hold since NAFTA’s passage in 1994 has truly been addressed? It is hard to believe that will be the case, given the current news about General Motors; and that is not the only company moving jobs out of this country. Have strong labor standards been in-cluded in NAFTA 2.0 subject to swift and certain enforcement? No. Will corporate interests retain the means to outsource American jobs, to take advantage of rock-bottom Mexi-can wages? Yeah, they will. Will we protect the rights of Ameri-cans to know what is in the food they are feeding their families, or will trade facilitation hold priority over food safety? Congress has to ask, will Americans have access to affordable prescription drugs made in Mexico, or will the new NAFTA further rig the system to delay access to more affordable and safe ge-neric drugs and biosimilars? Globally, will we work to open closed and controlled markets? Will we equalize the negative impact of the value-added tax in our trade agreement? There is nothing in this on that. Will tax policy stop favoring out-sourcing? No, actually the Trump tax bill favored more outsourcing. Democrats look forward to holding hearings and oversight of how these questions will truly impact all of America and America’s workers and communities. We have called on this administration to work with us to reach necessary and substantive achievements. There is a new administration taking power in Mexico itself. We need to lis-ten and work with them. Any new North American trade agreement must raise wages and create a level playing field across the board. The American people are not interested in staged production signing cere-monies. They want a NAFTA deal that is fixed and that will create good-pay-ing jobs in America with benefits you can depend upon and heal the economic injustices suffered for the past 3 dec-ades as people are exploited by institu-tions more powerful than themselves. And if America is going to be the leader of the free world, she has to be the leader in free trade agreements that are fair and offer the opportunity of rising living standards for all people, not harming people, but helping people. Trade is not just about goods, it is about people. We have to put people first. We have to put people at the top of the agenda. We have to put workers at the top of the agenda and treat them for their true worth, and not any longer allow trade deals like NAFTA to hollow them out, to hollow their com-munities out, and to hollow America out. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
BIPARTISAN WORK OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight on behalf of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. Speaker, it has been my great privilege to have the responsibility to chair this committee for the last 6 years. I take no pride on behalf of my-self, but I take a lot of pride in the work that has been done on this com-mittee. A lot of that work, Mr. Speaker, has been bipartisan. And I believe, indeed, that the Financial Services Committee is the hardest-working, most produc-tive committee in the United States House. We have produced more bills; we have had more bills passed on the floor; we have had more bills signed into law than any other committee. I am especially proud of the work that we have done to create more pro- growth economic policy throughout banking and finance, and the passage of S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief and Consumer Protection Act, has meant so much to helping cre-ate more capital to help save our credit unions and community banks, and to really play a part in the unparalleled economic growth that we see in our Nation today. I take great pride in that work on behalf of all our members. b1930 I also take great pride on behalf of our Members for a piece of legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.092 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9733 November 29, 2018 
that modernized the foreign invest-ment in the U.S. The bill is technically known by its acronym, FIRRMA, and it modernizes a regime that had not been modernized in quite some time. Mr. Speaker, so many of us know we have challenges in America today with foreign interests that come in and es-sentially take our intellectual prop-erty, that take our technology, and re-grettably China is one of the prime per-petrators of this. I have had the occa-sion to go to China and meet with their leadership. And I want China to rise, I want them to have economic growth, but not at the expense of the United States of America and not by violating either the letter or the spirit of the WTO, of the World Trade Organization, which we helped them enter a couple of decades ago. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work, especially, done by the gentleman from North Carolina, who is the vice chair-man of our Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance Subcommittee. He was the House leader on this legislation and worked with the senior senator from Texas, J
OHN CORNYN , my friend, to bring this onto the President’s desk that ultimately got signed into law. This was really a revolutionary law dealing with both export controls, for-eign investment in the U.S., and the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. P
ITTENGER , was an early leader. He saw the threat before others saw it. I have had a number of great privi-leges serving as chairman, but one of the greatest privileges is serving with men and women who have vision, who have commitment, who have principle, and that certainly describes the gen-tleman from North Carolina. Regrettably, he and I are both de-parting after this Congress, and that is a bittersweet feeling. I think we both look forward to the next opportunity that we have. Mr. Speaker, I want to yield him some time, because it is important for us to hear from him about the signifi-cance of this legislation and how im-portant it is. I was happy to be in the White House not too long ago to have the President extoll the virtues of this law as well. Mr. Speaker, I will miss his company, I will miss his leadership, and there is no one that I know of who is a greater authority on terrorist finance who is serving in the U.S. Congress today than R
OBERT PITTENGER of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), my friend. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his kind re-marks. I remember the first time we met. It was across the street, and I ap-proached him about wanting to serve on his committee. Little did I know that I was headed back to graduate school. He gave me a binder about 6 inches thick and said: Go study it. I had to look up all the acronyms, about 100 of them, and memorize those to get started. Mr. Speaker, Chairman HENSARLING ’s leadership and the quality of person he is, he got out in front. He enabled us to become leaders, he enabled us to learn, to give focus, direction on important issues relative to the security of this country, relative to the economic free-doms of this country, and for that, I have the deepest sense of gratitude and respect that he empowered us as he led us. That is a great testament and a leg-acy I think that he will carry through-out this United States Congress, and the model that he has been for each of us as we have watched, not just his work ethic, but his character and who he is and how that translated into the public policy for the good of the Amer-ican people. So, Mr. Speaker, let me say in my deepest heart my appreciation and my love for him and his sweet wife and his wonderful kids. What a tribute it was to be there with him yesterday when they unveiled the painting that will go in the Financial Services room, to the accolades of the Vice President and Senator Phil Gramm and so many oth-ers who were there to pay tribute to a great leader for our country. So I thank the chairman. And as Chairman H
ENSARLING spoke to the issues relative to FIRRMA, yes, we have great challenges from nation states who seek to exploit our laws, who have sought to secure proprietary technology for their own interests and objectives, and particularly, as Chair-man H
ENSARLING mentioned, China. China, since 2015, has acquired 50 technology companies, semiconductor companies, many of them a part of our Department of Defense. These are crit-ical companies for our own national se-curity. They have been able to cir-cumvent our laws through joint ven-tures, through minority partnerships to be able to obtain this technology. In fact, on one occasion, Chairman H
ENSARLING and I were coming back from Asia, and we stopped in Anchor-age and we visited our base there, and they showed us the Stealth F–22. And as the general was showing the incred-ible aspects of this remarkable plane, the greatest aircraft we have, he said: By the way, the technology of this plane, the engine was sold to China by GE. Companies have been forced, extorted in a sense, to gain access to Chinese markets. This is wrong. It is morally wrong. It is ethically wrong. It is wrong for our national security. The FIRRMA bill, which Chairman H
ENSARLING recognized and helped pass, it wouldn’t have happened with-out his total commitment and leader-ship. So this country is more secure today because of what passed regarding the FIRRMA bill. The rules will be written over the next year or so. We trust that all that was done will come out and close off these loopholes that have allowed for-eign entities to exploit our Nation’s national security. So this bill and our interests are even more secure as a result of the jobs bill that the chairman has advanced for us today. It does continue to ensure the security against predatory Chinese in-vestments by modernizing our securi-ties laws to reclaim the U.S. IPO mar-ket, all of this as China lays out its blueprint for dominance in the tech in-dustry. This package would also cut down on the regulations that burden our small business community. This is key to continuing the innovation and eco-nomic growth we are seeking today. This tax relief and jobs package would continue the innovation and eco-nomic growth and would allow inves-tors to have legal certainty by allow-ing them to interact with entre-preneurs without fear of securities vio-lation. Furthermore, the cost of initial com-pliance for an IPO filing now exceeds over $2 million. This hinders small businesses that are ready to go public but can’t afford these regulatory costs. So, Mr. Speaker, I commend this bill. JOBS 3.0 would lengthen ‘‘on-ramp’’ exceptions for IPO compliance, helping small business owners navigate one of the most expensive aspects of securi-ties law. It also allows companies to test the waters before going public to help give them time for their IPO to have a bet-ter chance of success. These provisions are vital to encour-age business growth and to reassure the small business community. I strongly encourage the Senate, there-fore, to pass this bill. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, what Chairman HENSARLING has done through this leg-islation has helped give greater finan-cial empowerment and liberty and free-dom to the American people, that is what it is all about today, is freedom. So my gratitude to him for the leader-ship that he has given us. Mr. Speaker, I also want to say a word of thanks to some other folks who I have probably this last moment to address in this Chamber. As Jesse Helms used to say, a wonderful man from North Carolina: That turtle didn’t get up on the fence post by himself. And that is true, I think, for each of us in this Chamber, but I know it is true for this Member of Congress. What I have been able to do, by the grace of God and through the enablement and empowerment of my chairman and others, will hopefully last, but it happened because of people along the way who stood with me, who supported my efforts. Of course, I start with my family. I have the most wonderful family in the world. I have ten grandkids I get to go home to, 10 years and younger. I am Pitto to them, and that is all the world to me, and we have a fun time chasing around. But my team, my staff, enabled me to serve the Ninth Congressional Dis-trict of North Carolina, those people that I love, those eight counties out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.094 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9734 November 29, 2018 
there that I am endeared to, but the people who really helped them were the folks back home in my district, in my office. I speak specifically of Linda Ferster, Chris Sullivan, Jamie Bowers, Graham Long, Robert Becker. They were with me from day one. They stood with me the whole 6 years. Nobody flinched, nobody went anywhere. That team was so incredible. Robert Becker is one of the greatest leaders we have in North Carolina for our veterans. He gets calls from all over the State and he says: What do I do to help this veteran? Linda Ferster has been working these issues in the bureaucracy for 18 years. These are great, faithful people who have stood up for my constituents in my district, and all the good that hap-pened in that district was because of them. And I just gave them a door to say: Go through it and you go serve. And they served like they were mis-sionaries. They love those people. Every day they wake up thinking, who can I help today? You know, whose life can I change in a positive way today? And that is the nature of the service that my team provided, the same type of leadership that I had up here in Washington. My role in FIRRMA just didn’t hap-pen by myself. There are many people on my team up here that supported that effort. Clark Fonda was a great leader for me in that. There are other people outside Congress. Heath Tarbert, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, a remarkable individual who served this country so well over such a key part of what we did in this na-tional security bill on FIRRMA. So my heart is just filled with grati-tude for the privilege of serving the good folks in the Ninth District of North Carolina; my gratitude for the body in this Chamber; my gratitude for being able to serve on the Financial Services Committee under the leader-ship of Chairman H
ENSARLING . It couldn’t be greater. I couldn’t be more fulfilled in the 6 years that I had here. I will always treasure and remember this time. So, Mr. Speaker, I thank you, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING . He is an absolute important friend for me, and I hope we can continue to work together for many years to come. God bless you. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the gentleman for his comments tonight. I hope that there are a fair amount of Americans who are watching this this evening, because they need to know that they owe this gentleman, Mr. P
ITTENGER of North Carolina, a great debt of gratitude. And indeed America is going to be a safer, more secure Na-tion because of his leadership. In his three terms, Mr. Speaker, Mr. P
ITTENGER achieved more in three terms than many Members achieve in ten terms. Many people, unfortunately, come to the People’s House to be somebody. Mr. P
ITTENGER of North Carolina came to do something. And, indeed, don’t just take my word for it, but the President of the United States thinks this is one of the most significant pieces of legislation when it comes to dealing with the threats of those who would take our intellectual property, who would take our tech-nology by hook or crook, or however they might do it. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Mr. PITTENGER for his leadership. I must admit, this was kind of faint on my radar screen, this issue, but among Mr. P
ITTENGER ’s other endear-ing qualities, he is persistent. He is a very persistent individual. And I am glad he was persistent, because it be-came a major piece of legislation. Part of my job as chairman and one of my great privileges is I get to take credit for a lot of other people’s good work. I shouldn’t, I shouldn’t be ac-corded this. And so I get many thanks, but this was a team effort and it was led by Mr. P
ITTENGER . b1945 Other countries are now put on no-tice. We are watching. These rules, as Mr. P
ITTENGER , the gentleman from North Carolina, has said, will be un-veiled in the weeks and months to come. But a new day has dawned for those who think that they are going to take, by hook or crook, our tech-nology. We want our global neighbors to suc-ceed, but, again, not to succeed at our expense. Those applications of tech-nology and intellectual property that have any type of national defense im-plications, that is going to stop, and it is going to stop because of the leader-ship of R
OBERT PITTENGER , the gen-tleman from North Carolina. It has been a great, great source of pride and joy to be associated with him. I will count him as a friend for life. I appreciate the fact that he would come and spend time here. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that his leadership is not done. His leader-ship may be done in this body, but his leadership in fighting global terrorism from illicit finance and global terrorist finance, that leadership is not done. In many respects, it is just starting. I look forward to continuing to follow his career and his leadership. Mr. Speaker, we are also joined to-night by another real authority on global terrorist finance, a gentleman who has been incredibly active on the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Sub-committee of the Financial Services Committee. I have come to really ap-preciate his intellect, his knowledge, and his work ethic. He is clearly one of the hardest working members of the Financial Services Committee. As, regrettably, the gentleman from North Carolina departs, and I am sad-dened by that, we are both heartened to know that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ) will remain, and he will be one of the key leaders in the entire United States House of Representatives in combating terrorist finance. He has been such a workhorse in helping some of our economic growth measures that have helped save community banking and credit unions. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVID-
SON). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to applaud the hard work and great success of the House Financial Services Committee these the past 2 years in the 115th Congress. Under the leadership of Chairman J
EBHENSARLING , the Financial Serv-ices Committee became the most pro-ductive committee in Congress. Over 44 bills signed into law originated from our committee, including S. 2155. It began as the Financial CHOICE Act, Creating Hope and Opportunity for In-vestors, Consumers, and Entre-preneurs. Unfortunately, the whole bill hasn’t made it into law, but the core of that bill was dealing with the unintended consequences and, frankly, whether they were intended or not, the harmful consequences of Dodd-Frank. Under Dodd-Frank, we found that the biggest banks got bigger and the small-est banks became fewer. We found that banks were not too-big-to-fail, but some of them became too-small-to-suc-ceed under the burden of Dodd-Frank’s regulatory framework. So much so that even Barney Frank, whose name is part of the Dodd-Frank Act, came to support the reforms for community banking. I am very proud to have participated in regulatory relief that helped thou-sands of community financial institu-tions help lend to their communities. It is making a difference today as we watch the impact in our economy. In-deed, it is, in some measure, fitting that the title began with ‘‘Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers, and Entrepreneurs,’’ be-cause that is what is happening in this amazing economy. There is more good news that is hap-pening in our economy than is prob-ably going to get covered anywhere. Some of it is out there for the C–SPAN viewer to find. You might not see in the news that we have the strongest sanctions that have been imposed on Russia since it has been Russia. Post-Soviet Union, we have never had a stronger posture to-ward Russia than we do today. The Financial Services Committee helps implement those because the De-partment of the Treasury has an Office of Foreign Asset Control. As part of the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee and as part of the Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance Sub-committee, we look at how to choke off these sources of funds, whether it is Russian oligarchs, Iranian bad actors, North Koreans, or others. Frankly, I believe we only have tapped the surface on the potential that sanctions have. Indeed, we may be able to apply sanctions to our trade policy and, very targeted, deal with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.095 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9735 November 29, 2018 
bad actors, like those who are dumping steel, rather than just putting a uni-form tariff out there. We can be pre-cise. Instead of maximizing collateral damage, we can minimize it. But that shows that there is plenty of work left to do. What we are here to say is that there are plenty of great things that did, in fact, happen. With respect to trade, one of the things the Financial Services Com-mittee got to do was take a bipartisan delegation trip to China. We talked with folks in Japan, in Hong Kong, in China, and in South Korea about the importance of trade, not just in a way that draws in our Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, but with all of our trade policy. The reality is that we were able to send a message to the people in China, to the leadership of China—their Vice President down to their leadership in the trade negotiations—that with re-spect to China, there is no separation between Congress and President Trump, and with respect to China, there is no separation between Repub-licans and Democrats on trade. Our hope is that we can continue to trade, and we can continue to prosper together. As a former Army Ranger, I never thought I would go to China under friendly terms and conditions. I am quite thankful that we were able to do that. I hope that we can continue that peace and prosperity together. But the days of the American people being taken advantage of, whether it is by China or any other Nation, I hope has long passed. Clearly, today, that is the trend. Not only has the Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act, FIRRMA, passed, and that gives us this review, but we have an adminis-tration that is aggressively imple-menting a policy that puts that into ef-fect. There are plenty of things that did pass our House that haven’t yet made it into law. A staggering number is 115. While 44 bills were signed into law, 115 passed our committee and haven’t yet been taken up across the building in the Senate. Unfortunately, and often despite overwhelmingly bipartisan sup-port in the House, many of these bills have yet to receive the same attention in the Senate. One example of this is a bill I intro-duced, the Market Data Protection Act. This passed the House of Rep-resentatives unanimously, and it is yet to receive a vote in the Senate. This deals with the protection of govern-ment-controlled data by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In fact, our EDGAR database was hacked. We are simply asking that the SEC do the same thing and certify to Congress in the same way they would expect a pub-licly traded company to certify to them, that they have dealt with the risk and they now have a secure net-work. Just earlier tonight, we passed yet another extension of the Flood Act. This bill has been passed by our com-mittee for a year and a half. It has been over a year since it passed the House with very modest reforms. One of the sticking points seems to be that the Senate can’t live with re-building someone’s home three times after it has flooding. We will rebuild it not once, not twice, but a third time, and then after that, we are saying, you know, maybe you should move. But that is too much to ask, appar-ently, for the Senate. We can’t even get a vote on it. It is time for the Senate to act. Another is JOBS 3.0. This is a bill that provides new 21st century frame-work for capital formation. You think capital formation, that sounds like Wall Street, that sounds like a big, Re-publican, stereotypical talking point bill. It passed with more than 400 votes in this body, incredibly bipartisan, very modest reforms, commonsense, for early stage capital formation, and it hasn’t yet been voted on in the Senate. There is still time in this Congress, and I sure hope they can deliver on it. There are a lot of things that we haven’t been able to get to. In spite of being the most productive committee in Congress, there are still things that have been left undone. My hope is that we can continue to collaborate in a very bipartisan way as we experience a transition. As sad as I am to be headed to the minority as a member of the majority party today, I am very sad that Chair-man H
ENSARLING is leaving Congress. This week, we were able to see his re-tirement ceremony where a portrait was unveiled. But the most important thing that happened there is, frankly, I think everyone in that room was in-spired. I think one of the most unfortunate things about Congress is the way it is perceived by the American people. There are more truly good men and women who serve in this body, in both parties, than I would have ever be-lieved before I got here, and one of the very best is J
EBHENSARLING . I am thankful to count him as my chairman, as a mentor, and as a friend. I look for-ward to seeing how God continues to bless this great man and how God con-tinues to bless this body and our great Nation. It is now time for deeds, not words. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, well, after hearing those kind com-ments, I would be happy to yield the gentleman even more time. I say that tongue-in-cheek. Mr. Speaker, I have learned that if you want kind things said about you, announce your retirement. So, I must admit, I am humbled by this experi-ence, and I thank the kind words of the gentleman. I must admit that it is a real mixed blessing that I get ready to leave Con-gress, but I take a lot of solace know-ing that there is a new generation of conservative leaders who are coming to this body, who know how important faith is in the life of a great Nation, be-cause you cannot have a free Nation that is not a virtuous Nation and a godly Nation. I know that there is a new generation of conservative leaders who are coming up who know how important our fami-lies are, our families who care for our elderly and nurture our youth and per-petuate our values. They know how im-portant free enterprise is, not just be-cause it allows people to sleep at night knowing the bills are paid, but how em-powering it is to finally leave the as-sembly line and to start your own busi-ness; how empowering it is to send that first kid to college; but, ultimately, how important it is to pursue happi-ness, to use your God-given talents in any way that can help you and your family prosper. I know I take great solace to know there is a new generation of conserv-ative leaders who know that, ulti-mately, liberty is an inalienable right given to us by our creator, the Al-mighty, and how precious it is and how few people on the face of the planet really enjoy the full fruits of liberty. I count Mr. DAVIDSON among those people, and I will always count him as my friend. But it makes it much easier, after 16 years, to leave this body know-ing that there is a W
ARREN DAVIDSON in Congress and knowing that there is a T
EDBUDD from North Carolina who will remain in Congress as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). He also has become a fast friend of mine. More importantly, I count his wife as a friend of my wife, and me as well. Not unlike Mr. D
AVIDSON , he is one of the hardest working members of our com-mittee, and he never, never gives up. Again, a significant portion of the economic growth packages that we have passed out of the House Financial Services Committee, two or three of them I know contain Mr. B
UDD’s name. That is unusual for somebody who has been a freshman member of our com-mittee, to have so many bills passed. It is a testament to the great citizens of his congressional district that they would return him to office. I hope, next time, maybe a few more will join in and make it a little less interesting. But I am also proud to call him col-league; I am proud to call him friend; and I, again, take great solace to know that this body will see his conservative leadership for quite some time. b2000 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING , and after those kind words, maybe we all should just yield back. But I am going to hang on for a few minutes and talk about some of the great things that we have done on Chairman H
ENSARLING ’s committee that I have been honored to be a part of for these last 2 years and look forward to continuing on. One of the things to mention in the 115th Congress is to highlight the need to bring JOBS 3.0 across the finish line. But before I do that, I have to say, Mr. Speaker, that I don’t think there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.096 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9736 November 29, 2018 
has been a harder working committee in Washington, D.C., over the past 2 years, from our leadership all the way down to the committee’s staff level, and it shows in our accomplishments. I am proud to have played a small role in some of these victories. One simply cannot start a speech like this without talking about the tremen-dous work that went into the Financial CHOICE Act, which ultimately became known as S. 2155. As we all know, Dodd-Frank was en-acted in 2010 in an effort to end the so- called too-big-to-fail financial institu-tions. However, Dodd-Frank and Con-gress inadvertently created too-small- to-succeed financial institutions, which punished our regional and com-munity banks and credit unions. It was unfortunate, but in the end, commu-nity financial institutions were shut down, while the consumer and small business owner were starved of the ac-cess to credit at a time when they needed it the most. However, with the passage and ulti-mate enactment of S. 2155, the status quo that I just highlighted has changed, instead, for good. Dodd-Frank reform was a win for North Carolina’s community financial institutions, small businesses, innovators, and the economy as a whole. Under this bill, the consumer and small business will get access to the credit they need, whether it be used to buy a home or fi-nally start and expand their busi-nesses. I think this bill, Mr. Speaker, is, ar-guably, the most important legislative win this Congress has seen in a long time. It will benefit all sectors of the economy, and I am so excited that we got this done. On a more personal note, outside of Dodd-Frank reform, I have really en-joyed the work that has gone on at the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Sub-committee. Under the leadership of our chairman, S
TEVE PEARCE , my bipar-tisan bill, H.R. 3321, the National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Un-derground, and Other Illicit Financing Act, is just one example of this work. I was able to get this bipartisan bill signed by the President and passed into law as part of the Countering Amer-ica’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. My bill directs the Department of the Treasury to develop a national strat-egy to combat the financing of ter-rorism and related forms of illicit fi-nance involving all levels of govern-ment. H.R. 3321 will get us closer to a coordinated strategy on disrupting these illicit financial networks in the hopes that we are able to starve ter-rorist groups like ISIS of the resources they need to carry out their radical agendas. I also want to highlight and think that we should be proud of the balance we have been trying to strike with re-gard to fintech. I have my own legisla-tion on this front, for example, H.R. 6849, the Bank Secrecy Innovation Act, which directs the Secretary of the Treasury to encourage the use of tech-nological innovations that improve fi-nancial institutions’ anti-money laun-dering programs. Financial institutions currently have little incentive to invest in innovative technology solutions to BSA compli-ance because of the regulatory inflexi-bility. The Bank Secrecy Innovation Act will provide financial institutions with greater incentive and certainty when experimenting with technology to aid in BSA compliance by providing a safe harbor against having the use of such technology be the basis for regu-latory penalty. The application of innovative tech-nology by financial institutions in their BSA compliance programs will likely improve the detection of illicit activity, leading to more efficient and higher quality reporting of suspicious activity by financial institutions. Bet-ter, more targeted reports likely will aid law enforcement in focusing their limited resources on real criminal ac-tivities, while also reducing the time that law enforcement must spend weed-ing out reports that are just irrelevant. As I said earlier, Mr. Speaker, there is still one more package of bills that passed out of our committee and this body with strong bipartisan backing that still needs to be pushed across the finish line. I am talking, of course, about JOBS 3.0 and the capital forma-tion package that would further im-prove our economy and make it easier for companies to go public. This package included bills like mine, H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Pub-lic Offerings Act, that I introduced with my friend on the other side of the aisle from New York, GREGORY MEEKS . It passed the House, if you can imag-ine, 417–0. It allows issuers to submit to the SEC for confidential review, before publicly filing, draft registrations for IPOs. H.R. 3903 will reduce the risk to companies that are just thinking about going public, in order to make listing on exchanges even more attractive, which, in the end, will only strengthen our financial markets. Mr. Speaker, the legislation found under JOBS will make it easier for startups and small businesses in North Carolina to attract the investments they need to go public, grow, and cre-ate more jobs. I also want to highlight, briefly, title 14 of JOBS, which protects the Amer-ican insurance standards. This strong, bipartisan language found under title 14 will give U.S. negotiators the strong legislative backing they need when they negotiate with international bod-ies like the IAIS. Now, as we try to bring JOBS over the finish line, I am hopeful that we can keep this strong, bipartisan lan-guage in the bill. We must keep it in whatever version of JOBS that we pass. The American insurance consumer needs it and also deserves it. So let’s get JOBS done. Mr. Speaker, in closing, like my col-leagues have said before, I want to thank our chairman, JEBHENSARLING , for his principled leadership of this committee and for seeing us through some great wins in the 115th Congress. He has been a friend, a mentor, and somebody I respect in the way he leads, and leads his family greatly, and I know that he will be missed. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kind words, and far more importantly, I thank him for his leadership. He is truly one of the workhorses for eco-nomic growth in the United States Congress. Again, I take great solace, as I will soon leave this august body, in know-ing that somebody like Mr. B
UDD will be here. He has such principle, char-acter, is a hard worker, and has success in actually getting bills done that make a difference in the lives of work-ing people. Mr. Speaker, it is such a pleasure to serve with the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. Speaker, several of our Members have spoken tonight about what we call the JOBS 3.0 Act, Jumpstart Our Business Startups. Thanks to the lead-ership of President Trump, thanks to the leadership of Speaker R
YAN, and thanks to the leadership of Chairman K
EVIN BRADY , we have a great econ-omy. We have, perhaps, the greatest economy in most Americans’ lifetimes. Unemployment is at about a 50-year low. For the first time in a decade, we are seeing paychecks rise. We are see-ing that take-home pay increase. Small business optimism, consumer optimism, is off the charts. It is amaz-ing what can happen with some tax re-form and regulatory reform. And, yes, I take pride—not on my behalf, but on behalf of the Financial Services Com-mittee—in what we have done to help take some of the shackles off of our community banks and our credit unions. But there is so much more work to be done. Mr. Speaker, as you probably know, the whole idea of capital formation for our entrepreneurs, for our small busi-nesses, traditionally, that has been a bipartisan effort. And, in fact, the very first, what we call JOBS 1.0, was signed into law by President Barack Obama. I don’t quite have the quote at my fin-gertips, but at the time, he said some-thing along the lines that we have to, from time to time, remove the regu-latory burdens to capital formation that are preventing our entrepreneurs from accessing capital. So the first point I would like to make, Mr. Speaker, is the economy of today is in great shape. But can we count on it for the economy of tomor-row? Particularly, Mr. Speaker, when I look at public companies, what I see is that our public companies are fewer, they are older, and they are bigger. Today, in America, we still have far too many old cars and not enough startups in our garages. I sometimes think—and I am the fa-ther of a 16-year-old daughter, a 15- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.098 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9737 November 29, 2018 
year-old son—the companies that will drive the economy when they are in their peak earning years, they prob-ably haven’t even been founded yet. Where are the next Amazons coming from? Where are the next Googles com-ing from? Where are the next Apples coming from? But what we see as recently as 2016, just a couple of years ago, is that new startups’ entrepreneurial capitalism was at a 40-year low. Now, fortunately, under this administration, it is taking a turn upwards, but we have got a lot of ground to make up. Our public companies have been cut in half, a 20-year low, as recently as 2016. Half of the number of companies are going public. And so not only is that bad for America’s economy, but it is bad for the family economy because they lose out on investment opportuni-ties. Had you invested early in Apple, you would have made a gazillion percent-age rate of return. It would have been an incredible investment opportunity. At the time, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts wouldn’t even allow Apple to sell their securities because they were fearful it was too specula-tive. We want to make sure that every American family has the opportunity to invest in the next Apple. But, unfor-tunately, what we see is a regulatory burden that is absolutely strangling a lot of these startup companies. Over the past 2
1⁄2decades, Mr. Speak-er, the U.S. share of global venture in-vestment has steadily declined. And when we see it decline, what we also see is that regulatory restrictions on securities and investment have in-creased 54 percent in 10 years—in just 10 years, a 54 percent increase in regu-latory restrictions on securities, and an 80 percent increase over 20 years. We are wondering why there is so lit-tle entrepreneurial activity, and we are wondering why so few companies have gone public. Part of what we have to do is simply modernize antiquated statutes. And so with the exceptions of Sarbanes-Oxley, and with the exception of, frankly, the first version of the JOBS Act and the second version of the JOBS Act, almost all of our other significant Federal se-curities laws date back to the 1930s. Mr. Speaker, a couple of these, the Securities and Exchange Act, the Secu-rities Act, they are foundational. But so many of these other laws that we still labor under, I mean, there was a time that the telephone was the cut-ting-edge technology. That is when the SEC was created, in 1934, and the tele-phone was the cutting-edge technology of the time. So many of the security laws we have date back to that particular era. At that time, stock offerings were part of the daily newspaper. Well, we don’t see that anymore. Pneumatic tubes and ticker tape transmitted the news of a stock sale. If we are going to be able to fuel the economy of tomorrow, we are going to have to modernize these securities laws. And, again, traditionally, this has been a bipartisan effort. b2015 The United States House of Rep-resentatives has passed JOBS 3.0 by a vote of 406–4. Months later, the United States Senate has done nothing on this piece of legislation. This cannot hold. This cannot be. There is no excuse for the United States Senate back there behind my shoulder to do nothing while, for example, we see more compa-nies go public in China. We had a discussion a little earlier, Mr. Speaker, how China, unfortu-nately, too often has taken our tech-nology—our intellectual property—by hook and crook. But a lot of it is com-panies are choosing to confine their capital in China because they find it easier, and now we are looking at over one-third of public companies are going public in China, and we are down to 11 percent. They have an ascending curve; we have a descending curve. In order to successfully compete with China in a global economy, we have to make it easier throughout the eco-system of our small entrepreneurial ventures to make it easier, and so that is what the whole thrust of the JOBS 3.0 Act is all about. Again, it is a very, very strong bipar-tisan measure. So often the lead Demo-crat in this institution, known as rank-ing member, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) and I don’t see eye to eye on much. We see eye to eye on very little. But we are joined at the hip in wanting to see the JOBS 3.0 Act. She has been stalwart, and she has been a good negotiating partner to get this done. So you have one of the most liberal Members of Congress and one of the most conservative Members of Con-gress come together to advocate for our small businesses, for our entre-preneurs, to help us compete with China in the JOBS 3.0 Act, but some-how they are still not hearing this in the United States Senate. Please, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), gives every liberal permission to vote for the JOBS 3.0 Act. As chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and one who used to chair the conserv-ative caucus in the House, I give every conservative permission in the United States Senate to vote for JOBS 3.0. Please, we need a message for all Americans who care about small busi-nesses. We want to make it easier. We want to make it easier for these busi-nesses to get funding. The bottom line is, Mr. Speaker, you cannot have capitalism without cap-ital, and we want to make it easier to access this capital. So I was very heartened by the fact that, although maybe our Senators— and I have many friends who are United States Senators. I still cannot understand why they haven’t taken up a piece of legislation that came out of the House 406–4, a piece of legislation strongly supported by the administra-tion, and a piece of legislation, again, that is going to help our small busi-nesses and entrepreneurs. Why haven’t they taken it up? Perhaps the single most influential newspaper in America is The Wall Street Journal. It is certainly the most influential economic publication in America, and probably the world. For-tunately, their lead editorial today was to encourage the Senate to take up JOBS 3.0. In fact—I am kind of para-phrasing here because I don’t have the newspaper at my fingertips—they said that Congress has done yeoman’s work shepherding a compendium of bipar-tisan bills to access capital. They were referring to JOBS 3.0. Again, go online. It is their lead edi-torial. They said that the Senate shouldn’t scuttle what could be one of Congress’ better achievements. I agree. This will be one of Congress’ better achieve-ments to be able to capitalize our small businesses to make sure, again, they can access capital, they can go public, and that they are not treated like a Fortune 500 company on day one. Mr. Speaker, many of our biotech companies that provide lifesaving pharmaceuticals, some of them don’t even cash flow positive for a decade. They can’t be treated with the same regulatory burden on their capital as a Fortune 500 company. If you do, again, they are going to go to China. They are not going to stay in the USA. They are going to go to China. As we continue to compete with them, we cannot allow this to happen. So we have had such great support. I alluded to the ranking member, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ). She said that this bill is ‘‘a carefully crafted bipartisan compromise.’’ Those are her words. She said that it is ‘‘an example of Members on both sides of the aisle working to-gether to support our Nation’s small businesses and investors.’’ Again, she is one of the most liberal Members of the United States House of Representatives and most likely the next chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. She said that this bill will help entrepreneurs, small busi-nesses, investors, and our economy to thrive. In the 6 years I have been chairman, it has kind of been rare for us to agree on the time of day, but we definitely agree that the JOBS 3.0 Act is impor-tant. It is important to America’s economy not only today, but more im-portantly, it is important for the econ-omy of tomorrow. If there is one aspect of America’s economy that is somewhat unique in the world, it is how we have ensured that entrepreneurial capitalism can’t just survive in America, but thrive. So those seeds have to be planted today. There is so much competition world-wide, and that is why it is important that we get this done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.099 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9738 November 29, 2018 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce weighed in, and they said that the House amendment to S. 488—I am talk-ing about the JOBS 3.0 bill—would re-move barriers for raising capital for America’s businesses. Approximately three-fourths of financing for busi-nesses in the United States comes from capital markets, but regulations have failed to keep up with the demands of the 21st century. The Angel Capital Association has written: ‘‘Thank you again for your leadership in promoting American startups, capital formation, and job creation. The JOBS and Investor Con-fidence Act will help foster innovation and job growth.’’ The Biotechnology Industry Organi-zation, known as BIO, said: ‘‘The JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, or JOBS Act 3.0, will significantly im-prove the ability of emerging biotech companies to access capital and invest in their potentially lifesaving research rather than unnecessary compliance costs that do not add value to inves-tors.’’ There is widespread support. I am al-most baffled, Mr. Speaker, why the United States Senate won’t take this up. Again, this is a strongly bipartisan package. It doesn’t get much stronger than 406–4. Again, our business startups have neared a 40-year low in 2016. Our IPOs, our initial public offerings that allow our working families to invest in the American economy, are half of what they were 20 years ago. Why? The average regulatory compli-ance for initial public offerings has now doubled. It has doubled in the last 25 years. It costs $2.5 million to go pub-lic, with average compliance costs clocking in at $1.5 million. Sometimes, Mr. Speaker, we have to take a look at regulations that date back to the 1930s and start to ask the question: How is that going to impact the economy of the 2030s? The answer is not too well, particularly in a global economy competing with China. So I just want to conclude by saying that I have so many friends in the United States Senate. I respect the United States Senate. I used to be a staffer of the United States Senate. But there is no excuse why they can’t do what the House did and follow our leadership and work on a strong, bipar-tisan basis to make sure that America just doesn’t have the strongest econ-omy of today but has the strongest economy of tomorrow. It started with men and women, Democrats and Republicans on the House Financial Services Committee, to ensure that the economy of tomor-row, once again, will be strong for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues and my friends in the United States Senate to follow our lead, to listen to the administration, and to pass the JOBS 3.0 Act immediately. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without an amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 7187. An act to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until December 7, 2018. f 
GOVERNMENT REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do ap-preciate the efforts of my friend from the district that adjoins mine in Texas. He has done a yeoman’s work, much of which he hasn’t gotten adequate credit for. Hopefully not only the Senate, but the House will respect the work that has been done—including on flood in-surance—and stop putting off what Fi-nancial Services has done to reform flood insurance. We have extension after extension when the people whose homes are pro-tected are begging for reforms so they can take their insurance money and build somewhere else instead of being forced to build where their house was destroyed. Or how about people who have $50,000 homes having to pay enough in insur-ance so they insure the multimillion- dollar castles that have been built? They want to make the poor folks pay for the rich folks, and it seems like today most rich folks are Democrats when you look at contributions in re-cent years. Regardless of what party they are a part of, it is not fair. There are just so many reforms. Or how about if the Federal Govern-ment insurance program pays for the same house three times after it is de-stroyed, then they get their own insur-ance, not government? There are so many brilliant, yet seem pretty basic, reforms that Chairman H
ENSARLING and his committee have pushed forward. None of them was my idea, but you can read them and go: Oh, that is a really good idea. It is a basic idea. For some reason, we don’t have the gumption to just go ahead and do the necessary reforms that saved a country whose spending is in trouble. Spending is putting the Nation at risk. There is a very important purpose for government in the United States. It is not supposed to be a government that subdues its people or has the Orwellian job of monitoring them, as we hear China expects to have total monitoring of its citizens by 2020. That is not the job of the government in a free coun-try. The Revolution was about freedom. And I know Jefferson has taken a lot of flack for having slaves. He and Wash-ington had hoped to free their slaves, but as I understand it, there were pro-visions that didn’t allow what they wanted to do. But if you look at the original draft of the Declaration of Independence, the original draft that Jefferson did, probably the biggest paragraph that listed one of the many grievances that in Jefferson’s mind jus-tified a war for independence and a Declaration of Independence was that King George III allowed slavery to ever get started in America. That came from Jefferson’s heart. He saw the problems that were creating the inequities, and he blamed King George for ever allowing it to get start-ed. That ended up being struck from the final draft, but that was part of Jefferson’s original heart. The job of government does not in-clude spying on its law-abiding people who have committed no crimes. It is not supposed to include telling its peo-ple where they have to live and what they have to do for a living or not do. It is supposed to be about freedom. In fact, Dennis Miller made an amus-ing comment that, if the Founders were willing to go to war and risk or sacrifice their lives in a war over a lit-tle tax on their breakfast drink, then think how upset they would be today. Yet we see the problems and we dis-cuss the problems here, but when the going gets tough, apparently the tough get going by heading home. b2030 We have until January 3, apparently, when the new Congress is sworn in, to get things done with a Republican ma-jority in the House and a Republican majority in the Senate. We passed a tax bill. There have been other good bills passed, as Chairman HENSARLING  was talking about. But when it comes to bills that have to do with whether or not this little experiment in self-gov-ernment continues, we ought to be tak-ing those up. It has been interesting. There have been many times since I have been here when we saw Republicans and some Democrats who were defeated in a No-vember election and some of them threw up their hands and said: Why should I even come back? I am going to have to have a new job, come January. I have sacrificed so much time being away from my family. What is the use of my coming back in November and December? But I was greatly gratified at our Conference yesterday to hear people, some who are coming back because they were reelected and some, surpris-ingly, based on past history, who have been defeated and have said, as D
ANA R
OHRABACHER said: Look, I am not going to be back in January, but I would like to have Christmas Day with my family. But other than Christmas Day, I am willing to come back every day if we can help America protect their future. There are some very noble people here who understand that the burden of Congress, the House and Senate, is not to impose our will on the American people. It is to protect them. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.100 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9739 November 29, 2018 
not supposed to be the referee, the coach, the player. The American people should really be the participants. The government is supposed to be the ref-eree. And, yes, we have got to have criminal justice so that when the ref-eree makes a call, it can be enforced. As a former judge who sent no telling how many people to prison over a 10- year period, I agonized over every one of those cases when I was going to look somebody in the eye and pronounce their sentence. Sometimes juries did it, but there were far more that didn’t re-quest a jury trial. Maybe they pled guilty and sought sentencing. Some-times there were plea agreements. It was up to the judge whether you go along with the plea agreement. Some-times I didn’t. One of the bills that is being talked about, which is criminal justice re-form, which we badly need, desperately need, is actually going to be a slap in the face of every Federal judge who has ever agonized over what is an appro-priate sentence. I think it is fine to tell judges what the rules are when they go into a sen-tencing so they know what kind of sen-tence this is really going to be, in terms of real years. But to come back after judges have already agonized, they have had the hearings, considered every possible thing, and say: You know what? We are going to change the rules. We haven’t read about the cases you judges agonized over and came to a conclusion on, but we are going to change them anyway. They don’t consider the fact that in so many prosecutions, in the very few Federal cases that are simple posses-sion, it normally has to be a pretty big deal, and that is based on my own expe-rience. I have been a prosecutor. I have been appointed to defend criminal cases in Federal court, State court. I actually was appointed to appeal a cap-ital murder conviction, which was suc-cessfully overturned at the highest court in Texas. So I have seen it from all angles: prosecutor, judge, and chief justice reviewing on appeal. You don’t change the rules after they are made. That is why there is a provi-sion in the Constitution that says Con-gress is not supposed to enact any ex post facto laws. And, yes, that is not specifically pertaining to going back and changing sentences after the fact, but when I read that, under the bill being considered, sex offenders will be released early—or can be—there are many people that will likely be re-leased early, including those—and it is not even considered that some really bad guys, evil people who cut a deal to rat out on people that were even more evil, if they got a deal cut under the Federal system, you can’t just agree to a term of years and recommend to the judge like you can in State courts like Texas, but they agree on charges. Okay. We won’t pursue the fact that you had a gun at the time and you were trying to use it. We will waive that if you help us with that. And that will make you look like a much more inno-cent guy. Or, we will let you plead to simple possession and we won’t even bring up all this myriad of other charges. We will just let you plead to this one and let all these others go. Those things go into the consider-ation of the court and of the prosecu-tors when they make recommenda-tions. They will come back after the fact and say: We are going to reform criminal justice, but not the way you, Louie, have been wanting to, you in the ACLU and The Heritage Founda-tion, and others have agreed on in the past, where we would require a mens rea, an intent, a guilty-mind process for most crimes. Or, perhaps another one that is a pet peeve of mine, supposedly we have, maybe, 5,000 criminal laws in the Fed-eral system and so many of them say it’s punishable by X number of years in prison, such and such fine for any vio-lation hereunder or any regulation hereunder, which allows bureaucrats who have never been elected; who are not necessarily carrying out the will of any American public, just their own personal feelings; that have not been ever voted on, and they pass regula-tions. You have regulations, like you have the poor guy that checked the box ground only as the way he was mailing it, and he didn’t know some bureaucrat had passed a regulation, put one through that says, you have got to put a stamp on it that has an airplane with a red line through the airplane. So he was hauled off to another State and had never violated the law at all. There are so many injustices in our Federal system, so many things that need fixing. Some have pointed out the inequity in years, like, back in the eighties when laws were passed that ac-tually made it tougher on sentencing for having crack cocaine than having real powder cocaine—I was a member on the Judiciary Committee when this debate came up—and how it was really a racist law that made it a tougher penalty for having crack cocaine, which more African Americans had, than the powdered cocaine, which was worse, which was more often possessed by Anglo Americans. Dan corrected the record and I went back and did some digging and found out, wow, he is right. That there were people, like Charlie Rangel and others, who were members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus who had said any-body that didn’t vote for a tougher penalty on crack cocaine than on pow-der cocaine was a racist, because crack cocaine was destroying African Amer-ican communities and we needed tougher laws. But over a 30-year period, or so, peo-ple forgot why the punishment for pow-der cocaine was not as tough a punish-ment as for crack cocaine. It was passed, as Dan pointed out. People didn’t want to be called racists and they were told by some in the Congres-sional Black Caucus that you would be a racist if you don’t make it a tougher penalty on crack cocaine. They didn’t want to be called racist, so they voted and agreed to make it tougher pen-alties for having crack cocaine. There is a lot of criminal justice that needs reform and there really shouldn’t have been a difference between crack cocaine and powder cocaine. These are things we can debate, we can work out well, and not have a reform shoved through that is going to release people prematurely that should not be re-leased. There is time to work that out. Some of us were surprised to see the ACLU, the Heritage Foundation, B
OBBY  S
COTT, and L OUIE GOHMERT working to-gether to try to work on reform. There are things we can work together, even when Republicans lose the majority in January. So that is not as critical to get that done right now. When we do criminal justice reform, let’s make sure we get it right and don’t get people killed be-cause we rushed through something that sounded good, but when you got down to the finer points, it created problems. I was pleased to hear that Jared Kushner was interested in talking to people and talked to some friends of mine about problems they had with that bill. Well, we need to work those out. We don’t need to spend time here rushing a bill like that through. But the President won his election in 2016, and the most memorable promise that he made, he knew he was going to need the help of Congress, and he has been begging for the help of Congress, and he has been told over and over for the last, nearly, 2 years: Okay. We will get to that. We will get to that. We can’t get it in this bill, but we will get to that. As I have told our Conference more than once, the voters are going to come out in 2020, those who voted for Donald Trump, and probably mostly all of them will vote for him again, because he really has been trying to do what he said. We said we were going to help, and we haven’t helped him. The number one most memorable thing voters re-call is the promise for a wall. As Presi-dent Trump has said, we don’t need 2,000 miles of wall, but there are places where we desperately need it. We are told: Well, it’s just too hard to get the votes in the Senate. You would have to have 60 votes. Well, I have had some good ideas over the years. Sometimes I have asked col-leagues to be the lead sponsor on legis-lation I have come up with that was part of the committee of jurisdiction so they have a better chance of getting it through. Regardless, I know a good bill when I see it. And B
RADBYRNE has a good bill, H.R. 7073—and I love its title—the 50 Votes for the Wall Act. It eliminates the need for the 60 votes in the Senate. I know we have some House leadership that think it is just going to be too hard to get those votes in the Senate, so why even waste the House’s time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.103 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9740 November 29, 2018 
b2045 Well, it is because we have a chance to fix something that is terribly bro-ken that exposes Americans to loss of life, loss of property, all kinds of losses, including the loss of a free United States of America. It is that desperate of a situation. And the Border Patrol, most of the ones I know and have talked to, say: If you allow some of this big—whether you call it a caravan or call it what it really is, an attempted invasion, there are going to be bigger and bigger cara-vans and invasions. Some of them will end up being so big, you will not be able to stop them, not with troops. It would require all-out war. The time to stop it is now. We have seen the photographs of some walled fences where people want to thumb their noses at United States sovereignty. We take an oath. We are supposed to protect the Constitution. Our number one obligation is to pro-tect the American people. Going back to, metaphorically, the referee-coach- player situation, we are supposed to make sure that the players have a venue where they can safely pursue the free enjoyment of their activity. And we know—we have heard it from the Mexican officials—there are hun-dreds of known criminals. Just in the invasive caravan they have seen so far, we know there is MS–13. We know there are people who are going to do terrible damage, cause loss of life, limb, and property. If we are going to carry out our obli-gation to the American people, we need to protect them. We need to make sure people come in orderly. People can slam the American people and raise issues about: Oh, gosh, you guys are such xenophobes and, oh, you have so much hate. No. We have a love for the American people. If a parent sees somebody trying to break into their home who is suffering from an illness that will likely be caught by others who are lawfully in the home, that parent would have an obligation, morally, legally. You are supposed to protect your children. Some go to jail for not protecting their children. In that scenario, which we know there are people with illnesses trying to barge into America, and obviously there are people who have come into America with illnesses we thought we had gotten rid of in the United States, they are bringing them back in. That is why there was an Ellis Island. That is why democratic presidents and Congresses had gone to such extremes to make sure people were properly vet-ted, so that the people to whom they answered could live more safely, freely, without fear of an invasion. We have that obligation to make sure the American people are protected. B
RADBYRNE ’s bill gets around the 60- vote requirement in the Senate. We have one of the smartest Speakers we have ever had in P
AUL RYAN. He has been former chair of the Budget Com-mittee. He knows exactly how to go about getting a reconciliation effort accomplished. Under the process known as rec-onciliation, all that they would need to do is bring up a 2019 budget resolution that would alter reconciliation instruc-tions. Under BRAD’s bill, it would pro-vide $25 billion for a border wall that would be placed in mandatory spend-ing, and that would be as instructed by the Homeland Security Committee. It is a majority vote to make that budget change. It is a budget resolu-tion. That is what it would take. Once that is done, then the money could be placed into this trust account that is being set up under the Byrne bill. I know, back a year and a half ago, we heard all kinds of threats: Oh, we can’t really repeal ObamaCare because of the Byrd rule. Can’t do it under rec-onciliation. Oh, the Byrd rule. Oh, we can’t. We had Republican leaders in the House and Senate telling us: Well, no, the Byrd rule won’t let that happen. Sorry. It won’t let it happen. Nobody bothered to go check with the Parliamentarian. The Parliamen-tarian is not even the last word. Par-liamentarians—I am very sorry to say this, but it is true—sometimes are wrong. I don’t know of a time when our cur-rent Parliamentarian was wrong, but I certainly know of a prior occasion when a predecessor, since I have been here, was totally wrong. The Parliamentarian doesn’t make decisions. The Parliamentarian gives advice. The decision comes from the Chair. So, M
IKELEE, Senator L EE, went and asked the Parliamentarian: Do you think this will violate the Byrd rule? Well, I can’t give a preliminary opin-ion, but I don’t see anything there that would violate the Byrd rule. No, I don’t think it would be a problem. Wow. We had been told for a month that we couldn’t do that, that we couldn’t re-peal ObamaCare, because the Byrd rule wouldn’t let it happen under reconcili-ation. Turned out, nobody checked, and they were wrong. It could have been done. It should have been done. The first bill, thank God we didn’t pass that, but we passed the second one. As I was talking with some col-leagues today, if the Senate had joined us, it would have materially helped the American people. I know there are those who say: Look, the Senate doesn’t have the votes. Well, they could get 50 votes, because we could pass it with 50 votes. I know M
IKEPENCE , our Vice President, would help support President Trump and break a tie. We could get this done. But the Sen-ate will have no pressure until this body passes a budget resolution with reconciliation instructions. And the Senate will need to do that, but they are not going to feel any pressure until we do it here. There are House Members, Repub-lican House Members, some returning, some not returning next year, and they are willing to do the work to try to save American lives in this little ex-periment in self-government. We have had so many people that have been miseducated to think that: You know, gee, socialism is a good way to go. It would be great for America. We are seeing the polls reflect that more and more often. Well, let me make clear, anybody that will study history knows socialism, number one, always fails. Number two, you can’t have socialism or communism or pro-gressivism, whichever one you want to call it, unless you have a very power-ful, totalitarian type government that takes from people who don’t want to give it up and gives it to people who do want to give it up. You don’t have a middle class. That was one thing Karl Marx did not fore-see, the strong middle class that would grow in America that set us apart from most anywhere else. That is why we did not become communist back when there were communists trying to push us there, because we had a strong mid-dle class. But in socialism, communism, pro-gressivism, you will have a ruling class, and that is why there are so many billionaires now pushing to try to get us to socialism. They know, or at least they believe, people are too stupid to know how to live, so us ultra- rich billionaires, we will fund socialist- type candidates, because we know, if we get to socialism, you have a ruling class and you have a ruled class, and there is no middle class. You give up so much of your freedom. It has to stop, and it is going to be stopped only if we will go ahead and push through a reconciliation bill that allows us to give the money to Presi-dent Trump so we can get a wall built where we need it and secure the Amer-ican people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of family medical emergency. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1074. An act to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’. H.R. 2422. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.105 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9741 November 29, 2018 
health care for low-income and other under-served individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. H.R. 5317. An act to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibi-tion on certain alcohol manufacturing on In-dian lands. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 440. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. S. 1768. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. S. 2074. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses. S. 3389. An act to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, November 30, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: B
RENDA JONES , 13th District of Michigan. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 7009. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Decreased Assess-ment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0044; SC18- 906-1 FR] received November 26, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7010. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a letter providing a status report on the account balance in the Defense Coopera-tion Account, as of September 30, 2018, pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 2608(e); Public Law 101-403, Sec. 202(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 112- 81, Sec. 1064(7)); (125 Stat. 1587); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 7011. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; North Carolina: Charlotte, City of, Mecklenbury County, et al., [Docket ID: FEMA-2018-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8555] re-ceived November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 7012. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Bene-fits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Ben-efits received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 7013. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tin Oxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ- OPP-2017-0614; FRL-9982-73] received Novem-ber 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7014. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Sig-nificant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2018-0567; FRL- 9986-15] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7015. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s Major interim final rule — Fed-eral Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program: Extension of Eligibility to Certain TRICARE-Eligible Individuals; Effective Date of Enrollment (RIN: 3206-AN58) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7016. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s correcting amendment — Per-sonnel Management in Agencies received No-vember 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7017. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Regulatory Affairs, Office of Chief Counsel, Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pipeline Safety: Plastic Pipe Rule [Docket No.: PHMSA-2014-0098; Amdt. No. 192-124] (RIN: 2137-AE93) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7018. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Regulatory Affairs, Office of Chief Counsel, Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Hazardous Materials: Response to Petitions From Industry To Modify, Clarify, or Elimi-nate Regulations [Docket No.: PHMSA-2015- 0102 (HM-219A)] (RIN: 2137-AF09) received No-vember 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7019. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace, and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Juneau, AK [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0125; Airspace Docket No.: 18-AAL- 5] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7020. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31220; Amdt. No.: 3823] received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7021. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31221; Amdt. No.: 3824] received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7022. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0770; Amendment No.: 71-50] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7023. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0408; Product Identifier 2017-NM-146-AD; Amendment 39-19495; AD 2018-23-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7024. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0297; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 181-AD; Amendment 39-19497; AD 2018-23-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7025. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.046 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9742 November 29, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0637; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 091-AD; Amendment 39-19496; AD 2018-23-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7026. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0758; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 093-AD; Amendment 39-19493; AD 2018-23-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7027. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; International Aero Engines (IAE) Tur-bofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0404; Product Identifier 2018-NE-15-AD; Amend-ment 39-19468; AD 2018-21-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7028. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0908; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 136-AD; Amendment 39-19486; AD 2018-22-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7029. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0551; Product Identifier 2018- NM-023-AD; Amendment 39-19485; AD 2018-22- 12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7030. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; International Aero Engines Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0431; Product Identifier 2018-NE-16-AD; Amendment 39- 19475; AD 2018-22-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7031. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbo-prop Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0216; Product Identifier 1988-ANE-18-AD; Amend-ment 39-19474; AD 2018-22-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7032. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0585; Product Identifier 2018- NM-070-AD; Amendment 39-1948; AD 2018-22- 08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7033. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0510; Product Identifier 2017-NM-115-AD; Amendment 39-19483; AD 2018-22-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7034. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0589; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 021-AD; Amendment 39-19489; AD 2018-23-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7035. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0934; Product Identi-fier 2018-NE-35-AD; Amendment 39-19478; AD 2018-22-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7036. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0958; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 139-AD; Amendment 39-19491; AD 2018-23-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7037. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0027; Product Identifier 2017-NM-118-AD; Amendment 39-19482; AD 2018-22-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7038. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; SOCATA Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0326; Product Identifier 2018-CE-006-AD; Amendment 39-19464; AD 2018-21-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 26, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5759. A bill to im-prove executive agency digital services, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1055). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN. Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 6140. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish and carry out a program to support the availability of HA–LEU for domestic commercial use, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1056). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 7187. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until December 7, 2018; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. considered and passed. considered and passed. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 7188. A bill to extend by two years the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. S CHNEIDER ): H.R. 7189. A bill to modernize the National Air Toxics Assessment, the Integrated Risk Information System, and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. M ARINO ): H.R. 7190. A bill to amend chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, to address reor-ganization of small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. WOMACK (for himself and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 7191. A bill to implement reforms to the budget and appropriations process in the House of Representatives; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 7192. A bill to enhance the early warn-ing reporting requirements for motor vehicle manufacturers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 7193. A bill to amend the VA MISSION Act of 2018 to expand the veterans healing veterans medical access and scholarship pro-gram to include more students and schools; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-self and Mr. G
IBBS): H.R. 7194. A bill to repeal the Waters of the United States rule and amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act definition of navigable waters, and for other purposes; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29NO7.000 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9743 November 29, 2018 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 7195. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to make various reforms to Social Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. L
AHOOD, and Mr. P AULSEN ): H.R. 7196. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide investment and production tax credits for emerging energy technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7197. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Energy to make grants to local edu-cational agencies for purposes of supporting renewable energy-based heating and cooling systems in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S
UOZZI , and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 7198. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study of alter-natives for commemorating Long Island’s aviation history, including a determination of the suitability and feasibility of desig-nating parts of the study area as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi): H.R. 7199. A bill to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 7200. A bill to extend indemnity for wildfires and hurricanes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 7201. A bill to amend title 35, United States Code, to include the exclusive eco-nomic zone as part of the United States for patent infringement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. S
IMPSON ): H.R. 7202. A bill to require a study to deter-mine the best available estimate of the total amount of nonhighway recreational fuel taxes received by the Secretary of the Treas-ury; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AMASH: H.J. Res. 142. A joint resolution directing the President to terminate the use of the United States Armed Forces with respect to the military intervention led by Saudi Ara-bia in the Republic of Yemen; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. J ONES of North Carolina, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. G
ABBARD , and Ms. L EE): H. Con. Res. 142. Concurrent resolution di-recting the President pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution to remove United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. CAPU-
ANO, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. K
EATING ): H. Con. Res. 143. Concurrent resolution honoring the 75th anniversary of the All- American Girls Professional Baseball League (AAGPBL); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LEVIN: H. Res. 1161. A resolution directing the Speaker to administer the oath of office to the representative-elect from the 13th Con-gressional District of Michigan; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. R
OYCE of California): H. Res. 1162. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to Ukraine, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M
ULLIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, and Mr. C
OLE): H. Res. 1163. A resolution recognizing Na-tional Native American Heritage Month and celebrating the heritages and cultures of Na-tive Americans and the contributions of Na-tive Americans to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 7187. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce) By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 7188. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 7189. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 7190. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the establishment of a uniform law on bankruptcies throughout the United States; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, Sentence 1, and Section 2, Clause 1 of the Constitu-tion, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. WOMACK: H.R. 7191. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, which pro-vides that, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appro-priations made by Law; and a regular State-ment and Account of the Receipts and Ex-penditures of all public Money shall be pub-lish from time to time.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 7192. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 7193. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution Congress shall have the power . . . ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 7194. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 7195. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. REED: H.R. 7196. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7197. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7198. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29NO7.100 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9744 November 29, 2018 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 7199. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 7200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 7201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 8 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. AMASH: H.J. Res. 142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the Con-stitution (authorizing Congress to ‘‘make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’). Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 11 of the Constitution author-izes Congress to ‘‘declare War.’’ Congress did not declare war or authorize the use of the Armed Forces in the conflict in Yemen, and this resolution takes corrective action. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 92: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1318: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1759: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1847: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1898: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 2315: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B
ALDERSON , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Mr. C LOUD , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2417: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 2542: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2856: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 3272: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3467: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3598: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4022: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 4107: Mr. H
URD, Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4256: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
ALDERSON , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 4339: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4454: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4485: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4732: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S
ABLAN , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 4745: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, Ms. J
ONES of Michigan, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. L EE, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. V ELA, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. BURGESS , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4828: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 5248: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5678: Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 5911: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 6016: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6051: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6165: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6225: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6269: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 6272: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 6274: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 6543: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G OMEZ , and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 6816: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 6854: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 6983: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 6987: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 6988: Mr. C
OLE, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 7028: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 7035: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 7059: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 7061: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 7082: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 7084: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 7097: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 7123: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 7160: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 7173: Mr. T
ROTT . H. Res. 751: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 910: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Ms. L OF-
GREN . H. Res. 1145: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. K IHUEN . H. Res. 1150: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. P ETERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.017 H29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7197 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2018 No. 188 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord, through all generations You have been the source of our hope and strength. We are astounded by the maj-esty of Your sovereignty, for a thou-sand years for You are like a few hours. Today, inspire our lawmakers to think Your thoughts and follow Your pre-cepts, seeking always to be receptive to Your guidance. May they strive to reach agreement on critical issues rather than simply to win debates. As they march to the drumbeat of Your leading, strengthen them with Your powerful presence. May they trust You to bring unity within their diversity. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, this week, the Senate has taken impor-tant steps to fulfill our advise-and-con-sent responsibility on the President’s nominees. We have ended unnecessary delays that kept well-qualified individ-uals from filling important posts at the Departments of Agriculture and Com-merce and confirmed both of them. TRIBUTE TO DEAN HELLER Mr. MCCONNELL. Now, on an en-tirely different matter, I am sorry to say it is time to begin offering thanks and farewells to Members whose Senate service will conclude at the end of the 115th Congress. Today, I would like to begin with our friend, the senior Senator from Nevada. It doesn’t feel like much of an exag-geration to say that D
EANHELLER may have been destined for public service. I don’t just mean his eagerness to serve or his outgoing personality. There were other signs. For example, one of the stops on his childhood paper route in Carson City was the Governor’s man-sion itself. Talk about early civic in-volvement. At every step of the way, from suc-cessful businessman to his local and statewide races, all the way here to the Capitol, D
EANearned the respect of his neighbors and constituents by fol-lowing the hard-working example set by his parents. His mother worked as a cook in a school cafeteria. His father was an auto mechanic who raced stock cars on the side. Their son grew up to be the only sitting Senator I would trust to replace my transmission. When most politicians use phrases like ‘‘rolling up their sleeves’’ and ‘‘getting their hands dirty,’’ they are usually referring to things like late- night negotiating or taking tough votes—in other words, more talking. Not D
EAN HELLER , he means it lit-erally. As D
EAN likes to say, here in Washington, during the week, he works for the people of Nevada, but at home, on the weekends, there he works for his wife Lynne on the ranch they keep up together. But let it not be said that even in the midst of hard labor, D
EANisn’t capable of multitasking. After all, sometimes official duties just can’t wait. I have it on good authority that on one occasion Dean had to field a surprise phone call from President Obama on his cell while standing right in the middle of a ditch. Another time, he took a call from President Trump and talked business right there in the aisle of a home im-provement store. Something about this image seems just right—not talking, not posturing, doing. That is DEAN H
ELLER ; isn’t it? He didn’t come to Washington to court praise for lofty rhetoric or to be-come a TV star. He came here to do. In just 7 years, D
EAN has authored or helped to introduce 100 pieces of legis-lation that are now law. Perhaps first and foremost, he has built a reputation as one of the Sen-ate’s chief advocates for our veterans. D
EANshares his home State with more than 200,000 men and women who have served our Nation, including one he calls ‘‘Dad.’’ Keeping the promise of top-notch VA services across Nevada’s widespread rural communities is no small task. The facilities in Reno, in particular, weren’t always up to the job, but day in and day out, D
EANhas made it his mission to right the ship. As a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, he has fought to expand access to care, contributing key provisions to the VA MISSION Act and spearheading the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Deliv-ery Act. It is a legacy that is already making a difference for our veterans. But these are hardly the only vic-tories D
EANwon for Nevada and for our Nation. He came to the Senate in 2011, representing a State that had been hit hard by the great recession and was trying hard to regain its footing. Ne-vada communities faced ballooning foreclosure rates and persistent unem-ployment. Fortunately, their new Sen-ator was intent on hooking up the eco-nomic jumper cables and getting things humming once more. D
EAN has seized opportunities to champion an economic agenda that puts workers and job creators back in the driver’s seat. He was a driving force behind the once-in-a-generation tax re-form passed last December to put more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.000 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7198 November 29, 2018 
money in the pockets of working fami-lies. It is pouring a new 21st century foundation for American businesses to compete, win, and create more jobs right here at home. Today, Nevada is doing better, our Nation is flourishing, and D
EANHELLER  was there every step of the way. He was especially instrumental in making sure that tax reform increased the child tax credit. D
EAN knew that working par-ents need that money more than the IRS does. Nevada veterans, Nevada workers, Nevada families—D
EANnever lost sight of the reason he came here to Wash-ington. He has been a happy warrior here in the trenches, with a ready grin and an iron determination to do right by his friends and his neighbors. I also have it on good authority that seeing D
EANin action back home in his natural habitat is truly a sight to be-hold. His joy at every conversation and every handshake around Carson City are palpable. Nevadans are D
EAN’s peo-ple. They always have been, and he has always been theirs too. According to some of the staff who travel around the State with him, it is practically impossible to make any brief stops anywhere. At a fast-food restaurant, or a sporting goods store, or even a gas station, D
EANwould in-evitably run into friends and set about swapping stories or Carson City inside jokes. On the rare occasions when D
EANdidn’t know the proprietor or fel-low customers—no trouble, no trou-ble—he would have a room full of new friends in about 3 minutes flat. I am told it never got old for the peo-ple around D
EANto witness the energy he drew from his friends, neighbors, and constituents. He was delighted to be one of them and honored to be their employee—‘‘a man of the people’’—not a cliche, in this case, a reality. You don’t need to take my word for it. I hear there is objective evidence out there, photographs from the Ne-vada Day Parade in Carson City. Suf-fice it to say it takes a certain kind of person to steal the show, riding horse-back, dressed head to toe in full west-ern regalia, something like John Wayne. It is no wonder his grandkids— Brielle, Zachary, and Ava—know him as ‘‘Duke.’’ Now, his boss, Lynne, might very well have put him up to it. I hear she rides right there alongside him. But D
EANis no newcomer to the parade. In fact, it is the very same parade he marched in as a Scout years ago. If you read that story in a book, you would think it was almost too earnest and too all-American to be true, but that is D
EANHELLER . He is the paper boy who started out delivering the headlines and wound up making the headlines, the Senator who still saddles up for the same parade from his child-hood memories, one of Nevada’s favor-ite sons and a dedicated servant of the entire Silver State. D
EAN’s colleagues are really sorry to see him go. For a leader with this much heart and this much talent, any departure would feel premature. This one certainly does, but I doubt DEAN will have trouble finding good uses for a little more spare time. I know he and Lynne must be looking forward to sad-dling up their horses and setting out for the Sierras a little more often than they have been able to lately, and I hear he could use a little bit of re-hearsal time before he leads the Heller family band through its repertoire of Christmas carols this year—lead trom-bone. Lead trombone is no laughing matter. Maybe he will even find time to get back in the driver’s seat for a race or two. So whatever it is that D
EAN does next—whatever it is—he should take with him great pride in all he has ac-complished here in a policy legacy that will continue lifting up our Nation’s veterans, workers, and middle-class families literally for years and years to come, and the sincere best wishes of the friends he has made here in this Chamber for health, happiness, and every future success for himself, for Lynne, and for their entire lovely fam-ily. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, later this afternoon, the Senate is scheduled to vote on the confirmation of Mr. Thomas Farr for the Eastern District of North Carolina. I have made my opposition to this nominee clear on a daily basis, but allow me to remind my colleagues, to recap, before this vote just what we are dealing with here. We are being asked to confirm the go-to guy in North Carolina if you need a lawyer to defend voter suppres-sion. Some might think that is hyper-bolic, but I sincerely ask my colleagues not to go for hyperbole but to look at the evidence. Mr. Farr was the lead lawyer in de-fending North Carolina’s discrimina-tory congressional maps drawn by the State’s Republicans, which were struck down by the Supreme Court as uncon-stitutional. This is a very conservative Supreme Court, which has been mostly unsympathetic to arguments of dis-enfranchisement—as evidenced by the Shelby County case—but in this in-stance, they could not help but over-turn the map for racial discrimination, despite the evidence provided by Mr. Farr. Mr. Farr was also the lead lawyer in defense of North Carolina’s insidious voter ID law, which the Supreme Court ruled ‘‘targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision’’—tar-geted African Americans with almost surgical precision. North Carolina’s Republicans de-signed the law after asking for and re-ceiving data sorted by race on voting practices. Mr. Farr not only defended the law, he described the voting re-strictions, which forbade the use of government employee IDs, student IDs, and IDs used for public assistance, as ‘‘a minor inconvenience.’’ That is only Mr. Farr’s recent his-tory involving voting suppression. If we go back and look at the campaign of Senator Jesse Helms in 1990, Mr. Farr represented the Helms campaign and defended it against accusations that it sent over 120,000 postcards, almost ex-clusively to Black voters, that falsely warned them they could be charged with a crime if they tried to vote— falsely—falsely warned them. The mailers were sent after statistics emerged that African-American reg-istration was outpacing White voter registration. The sordid history of Mr. Farr’s ef-forts to suppress voting goes back even further. Mr. Farr was a member of Sen-ator Jesse Helms’ 1984 campaign. In that campaign, he wasn’t merely a hired gun; he was a close legal asso-ciate of Senator Helms, a man David Broder of the Washington Post called ‘‘the last prominent unabashed White racist politician in this country.’’ In that 1984 campaign, according to memoranda by the Voting Rights sec-tion of the Department of Justice, Mr. Farr was involved in the so-called ‘‘bal-lot security’’ program run by the Helms campaign and the North Caro-lina Republican Party. The so-called ballot security program included send-ing postcards to minority voters in an effort to suppress voting. In 2006, Mr. Farr’s association with these noxious voter suppression at-tempts by Helms’ campaign was enough to deny him confirmation to this very seat. In the intervening years, he has not repented or even moved on to different issues. He is still defending attempts to disenfranchise African-American voters. I am not from North Carolina, but if I were, I would be embarrassed to have this man nominated and placed on the Federal bench. It takes but an ounce of principle to say: No, I am not defending discrimination and voter suppression. Yet, time and time and time again, not just 1984, not just 1990 but 2013 and 2015, Mr. Thomas Farr has stepped up to the plate to represent and defend voter suppression in a court of law, and we are being asked to reward him—reward him for these activities—with a life-time appointment as a Federal judge in a district that is 27 percent African American, where he will have the power to make decisions on voting rights and civil rights for a generation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.002 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7199 November 29, 2018 
I prevail upon the conscience of my Republican colleagues, who I know want to be fair to this man, look at the body of evidence impartially. There is simply a preponderance of evidence that Mr. Farr was involved, often inti-mately, in decades of voter suppression in North Carolina. The standard for this vote is not whether or how Mr. Farr should be punished or excoriated for what he did but a much higher one: whether a man with this history de-serves to be elevated to a lifetime ap-pointment on the Federal bench. Whether you are Republican or Democratic, a liberal or conservative, that has to be—has to be—disquali-fying for a seat on the Federal bench. 
f 
SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, now, on another matter, the special counsel investigation. To date, the special counsel’s inves-tigation has produced no less than 35 indictments or plea deals—35—and that does not include two additional guilty pleas of people initially investigated by Mueller but were handed off to other branches of the Justice Department. Just this morning, Michael Cohen has pled guilty to lying to Congress about projects in Russia. It is a reminder that there has been a remarkable volume of criminal activ-ity uncovered by the special counsel’s investigation. No one, especially not the President, can credibly claim that the investigation is a fishing expedi-tion. Calling Mueller’s investigation a witch hunt is just a lie—plain and sim-ple, a lie. The President’s actions clearly show he has a lot to hide, that he is afraid of the truth, and doesn’t want Mueller or anyone else to uncover it, but it hasn’t stopped the President from repeating these lies. In fact, in recent days, President Trump has escalated his at-tack on Special Counsel Mueller. Al-most daily, the President’s Twitter feed is littered with baseless accusa-tions about the investigation. Presi-dent Trump retweeted an image of sev-eral of his political opponents, includ-ing Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein, behind bars. Can you believe that? The Deputy Attorney General be-hind bars? And this is the man—the President—our Republican colleagues refuse to call out against? Just yesterday, President Trump said this about a potential pardon for Paul Manafort, now accused of lying to pros-ecutors and violating his plea agree-ment. He said: 
I wouldn’t take it off the table. . . . Why would I take it off the table? 
That is a pardon. Let’s not forget, President Trump has already fired the Attorney General and replaced him with a lackey with-out Senate approval. The nominee’s only qualification seems to be that he has a history of criticizing the special counsel. So this idea that we don’t need to pass legislation to protect the special counsel because there is no way Presi-dent Trump will interfere with the in-vestigation is flatout absurd. I once again call on my friend the majority leader to schedule a vote on the bipartisan bill to protect the spe-cial counsel. If he continues to refuse, we will push for the bill in the yearend spending agreement. I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report: 
The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Caro-lina. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
BORDER SECURITY  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, the clock is ticking and the days are pass-ing us by, but we know we have a dead-line to meet on December 7, and if we don’t meet that deadline, then there will be a lot of lives disrupted and a lot of people will say: There they go again. Congress is unable to work together to try to solve problems, just creating more distrust and undermining con-fidence in our ability to actually do our job to govern. What I want to talk about specifi-cally is this fight over border funding because that is what the deadline is on December 7. Our Democratic friends have said: We are not going to fund President Trump’s wall. On the other hand, we see caravans of people coming from Central America, coming through Mexico, closing down the ports of entry at the San Ysidro bridge between Ti-juana and San Diego. What I fear is, we have made a parody out of what the problem is. We have thought about the challenge of border security and immi-gration in too small a way and not given the complete picture of what the challenges really are. I just have to believe that if we were willing to acknowledge the facts, that we would be more inclined to work to-gether to solve the problem, and I feel like we are looking at these problems like we are looking through a soda straw. I have heard people talk about the humanitarian crisis at the border there at Tijuana caused by this huge caravan of Central Americans who want to storm the barriers and enter the United States illegally, and people question why would we stop them, why would they use nonlethal means like tear gas and pepper spray like Presi-dent Obama did during his administra-tion and which now Customs and Bor-der Protection is doing again in order to protect the sovereignty of our coun-try and to protect our borders from those who would enter it illegally. So let’s not look at this through a soda straw. Let’s open up the aperture and look at the larger problem because it is a very serious problem, and it af-fects many lives, both here, in Mexico, and in Central America. Our Democratic colleagues have of-fered a lot of criticism of the Trump administration when it comes to bor-der security, but anytime you ask them, well, what is your solution, what are you offering as an alternative, it is crickets—complete silence. In other words, they are not offering any con-structive solutions, just criticism. Our constituents deserve more than just for us to criticize one another. They de-serve our working together to try to come up with solutions. This is a crisis that has arisen as a result of our inability to acknowledge that this is a failure to enforce our im-migration laws, a failure to fix our bro-ken immigration system, and a failure to secure our borders. Coming from Texas, representing 28 million constituents in a State which has a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico, this affects my constituents in my State directly. We are at ground zero, and I have tried my best to get educated about the problem and poten-tial solutions. My trips to the border, talking to people in border commu-nities who live and work in those com-munities, talking to our heroic Border Patrol agents, and visiting our ports of entry where millions and even billions of dollars of commerce flow legally be-tween the United States and Mexico— that is important not only to our bor-der communities but to jobs in the United States. The border communities that rely on the flow of legal commerce through our ports know that without border secu-rity, legitimate trade can easily be brought to a standstill. In fact, that is exactly what has happened at San Ysidro, the port of entry between Ti-juana and San Diego. They had to shut down the port of entry. So people whose jobs depend on those ports of entry and the trade and commerce that goes on between our countries, they are the ones who are being hurt by the uncontrolled disruption of legal immi-gration. Any disruption of legitimate trade has an immediate impact on the businesses and the employees and af-fects the livelihoods of our border resi-dents. An unsecured border creates avenues for the entry of drug cartels and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.004 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7200 November 29, 2018 
transnational criminal gangs to exploit because they are the same people who are facilitating the passage of migrants from Central America to our borders. Those are the same people who are transiting the heroin, 90 percent of which comes from Mexico, which con-tributes to our opioid crisis in the United States. As I mentioned before, last year the Centers for Disease Control estimates 72,000 Americans died of a drug over-dose—about 50,000 of those from some form of opioid, either prescription drug, synthetic fentanyl, or heroin coming across the same borders these migrants are attempting to storm across. The people who are organizing that, as I said, are the same people. They are the drug cartels that are getting rich because we have not found a way to come together to fix our border, to re-form our laws, and come together to try to protect the people we represent in the process. We know that the gangs, the cartels, and the transnational criminal organizations are ever evolving. They are always adapting. They spread terror, they prey on the weak, and they have taken con-trol of large swaths of Mexico and Cen-tral America. They are, as I have said before, commodity-agnostic—they don’t really care whether they are traf-ficking children for sex or heroin that will cause an overdose in the United States or a migrant who just wants a better life in the United States, be-cause they do want a better life. The same people facilitate that for money. On average, I have read that a mi-grant from Central America has to pay about $8,000. You multiply that $8,000 times thousands and thousands. Last year, in 2017, there were almost 400,000 migrants detained at our southwestern border. Just multiply that number by $8,000, and you get just a glimpse of what we are talking about in the huge criminal enterprise. We are continuing to enrich these cartels and transnational criminal organizations when we fail to do our job when it comes to securing our border and fixing our broken immigration system. This is more than just about whether President Trump gets his money for the wall. As a matter of fact, many of our Democratic colleagues voted in—I think it was 2006 for the Secure Fence Act, which called for 700 miles of se-cure fencing along the southwestern border. So they have already voted for tactical infrastructure that is part of the piece of the puzzle of securing our border; yet they stand intransigent against our effort to try to improve border security now even though they have supported similar funding in the past. As I said, we know that the cartels are very shrewd, adaptive, and are al-ways evolving. They know that if they can tie up the Border Patrol with proc-essing children and family units, those same Border Patrol agents aren’t avail-able to stop the drugs that come across the border. So it is a method of dis-tracting the Border Patrol and law en-forcement in order to exploit that vul-nerability for the purposes of bringing those drugs into the United States. When I want to learn more about what is happening at the border, I talk to my constituents in the Customs and Border Protection business, such as Chief Manny Padilla, who is the Chief of the Rio Grande Valley Sector of the Border Patrol, and Border Patrol Chief Carla Provost. Customs and Border Protection does all it can do with the tools available to it to stop flows of il-legal immigration and to stop illegal contraband, including drugs, from making it across the border, but they need our help. We basically have not given them the tools they need in order to do the job we have asked them to do. Shame on us. We know the cartels are cunning. I have seen produce that appears to be watermelons or other vegetables that basically contain heroin or fentanyl or some other illegal drug. The creativity of the cartels is amazing. I have seen them put human beings, migrants, into the upholstery of a seat in a car so they are obscured or pack them into a truck or put them in an 18-wheeler— unfortunately sometimes leaving them to die as a result of exposure to heat and other conditions. We also know that these same organizations traffic women and children through Central America and enslave them, essentially, here in the United States. They traffic them for sex—again, to generate money because that is all they care about. The operations of these cartels are increasingly sophisticated, and they are always diversifying their income streams to avoid detection and defeat our efforts to stop it. They are stra-tegic about when and how they cross the border, and they have developed this strategy over many years. To put it simply, they are taking ad-vantage of and exploiting our inability to deal with our porous border, and a lot of innocent people are getting hurt in the process. Again, this is about more than just funding President Trump’s border wall; this is about our pulling back and look-ing at the complexity of this problem and using our very best efforts in order to stop it. But somehow it becomes trivialized over a fight over tactical in-frastructure that our Democratic col-leagues have already voted for in the past under the Secure Fence Act. Well, the instability and violence created by the criminal organizations in Central America and Mexico over the last few years are part of the strat-egy. Violence, unfortunately, is at an alltime high in Mexico. That is one of the reasons President Lopez Obrador was elected. He said he wanted to de-crease the violence in Mexico. I learned recently that more people have died in Mexico since 2007 than have died in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq com-bined. It is terrible, and we need to work together to try to stop it. We know that gangs control much of El Salvador, and as a result, many Cen-tral Americans have their lives and safety threatened daily. It is no wonder they try to flee. But the United States cannot bear the burden of this crisis alone. I believe the United States is the most generous country in the world when it comes to legal immigration. We have always considered ourselves a nation of immi-grants, but we are also a nation of laws, and we see what happens when the law is ignored and when Congress fails to fix the problem to the best of our ability. We have seen uncontrolled illegal im-migration. We see thousands of people banding together in caravans trying to storm our ports of entry into the coun-try, overrun our Customs and Border Protection personnel. Until we deal with this problem, new caravans will continue to arrive on a daily basis. In fact, they have. It is just now in the news because it is so large. We have had literally many caravans show up on a daily basis, but that doesn’t make a lot of news. As I said, 400,000 people were detained on the southwestern bor-der in 2017 alone. What is frustrating is that the tools we need to address these problems are at hand and available to us. We can begin to work together to fight these gang cartels and organizations and se-cure our border by partnering with the governments of Central America and Mexico because our War on Drugs, our effort to provide safety and security to our constituents, is part of their war too. It is a fact that border security doesn’t begin at our southern border; it ends at our southern border. It starts in Central America and Mexico. I know it is sometimes difficult to grasp the complexity of these prob-lems, and that is why it is so tough to resolve them. There are social, polit-ical, historical, and moral aspects to all of them. Many people and facets of our society are implicated. Because of corruption and powerful criminal organizations in Mexico and Central America, a genuine rule of law is missing in many parts of these coun-tries, and it has been for a long time. That is why it is so important for us to work together with these countries in Central America and with Mexico to help them stabilize their governments, root out the corruption, and stop the violence, which will benefit them and their economy, as well as the United States. These countries can in turn re-store the relationship between their government, their law enforcement, and their people. When their people begin to see opportunity and safety in their home countries, making the long haul from Central America to the United States becomes less of an im-perative and less of a necessity for them. They would probably be happier staying at home if they could do so safely and enjoy some modest pros-perity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.005 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7201 November 29, 2018 
We have already had some successes in partnering with our closest neighbor in the crisis; that is, the Government of Mexico. I believe we can and should continue to build on some of the things we have already put in place. We have already partnered with Mex-ico in recent years through programs like the Merida Initiative to combat drug trafficking, organized crime, and money laundering. We have directed funds toward strengthening communities and em-powering the Mexican criminal justice system and judicial system to combat the rampant culture of impunity. We have collaborated on intelligence matters and cooperated on providing various forms of security. The Bureau of International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement Affairs continues to work to develop programs to combat international nar-cotics and crime, especially in Central America, but U.S. funding for this pro-gram in Mexico has stagnated. Why? Because we somehow fixed the prob-lem? No. It is because we have taken our eye off the ball once again. Additional aid for these programs would help not only improve drug interdiction and train Mexican law en-forcement and judicial personnel, it would help them help us work together to combat the threats of these transnational criminal organizations. We should begin to look at the effec-tiveness of these programs so we can take full advantage of the work they do and make sure they are modernized and are more efficient and more effec-tive. I was encouraged to see that the State Department, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Trump ad-ministration have already begun to ne-gotiate new partnerships with Mexico to implement a new strategy to address some of the migrant flows from Central America. I appreciate Secretary Nielsen’s and Secretary Pompeo’s work with Mexican officials—primarily those associated with the incoming ad-ministration of President Lopez Obrador—toward an arrangement where migrants can seek asylum in the United States but wait in Mexico while their claims are being processed. I look forward to attending the inau-guration of Mexico’s incoming Presi-dent this Saturday with Vice President P
ENCE and other Members of Congress. I think this is—hopefully—a gesture that will be appreciated and recip-rocated when it comes to our desire to work closely with this new administra-tion to address many of the problems that I have talked about this morning. Ignoring this problem is not going to make it better; it is only going to get worse. Working together—not just here in Congress but with the administra-tion and our partners to the south—to secure our borders is the only path for-ward. Solving this crisis takes a whole- government strategy and one that looks at all pieces of the puzzle. Instead of shutting down the govern-ment by refusing the President’s re-quest for border security measures, we need to get to work and fix our broken immigration system. I hope our friends across the aisle are ready to leave their criticism behind and join us in solving the problem. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Madam President, on another mat-ter, I ask unanimous consent that the order with respect to the vote on Exec-utive Calendar No. 626 be vitiated; that notwithstanding rule XXII, it be in order to proceed to the nomination the week of December 3; and that if the motion is agreed to, the Senate vote on confirmation with no intervening ac-tion or debate. I further ask that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and that the President be notified immediately of the Senate’s action. I further ask unanimous consent that the pending cloture vote on the Kobes nomination occur at 12 noon today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
YEMEN  
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, we saw yesterday that the vote on the Yemen War Powers Resolution has brought to light the broader issue of our alliance with Saudi Arabia. This is an issue that people have heard a lot about, obviously, in the last few weeks with the murder of a journalist, and the Yemen resolution vote has become a proxy over that matter. I have been outspoken in the past about why it matters that we speak out strongly about and against the murder of this journalist, Khashoggi, but also that we talk more broadly about what we need to do about it and how it applies to our alliance with Saudi Arabia. I want to tailor my comments today by briefly talking about exactly what the implications are based on the ques-tions I get from people. Why does the murder of Khashoggi matter, and why should we care about it? First, this is part of a pattern. The Crown Prince, who is effectively gov-erning Saudi Arabia now, has been con-tinually testing the limits of the world’s patience and also the limits of our alliance. There is a pattern here. We have seen it. He kidnapped, over 2 weeks, the Prime Minister of Lebanon. He has fractured an alliance that once existed with the Gulf Kingdoms. All of it has implications on U.S. national se-curity. So this is just one more esca-lation in a pattern of testing the limits of our alliance. Then there are human rights. Why do human rights matter? For a practical reason, human rights matter. From a practical perspective, when human rights are violated, the result is a hu-manitarian crisis, as we have seen often around the world, which often leads to mass migration. Let me they tell you something else a violation of human rights leads to: radicalization. When you violate a group of people, you mistreat them and abuse them; you leave them ripe for radicalization—for a radical group to come in and basically pull them in and say: We are the ones with the power, the weapons, and willingness to fight. Join us to go after your oppressors. In fact, if you look at what is hap-pening in Yemen, much of it and the Houthis comes from years of abuses against the Shia. It doesn’t justify the radicalization, but it explains that, as it does what we have seen in Iraq and in Syria. Here is one other thing that happens with human rights abuses. The abusers often get overthrown. Here is the prob-lem. When an abusive government that violates human rights gets overthrown, the people who take over hate us be-cause we have been supporting their abusers. These are practical reasons why human rights matter. And there is a moral one. Perhaps in the ranking and order, that is the most important one—the moral one. It is be-cause that is what makes us different from China and Russia and other coun-tries around the world. This is what makes America different. In fact, I would say that the murder of Mr. Khashoggi is more about us. When it comes to our debate, it is about us. It is not just about him. It is about us and who we are and about whether we, as a nation, are prepared to excuse, overlook, or sort of brush away this horrifying incident because somebody buys a lot of things from us or pro-duces a lot of oil. Assuming we can mostly agree on that, the question is, What do we do about it? There is this false choice that has been presented to us. This false choice is that there are only two choices: Either ignore it or abandon and fracture the Saudi alliance. That is not true. There are other choices. It is not just either-or, those two. That is a false choice. What I do believe is the wrong thing to do about it is to pull and yank away our support for Saudi operations in Yemen. Let me explain why. The first is, right now, the only hope of ending that is not winning an armed conflict; it is a peace negotiation. And the peo-ple who have to be at that table aren’t just the Houthis but the deposed Yem-eni President, who is in Saudi Arabia. If we yank our support, the chances of that peace happening diminish signifi-cantly. In fact, the Houthis probably say: The Saudis no longer have U.S. support; they are not as strong as they used to be; I think we can beat them; we don’t need a peace deal. So it actu-ally makes peace less likely. The second thing, from a practical perspective, is that we will have less influence how the Saudis conduct the war, meaning that we will have no standing to have any influence whatso-ever who they bomb, how often they bomb, and who they target. Some peo-ple argue that they will not have the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.007 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7202 November 29, 2018 
weapons to do it with. That is not true. If you don’t think you can buy weapons from immoral and amoral regimes around the world, you are wrong; they can. If you think that somehow this will end their engagement, you are wrong. The reason they are involved in Yemen is that they feel it is an effort by Iran—and, rightfully, they feel this way—to encircle them. If you look at it today, Iran is their enemy. Iran now controls large parts of Syria and is probably the closest gov-ernment in the world to the Syrian re-gime to their northwest. Iraq is closer to Iran than it has ever been in the last 20 years to the north. Iran is to their east. Yemen would be to the south with the Houthis operating from there. They feel that they are being encircled by Iran. They are going to fight, whether we help them or not. We could lose our influence over how they do it. I want to tell you one more thing that will happen. If we pull our sup-port, the chances of a broader, cata-strophic conflict increases dramati-cally. I will lay one scenario out for you. If we pull our support, the Houthis get confident, and they start launching rockets into Saudi Arabia, targeting civilian populations and members of the royal family and killing people. The Saudis respond with dispropor-tionate force or the same level of force, and we begin to escalate. They will not just respond against the Houthis. They may respond against the Iranian inter-ests elsewhere. Suddenly, you have a real live shooting war that extends be-yond this proxy fight. In response to that, the Houthis and Iranians use their presence on the coast and that port city to close off an important chokepoint, the Bab el-Mandeb, that choke point in the Red Sea that con-nects the Mediterranean to the Indian Ocean, where over 4.8 million barrels of oil a day go through. They start bomb-ing oil tankers. They start hitting those, and all of a sudden, the world has to get engaged to open that up. This holds the real potential for a rapid escalation that could involve a much broader conflict than what we are see-ing right now. I know that many of my colleagues yesterday voted for this resolution out of deep frustration. It was a message to the administration that the way they handled this Khashoggi incident is un-acceptable. I hope that message has been received. But this is the wrong way to do the right thing, and that is to ensure that we recalibrate our alli-ance with Saudi Arabia into one where they understand they can’t just do whatever they want. The Crown Prince cannot do whatever he wants. We have leverage in that regard. There is legislation that the Senator from New Jersey, Senator M
ENENDEZ , and others offered. In addition to that, there are things we can do. The leader-ship of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee asked for the imposition of Magnitsky sanctions. That is a power-ful tool. I assure you, there are people in Saudi Arabia around the royal fam-ily, around the government, who deep-ly enjoy being able to invest and spend their wealth in the United States and around the world. They are going to care a lot if, as a result of this murder, they lose access to their money, to their property, to their visas. That is a real leverage point that we have. We have additional tools: religious freedom sanctions and visa bans against other individuals who may not have been involved in the Khashoggi incident but, again, another leverage point. We have leverage points in restrict-ing U.S. investment. One of the biggest proposals the Crown Prince is making is that he wants to diversify their economy and encourage U.S. and West-ern investment into their economy. Placing restrictions on that invest-ment is a significant leverage point. We should use this opportunity to use those leverage points to achieve real changes in our alliance and real changes in their behavior. For exam-ple, the release of Mr. Badawi, an ac-tivist in Saudi Arabia who has been re-peatedly flogged in the past and un-justly held in prison—he should be re-leased. The release of Saudi women ac-tivists who have been tortured and sex-ually harassed while in custody—they should be released. Education re-forms—Saudi Arabia should finally stop publishing these textbooks en-couraging and teaching anti-Semitism and radicalization and dangerous reli-gious notions and theologies that en-courage violence against others. We should require them to restore the Gulf alliance and restore their relationship with Qatar. If they don’t, we will. We should force them to stop funding these Wahhabi schools around the world, in which they are exporting radicalization. All of these things need to happen. There may be other conditions we haven’t thought of. These are real con-sequences that will begin to realign this alliance and make very clear that this is an important alliance, but it is not one that is unlimited or without restrictions or expectations on our part. If we fail to do this, the Crown Prince will take further escalatory and out-rageous actions in the future. He will keep pushing the envelope. This is a young man who has never lived any-where else in the world. He is a Crown Prince, which tells you, not only is he wealthy, he has rarely faced dis-appointment in his life or ever not had something he wanted. He has never lived abroad. I think he is largely naive about foreign policy and thinks he can get away with whatever he wants be-cause at home, he can. We have to make clear that with us, he can’t. You don’t have to blow up the alli-ance to make that message clear. If we don’t make that message clear, he will do more of this in the future, and one day, he may pull us into a war. One day, he may fracture the alliance him-self because he goes too far. He needs to be stopped now. He needs to under-stand that there are limits or he will keep testing those limits. If we fail to do that at this moment, we will live to regret it, and its implications will be extraordinary, and it will be a gift to Iran. That is my last point. What happened here has been a gift to Iran. What they have done has been a gift. Instead of weakening their enemy, they have em-powered them. We do need to take posi-tive action on this. We do need to take things that change and recalibrate this relationship, but yanking support at this moment from the Yemen cam-paign is the wrong way to do the right thing. I hope that many of my colleagues, who yesterday voted to discharge this bill to the floor to send a clear message to the administration that they are un-happy with the response so far—I hope they will reconsider an alternative way forward that doesn’t lead to these con-sequences I have outlined but allows us in the Senate to lead the way with the administration to reset this relation-ship in a way that avoids these prob-lems in the future and lives up to our heritage as a nation whose foreign pol-icy is infused with and supports the de-fense of human rights all over the world. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from New Jersey. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the nomina-tion of Thomas Farr to the Eastern District of North Carolina. Those who sit on the Federal bench are bound to uphold the Constitution for all Ameri-cans, regardless of race, gender, eth-nicity, or political leaning, but Mr. Farr cannot be trusted to defend equal justice under the law. Working to disenfranchise voters with a particular hostility toward Afri-can-American voters has been his life-long passion. Consider his work for Jesse Helms’ 1990 Senate campaign. We all know Helms’ record on race. When the Justice Department brought a lawsuit against the Helms campaign for sending over 100,000 post-cards to mostly African-American vot-ers, falsely warning them that they were ineligible to vote and could be prosecuted for casting a ballot, it was Mr. Farr who defended the scheme. Yet, despite having served as the Helms’ campaign attorney, Farr denied having any involvement with the post-cards in his Senate questionnaire. Mr. Farr claimed he did not ‘‘partici-pate in any meetings in which the post-cards were discussed before they were sent,’’ but according to the former head of the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, Gerald Hebert, ‘‘the answers in [Farr’s] questionnaire are contrary to the facts.’’ Mr. Hebert took contemporaneous notes while investigating the Helms campaign—notes that place Mr. Farr at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.008 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7203 November 29, 2018 
a meeting on the postcard scheme just 3 weeks before they were sent. Years later, Farr led a 3-year legal battle to defend North Carolina law that disgracefully shortened early vot-ing, instituted onerous government ID requirements, and eliminated same-day voter registration and out-of-precinct voting, all of which are known to dis-proportionately suppress minority, el-derly, and disabled voters. Federal courts ruled the law uncon-stitutional for targeting African-Amer-ican voters ‘‘with almost surgical pre-cision’’—purposeful, surgical preci-sion—calling it the most restrictive law since the era of Jim Crow. I know Republicans want to confirm as many judges as possible, but why this judge when there are so many other qualified jurists to choose from? I think it is because they know the GOP agenda of enriching big corpora-tions at the expense of everyday work-ing families is incredibly unpopular with the American people. Consider that while the Republicans held onto the Senate this year, they lost by 16 million votes nationwide. De-mocracy is supposed to be a battle of ideas, but when it comes to healthcare or student loan debt or climate change, they don’t have any. When you can’t win a fair fight, what do you do? You tilt the playing field in your favor. Republicans want to stack the court with judges who will do their bidding— grossly out of step with the American people on everything from voting rights and redistricting to healthcare and climate change, to the constitu-tionality of Whitaker’s appointment to lead the Justice Department. That is what Leader M
CCONNELL meant about nominations being Republicans’ best chance of having a long-term impact on the Nation’s future. It is their best chance at denying minorities from vot-ing and forcing their bad ideas on the American people. The Republicans are so intent on confirming judges with shameful records on voter suppression that they have shredded the blue-slip process here in the Senate, which allows the Senators to green-light or to prevent hearings on nominees from their home States. It is a process—Senator H
ATCH  once called the blue-slip process the last remaining check on the Presi-dent’s judicial appointment power. Ironically, back in 2013, when Presi-dent Obama nominated an African- American assistant U.S. attorney named Jennifer May-Parker to this very seat, the Democrats respected Senator B
URR’s decision not to return a blue slip, and then-Chairman P
AT L
EAHY chose not to hold a Judiciary Committee hearing. Then, in 2016, President Obama nominated Patricia Timmons-Goodson, the first African- American woman on the North Caro-lina Supreme Court, to this same seat. If confirmed, either of these trail-blazing women would have become the first African American to serve in the Eastern District of North Carolina—a district that is 27-percent African American. Yet neither Senator BURR nor Senator T
ILLIS returned a blue slip for Ms. Timmons-Goodson; thus, Chair-man G
RASSLEY did not act on her nom-ination. Yet, today, President Trump’s nomi-nees are being confirmed despite objec-tions from home State Senators. Paul Matey, a nominee from New Jersey, will likely become another example. Neither I nor Senator B
OOKER were meaningfully consulted by the White House regarding New Jersey’s open seat on the Third Circuit. For several reasons, we haven’t returned blue slips for Paul Matey; yet they moved ahead with the hearing for him. So it has been eviscerated—totally, totally. It has gone little by little. First, if one of the two Senators turned in a blue slip, that was enough. Now it doesn’t matter that neither Senator turns in a blue slip; they go ahead with the hearing and probably with a vote. So the precious check and balance that Senator H
ATCH talked about as the last vestige of a check and balance on judi-cial nominations has largely been lost. The Republicans claim to be the party of conservatism. Yet I see noth-ing conservative in their willingness to sweep aside century-old procedures for policy gain. They put their party be-fore their country and show no fidelity to the institutions that have truly made this country great. Something is wrong with any political party that makes the suppression of voters its chief electoral strategy. Mr. Farr is just one more card in their deliberate effort to stack the deck against our de-mocracy, to disenfranchise voters and force their unpopular, bad ideas on our country. For the sake of our democracy, I urge my colleagues, in this case particu-larly, to do the decent thing, to do the right thing—to stand up for the voting rights of all Americans and reject this nominee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Is there a time limit? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no time limit. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you. I know there are others waiting, so I don’t es-timate I will take more than 10 or 12 minutes. I rise in opposition to the nomination of Tom Farr to the Eastern District of North Carolina. I do so as the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. The vote for Mr. Farr’s nomination, as Members know, had been scheduled for today, but it has been postponed. Mr. Farr’s long career indicates that his history raises serious questions about his ability to safeguard voting rights for all Americans. In fact, he has a history involving voter suppression efforts, which leads me to question his qualifications to even be a Federal judge. Farr’s hostility toward voting rights can be traced back to the 1980s and 1990s when he worked as a lead attor-ney for Senator Jesse Helms’ reelection campaign. Media reports indicate that he was not truthful in his responses to questions for the record about his in-volvement in voter suppression efforts that were orchestrated by the Helms campaign and by the Republican Party of North Carolina. Here are the facts: In 1990, Helms was in a tight race with the mayor of Charlotte, Harvey Gantt, and the campaign implemented a strategy to suppress and confuse Af-rican-American voters. The Helms campaign and the North Carolina GOP implemented a so-called ballot security program. That program included send-ing more than 120,000 postcards almost exclusively to African-American vot-ers, saying they were required to live in a precinct for at least 30 days prior to election day and could be subjected to criminal prosecution. This information was, in fact, false. In fact, one African-American voter in the State who received a postcard that informed him that he could not vote if he had not lived in his voting precinct for at least 30 days had lived at the same address for more than 30 years and had been registered to vote that entire time. So clearly these postcards were designed to intimidate African- American voters. In committee, I asked Mr. Farr about this program and his participation in it. He told me that he did not provide any counsel and was not aware of the postcards until after they were sent. Former Federal prosecutor Gerald Hebert, who had worked on voting rights issues at the time, contradicted these statements. To get to the bottom of it, the Demo-crats on the Judiciary Committee re-quested a copy of a Justice Department memo that reportedly detailed Farr’s role in this voter suppression incident, but the Department would not provide a copy of the memo. The Washington Post has now obtained the memo, which clearly shows that Farr was, in fact, involved in these voter intimida-tion efforts. I ask unanimous consent that the ap-propriate parts of the Washington Post article and a memorandum be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 27, 2018] F
ATE OF DIVISIVE JUDICIAL NOMINEE FROM N
ORTH CAROLINA UNCERTAIN AMIDCRITICISM  (By Seung Min Kim and John Wagner) The fate of President Trump’s divisive ju-dicial nominee hung in the balance Tuesday as a Republican senator remained undecided on whether to confirm Thomas Farr, who previously worked to defend North Carolina voting laws ruled to have been discrimina-tory against African Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.009 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7204 November 29, 2018 
Senate Democrats have been particularly critical of Farr, an attorney in Raleigh who backed a law that the courts called ‘‘the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.’’ All 49 Democrats oppose the nomination. Andrew Gillum and Stacey Abrams, two black candidates who fell short in high-pro-file gubernatorial races this month, criti-cized the nomination in a new statement Tuesday, underscoring the national fight over Farr’s nomination to a seat on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina. ‘‘Thomas Farr’s record of hostility and dis-regard for fundamental civil rights disquali-fies him for a lifetime appointment that will allow him to codify his discriminatory ide-ology into law,’’ Gillum and Abrams said in a joint statement. ‘‘North Carolina’s Eastern District—where most of the state’s African Americans live—should be represented by a Bench that represents its diversity, not one that actively works to disenfranchise them.’’ Senate Republican leaders have been pub-licly confident that they will have the votes to confirm Farr, although they will almost certainly need to summon Vice President Pence to break a 50–50 tie. Sen. Jeff Flake (R–Ariz.) has vowed to op-pose all judicial nominations until the cham-ber votes on legislation that he is seeking that would protect special counsel Robert S. Mueller III. Sen. Tim Scott (R–S.C.) said Tuesday that he had made no decision on the nomination. Farr worked on the 1990 campaign of Sen. Jesse Helms (R–N.C.), which came under scrutiny for distributing postcards that the Justice Department later said were sent to intimidate black voters from heading to the polls. The postcard issue has become one factor in the unusually bitter nomination fight. In response to questions from Democrats, Farr has denied any role in drafting the postcards and said he did not know about them until after the mailers were sent, saying he was ‘‘appalled’’ when he found out about them. A 1991 Justice Department document newly obtained by The Washington Post sheds some light on Helms’s campaign and the state Republican Party’s broader ‘‘ballot security’’ program, of which the postcards were one component. Farr served as a lead lawyer for Helms. The DOJ document, called a justification memo, elaborates on a meeting disclosed by Farr in a letter to Sen. Cory Booker (D–N.J.) last year. In that five-page letter, Farr said he participated in a ‘‘ballot security’’ meet-ing of the Helms campaign in October 1990 in which he said there was no need to do a card mailing because returned cards could no longer be used to challenge voter legitimacy. The DOJ document obtained by The Post outlined the basis for the DOJ complaint against the Helms campaign and the North Carolina Republican Party for the more than 120,000 postcards sent primarily to black vot-ers that officials said were an attempt to dis-suade them from voting. At the meeting, Farr told others that there were a limited number of ballot security ini-tiatives that the groups could undertake at that point in the race, according to the memo. He also said because the current Re-publican governor could tap a majority of county election officials statewide, the need for a ballot security program that year was lessened because ‘‘they would ensure a fair election process for Republican candidates.’’ During the meeting, participants also re-viewed the Helms campaign’s 1984 ballot se-curity effort Farr had coordinated ‘‘with an eye toward the activities that should be un-dertaken in 1990,’’ the DOJ wrote in the memo. The document did not say directly whether the controversial postcards were discussed as part of that effort, and Farr has repeatedly denied any prior knowledge of those mailers. Farr was not named in the DOJ complaint against the Republican entities, and he also signed a consent decree that effectively set-tled the issue in early 1992. Sen. Thom Tillis (R–N.C.), one of Farr’s most vocal supporters, had asked a former prosecutor to investigate the claims that Farr was directly involved with the con-troversial postcards. That investigation has turned up no evidence. ‘‘I’d ask them one simple question: When in the history of the DOJ have they allowed somebody who was subject to the investiga-tion negotiate the consent agreement and sign it?’’ Tillis said Tuesday. ‘‘Never hap-pens, which is exactly why these are baseless claims.’’ Booker had requested DOJ release the jus-tification memo, but it declined, citing con-fidentiality issues. A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment Tuesday on the memo. Farr did not return an email re-questing a comment; nor did the White House. The Senate Judiciary Committee advanced Farr’s confirmation with a party-line vote in January. Republicans in control of the North Carolina General Assembly hired Farr and others in his law firm to defend congres-sional boundaries it approved in 2011. In 2016, a federal court struck down the map as a ra-cial gerrymander. Farr also helped defend a 2013 voter ID law that was considered one of the strictest in the nation. In addition to requiring residents to show identification before they could cast a ballot, the law also eliminated same-day voter registration, got rid of seven days of early voting and ended out-of-precinct vot-ing. A federal court ruled in 2016 that the pri-mary purpose of North Carolina’s law wasn’t to stop voter fraud but rather to disenfran-chise minority voters. The judges wrote that the law targeted African Americans ‘‘with almost surgical precision,’’ in part because the only acceptable forms of voter identifica-tion were ones disproportionately used by white people. Farr has a ‘‘well qualified’’ rating from the American Bar Association and was pre-viously nominated to the same post by Presi-dent George W. Bush. Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schu-mer (D–N.Y.) said he spoke to Gillum and Abrams earlier in the day and that they ‘‘were hurt by attempts to limit voting rights.’’ During a floor speech, Schumer called Farr the ‘‘chief cook and bottle wash-er’’ for the contested laws in North Carolina. ‘‘I don’t care what your party is, and I don’t care what your political ideology is,’’ Schumer said. ‘‘How can you have this man in the court?’’ The history of the seat Farr would fill also has contributed to the acrimony over his nomination. President Barack Obama nomi-nated two African American women for the post during his tenure, but neither was granted a hearing. This is the longest cur-rent court vacancy nationwide. Sen. Marco Rubio (R–Fla.) has been consid-ered a potential ‘‘no’’ voted on Farr because he was prepared earlier this year to join Scott in voting against another judicial nominee with a history of racially charged writing. That nomination was withdrawn. On Tuesday, however, Rubio—who was briefed by his staff on the nomination Tues-day evening—was prepared to vote for Farr barring any new information that may come out about him, according to a Senate official familiar with his thinking. Sen. Susan Collins (R–Maine), another po-tential swing vote, also backs Farr. A CTION MEMORANDUM —RECOMMENDED LAW-
SUIT AGAINST NORTH CAROLINA REPUBLICAN  P
ARTY , HELMS CAMPAIGN FOR SENATE COM-
MITTEE , ET AL . UNDER 42 U.S.C. 1971(b) AND 42 U.S.C. 1973i(b) (June 19, 1991) From John P. Dunne, Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights Division. Lee H. Rubin, Attorney, Voting Section, Civil Rights Division. 
[EXCERPT : PAGE 8 –9] D. The Investigation Our investigation began on November 1, 1990, the day we obtained reliable informa-tion that the postcards at issue had been sent primarily to black voters throughout the State. On that day, we requested that the FBI contact Jack Hawke, Chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party, and ask Mr. Hawke, among other things, the method used to select the voters who were sent postcards and all plans regarding the use of the returned postcards. Mr. Hawke re-fused to return FBI Agent George Dyer’s phone calls, and eventually referred Dyer to his attorney, Thomas Farr, an attorney with Maupin, Taylor, Ellis and Adams, in Raleigh, who was immediately advised by Mr. Dyer of the information we sought from the North Carolina Republican Party. On Monday, November 5, 1990, after receiv-ing no information responsive to our request, you contacted Mr. Farr and insisted that he provide us with the information we re-quested by that afternoon. During this con-versation, Farr assured you that no informa-tion obtained from the returned cards would be used as a basis to challenge voters on election day. Late in the afternoon on No-vember 5, Farr telefaxed to us a list of pre-cincts, which he orally represented to be the precincts in which the voters selected to re-ceive the postcards resided. Although Farr also advised us that Hawke would be made available that day for an interview with Dyer and myself, Hawke in fact did not sub-mit to a voluntary interview that day. The lack of cooperation which marked the initial stages of the investigation has per-sisted during the course of our investigation. Soon after the election, we contacted the North Carolina Republican Party, the Jeffer-son Marketing Companies, Mr. Ed Locke, and Mr. Doug Davidson, and requested that they provide us with all information rel-evant to our investigation. Mr. Hawke and Ms. Effie Pernell, the Executive Director of the North Carolina Republican Party, volun-tarily spoke with Dyer on November 9, 1990. In late November, we received a request from Mr. Michael Carvin, one of the attorneys rep-resenting the North Carolina Republican Party, for a meeting with Department attor-neys to discuss our investigation. At the time we received this request, we were on the verge of obtaining voluntary statements from individuals associated with Jefferson Marketing and from Doug Davidson. How-ever, the respective counsel chose to delay the scheduling of any interviews until we re-sponded to Mr. Carvin’s request. Asserting that the requested meeting would be ‘‘pre-mature,’’ we declined the invitation to meet with Carvin on December 21. 
[EXCERPT : PAGE 11 –14] D. The 1990 ‘‘Ballot Security’’ Program The postcard mailing was one component of the 1990 ‘‘ballot security’’ program fi-nanced by the NCGOP. The wheels for the 1990 ‘‘ballot security’’ program were set in motion long before the actual mailing of the postcards. According to Doug Davidson, of Campaign Management, Inc., ‘‘ballot secu-rity’’ was discussed at several meetings held during the summer months of 1990. These meetings were attended by Davidson, Carter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.003 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7205 November 29, 2018 
Wrenn, a consultant to the Helms Com-mittee, Peter Moore, the campaign manager for the Helms committee, Jack Hawke, Chairman of the NCGOP, and Effie Pernell, Executive Director of the NCGOP. During these meetings, in addition to discussing general campaign strategy, Davidson recalls that a consensus was reached that some type of ‘‘ballot security’’ effort needed to be un-dertaken prior to the 1990 general election. Peter Moore confirmed Davidson’s recollec-tions, as he recalls meetings in which discus-sions focused upon the need for a ‘‘ballot se-curity’’ program in connection with the No-vember, 1990 election. At one of these meet-ings involving the leadership of the Helms Committee and the NCGOP, the decision was made to budget $25,000 for the 1990 ‘‘ballot se-curity’’ program and to finance the ‘‘ballot security’’ program with NCGOP funds. In early September, 1990, Ed Locke, a polit-ical consultant from Charlotte who had played a major role in organizing the 1984 ‘‘ballot security’’ program for the NCGOP and the 1984 Helms Committee, contacted Tom Farr to offer his services for coordi-nating the 1990 ‘‘ballot security’’ program. On October 16th, Davidson and possibly Tom Farr, who had worked with Ed Locke on the 1984 ‘‘ballot security’’ program for the NCGOP and the Helms Committee, contacted Locke by telephone in Charlotte and asked Locke if he would be willing to meet in Ra-leigh to discuss the 1990 ‘‘ballot security’’ program. Apparently Peter Moore and Carter Wrenn had been consulted concerning con-tacting Locke for discussions on the ‘‘ballot security’’ program and had given their as-sent to pursue such discussions. Locke agreed to meet with the Helms Committee representatives and flew to Raleigh the next day. In Raleigh, he met initially with Moore, Davidson, and Farr. This meeting was held at Farr’s law firm, Maupin, Taylor, Ellis & Adams. At the meeting, the participants ap-parently reviewed the 1984 ‘‘ballot security’’ program with an eye toward the activities that should be undertaken in 1990. Davidson stated that by the end of the meeting they had formulated a tentative outline for the 1990 ‘‘ballot security’’ effort. Davidson re-calls that a mailing targeted at voters who no longer resided in the precinct in which they are registered was one of the projects suggested for 1990. They also discussed who would be best suited to coordinate the ‘‘bal-lot security’’ effort. According to Farr, he told the attendees of the meeting that there was only a limited number of ‘‘ballot security’’ programs that could be undertaken with only about three weeks left in the election. Farr also stated that the need for a ‘‘ballot security’’ pro-gram was not as compelling as in 1984, since, unlike in 1984, the state had a Republican governor. Since the Governor has power to appoint two out of the three members of each county’s board of elections, Farr ex-plained that the Republican-controlled coun-ty election boards throughout the state would serve effectively as a statewide ‘‘bal-lot security’’ program, as they would ensure a fair election process for Republican can-didates. He suggested that contact be made with a Republican board of elections member in every county to ensure that they will be working on election day. He also suggested that, to the extent that any ‘‘ballot secu-rity’’ programs are undertaken, they should focus on those precincts with little or no Re-publican presence at the polls. To this end, he advised that the Helms Committee/ NCGOP should hire observers to watch the opening and closing of the polls in such pre-cincts. He suggested that it may also be helpful to publicize the fact that a ‘‘ballot security’’ program is going to be undertaken. When the idea of a card mailing was raised, Farr told us that he explained to Locke and the others that while during the 1984 elec-tion, state law provided that returned post-cards may serve as prima facie evidence that a voter was not properly registered to vote in that precinct, such procedures had been altered subsequent to that election so that a returned mailing could no longer serve to support an election day challenge of voters. He told the others that in light of this change, a postcard mailing like the mailing conducted in 1984 would not be particularly useful, except for use as evidence in post- election challenges. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. The memo includes Farr’s own retelling of meetings in which sending postcards to voters was discussed. In fact, Farr told colleagues that postcards might not be as effec-tive in kicking voters off the rolls as they had been in 1984. It is impossible, though, to square this memo with Farr’s denial to the Judiciary Com-mittee that he had any knowledge of these actions. In addition, since that time, Mr. Farr has remained active in efforts to de-press and dilute African-American vot-ing. In several cases, Farr defended North Carolina’s congressional and leg-islative districts that were drawn after the 2010 Census against allegations that the State legislature drew them to dilute the vote of African Americans. Farr has defended these districts before North Carolina’s State courts, Federal courts, and the Supreme Court. How-ever, in each instance, his arguments have been rejected. In North Carolina v. Covington, a three-judge panel in the Middle Dis-trict of North Carolina found that ‘‘race was the predominant factor mo-tivating the drawing of all challenged [state legislative] districts.’’ In Harris v. McCrory, two of the three Federal judges on a panel held that the State’s congressional redis-tricting plan violated the 14th Amend-ment’s equal protection clause. In 2016, Farr also defended North Carolina’s restrictive voter ID law in the North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP v. McCrory. He had served as an adviser to the State legislature as it was considering that legislation. In arguing before the Fourth Circuit, Farr strongly denied that racial ani-mus toward African Americans was the motivation for the voter ID law. The court, however, strongly disagreed. In striking down the law, the court strongly rejected Farr’s arguments, noting that the law’s requirements ‘‘target African Americans with almost surgical precision.’’ That is the Fourth Circuit’s confirming that racial animus was part of this. The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation expressed its strong oppo-sition to Farr’s nomination, writing that ‘‘Farr has amassed a record that puts him at the forefront of an ex-tended fight to disenfranchise African- American voters.’’ Opposition to Farr’s nomination has been compounded by the history of this particular vacancy, which has been open for a long time—actually, since 2006. President Obama nominated two highly qualified African-American women to fill the vacancy. Either would have been the first African American to serve on the court—a long-overdue milestone in a district in which more than 25 percent of the pop-ulation is African American. The first nominee, Jennifer May- Parker, served as chief of the Appellate Division at the U.S. Attorney’s Office in the Eastern District of North Caro-lina. By that time, she had served in the U.S. Attorney’s Office for 14 years. Her nomination did not move forward because she didn’t receive a blue slip from the State’s Republican Senator even though he had initially rec-ommended her to the White House as a potential nominee. The second nominee, Patricia Timmons-Goodson, served as the vice chair of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. She had previously served as an associate justice on the North Carolina Supreme Court and as an associate judge for the North Carolina Court of Appeals. Again, Republicans did not allow her nomination to move forward. While the Republicans have under-mined the blue-slip policy to confirm President Trump’s judicial nominees, it is important to know that the only reason Tom Farr’s nomination is under consideration today is that Republican blue slips were honored by the Demo-crats during the Obama administra-tion. In short, the Republicans blocked two highly qualified African-American women from filling the vacancy in order to hold the seat open for a White nominee with a history of disenfranchising Black Americans. I am sorry to say that, but that is the way it was. It is impossible to see how the people Tom Farr would serve in the Eastern District of North Carolina would ever believe they would be getting a fair shot in his courtroom. The Senate should reject this nominee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, on May 5 of this year, NASA launched the InSight rocket. That probe, the In-Sight probe, has traveled 300 million miles since May of this year and has touched down safely on Mars. It is a re-markable achievement. The United States is the only country in the world that has any probes on Mars. We have several now that are moving around and are stable. The technology behind that—the thought, the design, the en-gineering, the work—is a remarkable achievement for the science commu-nity. The 300 million-plus miles that it has traveled since May and to be able to land safely is a remarkable achieve-ment. I compared that 300-mile journey of the InSight probe and safely landing on Mars to our now two-decades-long conversation trying to solve immigra-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.004 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7206 November 29, 2018 
As Americans, we have figured out how to travel 300 million miles, but we have not been able to figure out how to manage our own immigration policy. This is the 10th time I have come to this floor to talk about immigration in just the last 3 years. Earlier this year in February, we had a tremendous amount of work that was happening here in the Senate to try to come to a set of agreements about how we can manage the immigration policy in the United States, and those agree-ments failed. While InSight was trav-eling 300 million miles, the Senate still did nothing to solve the issue of immi-gration. We watched today several thousand people in Tijuana living in a soccer sta-dium after they left from Honduras. They traveled into Guatemala. The Guatemalans deported several thou-sands of them and said: You didn’t cross legally from Honduras into Gua-temala. Then they approached the border be-tween Guatemala and Mexico, and Mexico put their law enforcement and their military on the border and said: You can’t just cross the border ille-gally from Guatemala to Mexico. Then they charged the bridge, overran the law enforcement and the military of the Mexican police, went around into the river, and then regrouped again and continued to move forward to Mexico. Mexico offered them asylum, which I thought was incredibly gracious, based on the way they crossed into Mexico. Mexico offered them asylum and the ability to stay in Mexico. They offered them assistance all along the way. They did arrest some troublemakers along the way. Now they have made their way all the way through Mexico, and they are just outside San Diego. A few days ago, the same group rushed our border to see if our border would cave the same way the southern border of Mexico did. Yet we did not. Interestingly enough, that group of several thousand people who rushed the border, who are now parked on that border, are literally living within a few 100 yards of the largest legal border crossing in the world—the San Diego crossing. There are 100,000 people a day who legally cross the border from Mex-ico into the United States, within feet of where they charged the border and demanded to get entry into the United States. Let me just set that for you again side by side. There are 100,000 people every single day who legally cross the border from Mexico into the United States at the Tijuana-San Diego crossing. Yet the attention is not on the 100,000 who are legally cross-ing the border. The cameras are turned toward the few thousand who are try-ing to rush the border illegally. Our perspective is out of whack. We are not a closed country to immi-gration. We are an open country to im-migration. There are 1.1 million people who last year became citizens of the United States—1.1 million—but we are a Nation that has order and structure. We have 1 million people every single day who leave the United States, com-ing in legally either through Canada or through Mexico or based on flights. Our law enforcement folks who handle all the issues there—Border Patrol, customs, and all of the different folks from ICE—do a tremendous job every single day. I think Secretary Nielsen and her leadership has been stellar in their leadership to help manage through a PR nightmare that has been created because the cameras want to focus on a few people crossing illegally and refuse to turn the cameras just 15 degrees and focus on 100,000 people coming across the border legally. We do have to do something about our immigration policy. We are a Na-tion that has been open to immigrants our entire history as a nation, and we remain so and should remain so. But the question seems to get spun up on this one issue: What do we do about someone who intentionally breaks the law to come into our coun-try? How do we treat them versus the person who has gone through the proc-ess and who is legally coming into the country? Are they to be treated the same if they illegally cross the border at San Diego as someone who legally crosses the border at San Diego, or do we treat them differently? Last year, there were 400,000 people who were arrested for illegally crossing our southern border—400,000. Again, that may seem like an incredibly large number, but let me put that back in perspective. Half a million people— that would be 500,000 people—legally cross our border on the south every day. So we had 400,000 people arrested crossing our southern border illegally— 400,000—but yet over the total of an en-tire year, there are 400,000 people ar-rested, but every single day 500,000 peo-ple legally cross our entire southern border. As I mentioned, 100,000 of those are just at San Diego. We, as Americans, need to make deci-sions about how we are going to handle immigration. I think we have to get some numbers and some perspective in place because all of the attention seems to be distracting us from the ac-tual facts and numbers. So let me run through some things. There has been a lot of conversation about family units, about what it means for family units to be able to come in and whether family units should be separated. Let me make it very clear. I have been very outspoken to say that family units need to stay together whenever possible. We are Americans. We are very pas-sionate about families. If a family unit crosses the border illegally, as much as possible, we need to keep that family unit together. That may mean we need to have them in a spot in a detention unit or someplace where they can actu-ally stay together as a family as much as possible, but, for whatever reason, the courts have not allowed us to go through that system. I think that is something that this Congress needs to respond to and needs to step up to, but this Congress has been unwilling to have the votes that it takes to make sure family units stay together because the drama of tearing families apart looks so much better on TV. What has been the result of that? The result is a massive increase in the number of children who are coming to our border. This may sound familiar to you, and it should. In 2014, under the time of President Obama, he an-nounced the DACA proposal, or De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, President Obama looked at those indi-viduals who were living in the country here, who had been here for a long time, who came as children. Their par-ents broke the law by crossing the bor-der, but they were children. In American law, we do not punish children for the actions of their par-ents. We don’t do that. So President Obama looked at these kids and said: You have grown up in our country. Your parents violated the law, but you did not. We are going to give you de-ferred action. We are going to give you the opportunity to be able to work and to be able to live here. It wasn’t citi-zenship, but it is an opportunity to stay here and to work. As soon as that was announced, with-in months, the American border start-ed being flooded with unaccompanied minors—kids 17 years old and younger who would cross the border. They showed up in the thousands. They were brought by human smugglers from Cen-tral America who make their living moving people from Central America to the United States. That business started traveling all through Central America saying: President Obama is going to allow you to be able to stay in the country. He has just announced this program, and if you will go now with me, you will get to stay in Amer-ica. So parents were literally surren-dering their teenagers, most of them boys, and saying to their boys: Go to America and go find a job and work and send money back. They would send their kids with human smugglers. President Obama then said: Time out. That is not what I said. President Obama was very clear to say: You had to have been here years ago. You are not eligible if you cross the border now. Do not come. Our State Department actively worked to get the message out in Cen-tral America, saying: Do not come. You will not be able to stay. But the human smugglers were tell-ing them: They are just kidding. I am going to take you, and we will show you that we can get you in. What happened is that they started bringing kids by the thousands up to the border. When they got there, they were introduced to the border folks. They would go in, and they would get an opportunity to all stay. They would get a piece of paper that said they can’t be deported while they go through their paperwork. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.012 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7207 November 29, 2018 
Those kids then were taking a pic-ture of that piece of paper, saying: I got in. I am legal. They were snapping that picture and sending it back on social media to their friends in Central America. It just accelerated, and it blew up into huge numbers. In my State of Oklahoma, President Obama used one of the military bases there in Watonga, OK. He converted one of the dorms and was moving unac-companied minors into this military base around a big giant fence in the middle of the base, just as he used other military bases to house unaccom-panied minors because they were com-ing in such large numbers that they couldn’t be managed. That was under President Obama’s time. It took a long time—several years— to get the message back out to Central America: Stop sending your unaccom-panied minors because it is not just an automatic entry. Then the conversation started about family units, saying: If you come as a family unit, you are going to be able to get in. Now, that is not what everybody was saying here, but that is what the smug-glers said back in Central America. They said: Hey, the Americans allow you to come in if you come in as a fam-ily unit. So bring a child with you, and you can get in. Over the last year, we have watched the number of adults showing up with a child on our southern border dramati-cally increase by the tens of thou-sands—an unintended consequence. It is interesting. Some may have noted over the weekend a Washington Post story that was titled: ‘‘For Cen-tral Americans, children open a path to the U.S.—and bring a discount.’’ The Washington Post story was a story about research they are doing in Cen-tral America on these human smug-glers and what they are doing now in their business. In the story they de-tailed that it will cost $10,000 if you travel as an adult, but if you bring a child with you, you and the child can come for $4,500. So it is half price if you bring a kid, and families are so des-perate in that area to get some kind of assistance that, literally, adult males, mostly, are going to families and say-ing: Let me take your child with me. I will get a discount, and then I will send you some cash back, and I will try to enroll this child in an American school or find somebody to take care of them. We have individuals who are now showing up at our southern border who are bringing a child they are not re-lated to because they get a discount on their human smuggling time, and they get more expedited process to be able to actually get across the border to re-quest asylum. Although, they are not actually requesting asylum. They are just getting across the border and try-ing to find a job. It is economics. Do we not see what is happening? We are encouraging the human trafficking of children from Central America, from unrelated adults, to come here. It has a nickname in Central America now, which the Washington Post story high-lighted. It is called ‘‘adoptions.’’ That is the new nickname—that I am going to take my child and adopt them out to some unrelated adult so they can get into America cheaper and faster, and, hopefully, things turn out for that kid as well. Our broken immigration sys-tem is encouraging this, and we need to address it. Over the last 2 years, Congress has appropriated about $1.7 billion to build 124 miles of new or replacement fencing along the border. This funding is not some tall, concrete tapeworm running along the southern border. It is a fence. In 2006, it wasn’t controversial for the Secure Fence Act. The Secure Fence Act built 650 miles of wall— fence—along the southern border. That fence was very effective. For instance, earlier this year, Con-gress provided funding to replace 14 miles of fencing along the border be-tween San Diego and Tijuana, Mexico. For the last 20 years, the border be-tween Tijuana and San Diego has been actually old metal sheets from the Vietnam era that were used in Vietnam to lay out on the jungle floor to land helicopters on. They took that old sheet metal decades ago when they brought it back, and then they used it as the fencing between San Diego and Tijuana. That fencing is being re-placed. Congress provided the funding, and DHS has done 18-foot-high, bollard- style fencing, open fencing that you can see through, not the solid sheet metal that is up there. Although the actual final results haven’t been re-leased on it yet, the border agents on the ground have said they used to have 10 illegal crossings a day through that old-style fencing. Now they have one il-legal crossing a month through that new fencing. For all of the whining and all of the conversation I hear, which is that if you build a fence, it is just a ladder, it has dropped from 10 a day to 1 a month, just when the fencing changed. It also allows our agents to see a danger or a risk on the other side and respond to it. By the end of the next fiscal year, DHS will have completed about 120 miles of new fencing in California, Ne-vada, and Texas. They have also in-stalled 100 different video towers be-cause it is not about fencing, it is also about technology and the ability to see what is happening at the border. We don’t need fencing in every area of a 2,000-mile border. Just since January 2017 until now, DHS has put up 31 different fixed sur-veillance towers along the southern border. They have put in 74 different remote video surveillance systems all along our southern border and 7 com-mand and control facilities on the southern border. They put up a tunnel threat program. They have put in what is called a linear ground detection sys-tem and a fiber optic detection system across our southern border in many areas to detect the tunnels that are being dug to move illegal narcotics, mostly, in those tunnels, rather than people. They put up mobile surveil-lance systems. This is not just about fencing, it is also about technology. DHS has done both, and it is making a difference. While the cameras are focused on children coughing from tear gas at our southern border, we need to ask our-selves a question: What are we doing in the policy that is encouraging people to bring children to the border think-ing they are going to get faster access if they can illegally cross? Why is this happening? How do we stop it with our policy? This Nation should continue to be open. We should continue to receive immigrants from around the world, in-cluding from Central America and from Mexico. I have neighbors and friends all through my community who are from Central America and from Mex-ico. They are welcome citizens of our country. They are part of the fabric of who we are—people from all over the world—but I have a very difficult time saying that 100,000 people at the San Diego crossing who are crossing legally should be ignored every single day for the sake of a few thousand who want to crash the fence, who crashed the bar-riers in Southern Mexico and who are working to crash the barriers here. We need to have a more reasoned response to this. Listen, if you have never been to a naturalization service, you ought to go. I have a staff member whom I com-pletely agree with who says: I can’t ever go to a naturalization service and not cry. So far, I have never been to a naturalization service where I don’t cry. They are exceptionally moving events, to watch a large group of peo-ple from all backgrounds, from all lan-guages, standing and raising their right hand and pledging allegiance to a brandnew country. People who have set aside their old path to realize—for many of them this was years in the process, to legally go through all of the right checks and get to that point. For those 1.1 million people who do that every year, we honor those individuals and welcome them openly. Let’s honor people who are doing it the right way. Let’s fix broken areas of the system that are encouraging people to bring children because they get a discount if they travel with children il-legally across our border. Let’s find a way to work out work visas. Let’s deal with issues like temporary protective status that need to be resolved. Let’s deal with the issues of our immigra-tion, but let’s not continue to stall. If the Mars InSight probe can travel 300 million miles in 5 months, surely this Congress can sit down and resolve the immigration issue in a few months. I look forward to that in the next Con-gress and in the days ahead to finally getting this resolved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.013 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7208 November 29, 2018 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, there has been a lot of activity in the Senate today, and I wish to cover a couple of topics, starting with the nomination of Thomas Farr to be a U.S. District Court judge for the East-ern District of North Carolina. I under-stand we will not be voting on that nomination today. I hope our colleagues will take the time between now and whenever we may cast a final vote on that nomina-tion to take another look at the record because a number of very informative things have come out in recent days about Mr. Farr’s record. I want to take us back to a moment where this Senate Chamber was back in 2006. Back in 2006, the U.S. Senate passed the Voting Rights Reauthoriza-tion Act by a vote of 98 to 0. Ninety- eight Senators in favor of the Voting Rights Act Reauthorization—none op-posed. The House passed the same bill by a vote of 390 to 33. President Bush signed that bill into law. Fast forward to 2013, we have a case in the Supreme Court, Shelby County v. Holder. The Supreme Court, by a vote of 5 to 4, took a big bite out of the enforcement provisions of the Voting Rights Act. They eliminated the preclearance provisions. What we saw within a matter of weeks and months were States around the country that had previously been subject to the preclearance provisions beginning to enact laws putting up barriers to peo-ple’s ability to vote, especially minor-ity voters. Texas enacted legislation and North Carolina enacted legislation, among others. I want to focus for a moment on what happened in North Carolina because in North Carolina the State legislature passed a bill that put up all sorts of ob-stacles that made it much harder—for African Americans especially—to cast their vote, to exercise their right to vote. When that bill was appealed to the Fourth Circuit, the Fourth Circuit found that North Carolina State legis-lation had targeted African-American voters with almost ‘‘surgical preci-sion,’’ and they threw out that North Carolina law. Well, just a few days ago, this Senate confirmed a nominee to be legal coun-sel at the Department of Agriculture, Stephen Vaden, who was one of the people who filed and coauthored an amicus brief in support of the North Carolina law that was overturned. The Senate acted, and we did that. It turns out that just a few days later, we have a nomination not for the general counsel for the Department of Agriculture but for somebody to be on the U.S. courts who was the architect and the defender of these North Caro-lina laws, Thomas Farr. That same law which the Court said targeted African Americans with almost surgical preci-sion, trying to deny them their right to vote, was also found by the Court to be ‘‘the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crowe.’’ Thomas Farr wasn’t just a key player in that case in defending North Caro-lina’s discriminatory law, he was also a key player in passing other North Carolina laws that have been thrown out because of their discriminatory im-pact. He was in the middle of North Carolina’s effort to redraw State legis-lative lines for both State House dis-tricts and State Senate districts that the U.S. Supreme Court threw out on the grounds that it was racially dis-criminatory, but his history in trying to put up barriers to minority voting rights goes back even further. I have in my hand a memorandum, dated June 19, 1991, from within the Justice Department. It was during the administration of George Herbert Walker Bush. It is a memo recom-mending that the United States bring a lawsuit against the North Carolina Re-publican Party and the Helms for Sen-ate Committee—that would be Jesse Helms, former Senator—for conducting a postcard mailing program designed to intimidate and threaten Black voters throughout the State of North Carolina in order to discourage them from par-ticipating in the November 6, 1990, gen-eral election. I urge all of my colleagues to read this memorandum from the Justice De-partment during the time George Bush was President. I especially direct them to page 12. There is a footnote on page 12 that talks about Thomas Farr’s work in this area of trying to put up barriers to voting, going way back to not just the 1990 election but back to the 1984 election of Senator Jesse Helms. In fact, this Department of Justice memorandum states that Farr was the primary coordinator of the 1984 ‘‘ballot security’’ program conducted by the North Carolina GOP and the 1984 Helms for Senate Committee. He—referring to Thomas Farr—coordinated several ‘‘ballot security’’ activities in 1984, in-cluding a postcard mailing to voters in predominantly Black precincts which was designed to serve as a basis to challenge voters on Election Day. I don’t know what has happened to the Senate between 2006, when it unanimously voted to extend the Vot-ing Rights Act, and today, when we have on the floor the nomination of Thomas Farr, who has a history of being the point person in trying to limit the ability of Americans to exer-cise their right to vote and, according to the Fourth Circuit of the United States, did so with ‘‘surgical precision’’ in denying African-American voters. How can we in good conscience put someone on the Federal Court of the United States who has that history? How can people who come before that court have the confidence that the per-son—that judge—is really going to up-hold their rights? I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, I also want to take us back to 2006 for another reason. Back in 2006, we had many of our Republican Senate colleagues recognizing the dan-gers of doing nothing about the mount-ing costs of climate change. Back in 2006, there was a bill in the U.S. Senate by Senators McCain and Lieberman, a bipartisan group, designed to finally take action. Here we are so many years later from 2006 and, my goodness, have we regressed. We now have a President of the United States, in response to a report that came out from 300 scientists in the U.S. Government about the dangers of climate change, who says: Well, I don’t believe it. They tried to bury this report, releasing it the day after Thanksgiving, but it backfired because it was a slow news day and people real-ized what was up. They realized this was a deliberate attempt by the admin-istration to deep-six something that is important to all Americans and some-thing all Americans can see with their own eyes, which is the escalating im-pact of doing nothing about climate change, whether it is forest fires or floods or rising sea levels. If you look at the report, if you live in the Chesapeake Bay area, you have to be really worried: increasing precipi-tation, increasing storm events. We al-ready have flooding in Annapolis, the home of the U.S. Naval Academy. If you talk to the Superintendent there, he is already worried about the impact. This report makes clear that we are going to have rising sea levels, a rising Chesapeake Bay, and we are going to see islands in the Chesapeake Bay dis-appearing, all because this body refuses to take any action and decides to in-stead kowtow to the President of the United States. I would like to quote the President very quickly. When asked about this the other day, he said the following. When he was asked why he doesn’t be-lieve in climate change—this is the President of the United States: ‘‘One of the problems that a lot of people like myself—we have very high levels of in-telligence, but we’re not necessarily such believers.’’ He goes on to say: 
And when you’re talking about an atmos-phere, oceans are very small. And it blows over and it sails over. I mean, we take thou-sands of tons of garbage off our beaches all the time that comes over from Asia. It just flows right down the Pacific, it flows, and we say where does this come from. And it takes many people to start off with. 
Then he goes on in this bizarre an-swer. This is the President of the United States responding to a question about the reality of climate change. I hope we will get back to where we were on climate change in this body in 2006 and work on a bipartisan basis to do something, because the cost of doing nothing is rising every day and hitting Americans and people across the world. Finally, when it comes to denying the facts, including the facts presented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.015 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7209 November 29, 2018 
by his own administration, we have a President of the United States who ap-parently doesn’t believe his intel-ligence community. This is just an-other rewind-the-tape moment. We re-member after Helsinki, when the Presi-dent sided with President Putin and said: No, the Russians were not in-volved in the 2016 elections—despite the unanimous conclusions of all the U.S. intelligence agencies. Now we know from reports that the CIA has determined with a high level of confidence that the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia was involved and helped orchestrate the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi in the Saudi consulate in Istanbul. Instead of accepting the con-clusions of the CIA, the President in-stead has become the mouthpiece for the Saudi regime. Early on, he played into all their cover stories. Just yesterday, we had a briefing of the Senate. We had the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense. Guess who did not show up. The Direc-tor of the CIA. It is pretty clear that the administration did not want the Director of the CIA telling Senators from both parties what her findings are, but they have been reported in our newspapers. When you have the Secretary of State write in the Wall Street Journal complaining about what he calls ‘‘cat-erwauling’’ in the U.S. Congress about what happened, you bet people in the Senate are upset about the fact that an American resident—a writer for a major American newspaper—got mur-dered in the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, and the President of the United States wants to not only just look the other way but is actually complicit in providing the cover story for the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. So there is a lot of caterwauling going on. The President made another bizarre statement that began with the sen-tence ‘‘The world is a dangerous place’’ and then went on to somehow justify ignoring Saudi’s conduct and the mur-der. Yes, the world is a dangerous place, and it is made a lot more dan-gerous when the President of the United States looks the other way when one of our so-called allies—and they have been an important ally in some respects—is actually complicit in the murder of an American resident overseas. That makes the world much more dangerous for all Americans and all people around the world. It is important that the United States act to hold the Crown Prince ac-countable. It is also important that we stop giving Saudi Arabia a green light on all sorts of other conduct. This is a Crown Prince who kidnapped the Prime Minister of Lebanon. This is a Crown Prince who blockaded Qatar against our best interests. This is a Crown Prince who essentially threw out the Canadian Ambassador because she had the temerity to tweet about Saudi human rights abuses against women in Saudi Arabia. The reason the Crown Prince thought he could get away with killing an American resident in Istanbul is because this President has given him a blank check to do what-ever he wants, and that includes Yemen. 
YEMEN  
Mr. President, I will close by making a few remarks about Yemen because what we have seen is an administration that has essentially given a blank check to the Saudi war in Yemen, and it has backfired and has actually strengthened the hand of Iran. The Houthis are an indigenous movement in Yemen. Saudi’s conduct has given Iran an opening in a way it did not have before. The best way is to get all the parties to the peace table to have a negotia-tion, and we are not going to get the Saudis to the peace table if the Presi-dent of the United States continues to look the other way for all their bad conduct. That is why it is important that next week the Senate pass the res-olution that was discharged here to the floor yesterday and send a clear mes-sage about what we stand for. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator’s time has ex-pired. The Senator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. GARDNER. Reserving the right to object, we have a standing order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. GARDNER. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Ms. WARREN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant bill clerk pro-ceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF KATHY KRANINGER  
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, 10 years ago, greedy financial institutes crashed our economy and crushed working families all across this coun-try. Millions of Americans lost their jobs, millions lost their homes, and millions lost their life savings. That crisis was no accident, and it was no act of God. It was caused because Washington looked the other way while greedy Wall Street bankers scammed hard-working American families. It can happen again if we let it. If we learned anything from the fi-nancial crisis that nearly drove our economy over a cliff, it is that Amer-ican families desperately need a strong consumer watchdog. Before the crisis, financial institutions sold consumers predatory loans that were like gre-nades with their pins pulled out. When they exploded, they wiped out trillions of dollars of wealth and caused millions of people to lose their jobs, their sav-ings, or their homes. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was created to level the playing field for consumers and make sure that Washington never again looks the other way while millions of families get squeezed. On June 18, 2018, President Donald Trump announced his intent to nomi-nate Kathleen Kraninger as Director of the CFPB. Ms. Kraninger is a political appointee at OMB who has spent more than a decade working on homeland se-curity policy in the executive branch and on Capitol Hill. She has never—I repeat, never—worked on consumer protection issues either in public serv-ice or in the private sector. She has zero track record of standing up for consumers. The White House championed Ms. Kraninger’s experience as a manager when announcing her nomination. A White House official stated that Ms. Kraninger ‘‘will bring . . . much-need-ed management experience [to the CFPB].’’ A quick search on Google shows that is bogus. Ms. Kraninger’s tenure at OMB has been marred by systemic management failures. As an OMB official with pri-mary responsibility over the Depart-ments of Justice and Homeland Secu-rity, Ms. Kraninger was one of the offi-cials responsible for managing and im-plementing President Trump’s zero-tol-erance policy. The policy resulted in a humanitarian catastrophe in which thousands of children were ripped from the arms of their mamas and daddies and thrown into cages. Ms. Kraninger bungled the response to the three catastrophic hurricanes of 2017. Under Ms. Kraninger’s leadership, OMB’s budget requests in the wake of Hurricanes Irma, Maria, and Harvey were too little, too late. Ms. Kraninger oversaw a budget that, if enacted, would have exacerbated, rather than alleviated, the Nation’s af-fordable housing crisis. No, it isn’t Ms. Kraninger’s manage-ment experience that got her a giant promotion; it is her enthusiasm for Mick Mulvaney’s anti-consumer agen-da that earned her this reward from President Trump. How do I know that? I asked Ms. Kraninger if she disagreed with one single action that Mr. Mulvaney took during the year he con-trolled the CFPB. She said: ‘‘I cannot identify any actions that Acting Direc-tor Mulvaney has taken with which I disagree.’’ Not a single one. That means she agrees with Mick Mulvaney’s decision to drop a lawsuit against payday lenders who were charging vulnerable buyers 900 percent interest. She agrees with Mick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.016 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7210 November 29, 2018 
Mulvaney’s decision to gut CFPB’s of-fice that fights lending discrimination, which was designed to make sure com-munities of color aren’t targeted with the most abusive loans, as they were before the financial crisis. She agrees with Mick Mulvaney’s decision to stop checks that ensure that banks don’t charge our military sky-high interest rates. She agrees with Mick Mulvaney’s decision to censor reports to Congress and give student loan com-panies a free pass when they rip off stu-dents. She agrees with Mick Mulvaney’s decision to load up the CFPB with more than a dozen political appointees to muzzle the CFPB’s pro-fessional staff and keep them from doing their job. It is hard to imagine a stronger indication that Ms. Kraninger intends to continue Mr. Mulvaney’s harmful trajectory of weakening CFPB to benefit big financial institutions at the expense of consumers. Ms. Kraninger has absolutely no ex-perience in consumer finance whatso-ever, but she has been nominated to head up the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau because she is passion-ately committed to keeping it from leveling the playing field for working families. No thanks. We have a lot of hard decisions to make in this body, but this one is a no- brainer. Hard-working American fami-lies deserve a fighter as the Director of the CFPB. When the CFPB fights for consumers, students can manage their loans. When the CFPB fights for con-sumers, servicemembers can serve their country without worrying that their families will be crushed by debt. When the CFPB fights for consumers, seniors can retire with dignity. When the CFPB fights for consumers, 29 mil-lion families get checks for over $12 billion from financial institutions that cheated them—and that happened in just 6 years. Working families need a CFPB Direc-tor who is a fighter with a proven track record of making the consumer marketplace safe and aggressively pur-suing companies that cheat their cus-tomers. Kathleen Kraninger is not that person. Let’s do our job. Let’s reject this nominee. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Da-kota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, Mike Rounds, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, John Cornyn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Da-kota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 251 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
PRESENT AND GIVING A LIVE PAIR 
Flake, against 
NOT VOTING—1 
Inhofe 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, on this vote, I have a pair with the Sen-ator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE . If he were present and voting, he would vote ‘‘yea’’. He is absent due to a family emergency. If I were permitted to vote, I would vote ‘‘nay’’. I therefore with-draw my vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. The VICE PRESIDENT. On this vote the yeas are 49, the nays are 49. The Senate being equally divided, the Vice President votes in the affirmative, and the motion is agreed to. The clerk will report the nomination. EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The Senator from Colorado. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
Mr. GARDNER. Thank you, Madam President. I come to the floor today to talk about a very important conserva-tion program—the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This is one of the crown jewels of our Nation’s conserva-tion effort. The preservation, protec-tion, and conservation of our public lands is something we take great pride in in the western part of our country and, in fact, all four corners of our State, and this great country takes great pride in the Land and Water Con-servation Fund and the efforts that it pursues to maintain our public lands, to show our public lands, to allow the exploration and use of our public lands for generations to come. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has had over 40,000 projects in its existence, billions of dollars in con-sumer spending driven by the out-doors—$2 billion in State and local tax revenue driven by our love of the out-doors. Hiking, hunting, fishing, skiing in the winter, rafting in the spring are all tied to the incredible conservation work we do in these incredible pro-grams through the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Colorado’s outdoor recreation activi-ties have made it the destination, not just part of the year but all of the year, for people looking for adventure oppor-tunities in our great outdoors. As I mentioned, we generate $28 billion in consumer spending just in the State of Colorado for our outdoors economy. The Land and Water Conservation Fund isn’t just about preserving land because we want to conserve the land; it is about our economy—our recre-ation economy—and those $2 billion in State and local tax revenues generated by that. It employs over 200,000 people in an outdoors economy. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is a critical part of that. We have this economy be-cause of our public lands—the exten-sive efforts we have undertaken to con-serve them in a condition that the next generation will also get to enjoy. One of those tools, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has lapsed. It has been 60 days since the Land and Water Conservation Fund expired. Those who would permanently reau-thorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund cleared the committees of jurisdiction in both the House and the Senate. The Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund authorization of full funding has bipartisan support—Democrat and Republican support, House and Senate support. It is a program to sustain ac-cess to land that would otherwise be cut off—public land held and owned by the American people that we don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S29NO8.REC S29NO8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7211 November 29, 2018 
have access to. We can’t get to that land, even though we own the land— the American people own that land— because it is closed off. The Land and Water Conservation Fund allows us to get to that land, to recreate on that land, and to hunt on that land. In the days leading up to the Land and Water Conservation Fund expira-tion, a report was published by the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Part-nership. It published some figures on public land acreage that talked about the inaccessible number of acres in the American public land system. It identi-fied over 9.5 million acres in the United States that was inaccessible to the public because of surrounding private land. In Colorado alone, there are over 250,000 acres of public lands that are closed off to the public. That translates to just shy of 400 square miles of public land in Colorado. There are 400 square miles of public land in Colorado—al-most the size of Rocky Mountain Na-tional Park—that can’t be used to hike, hunt, and fish because we can’t access it. We can’t access it to explore, to hope, to think, to dream—all of those things our public lands represent. The Land and Water Conservation Fund can be used to help access that land, to find ways to utilize that land. The 400 square miles of property that the public owns can be utilized by the public through programs like the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I want to talk about this picture right here. This is the Superintendent of the Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park. The Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park had a Land and Water Conservation Fund-purchased acquisi-tion. You can see it here on the rim of the canyon. This was at risk of being sold to a developer. The park is right here. This is the park. Imagine if this rim of the canyon had been developed what that would have meant. It would have prevented this national park from meeting the ideals and aspirations of what we believe it should be and what it means to be a national park. Imag-ine the 2,500 acres on the rim of this canyon inside the boundary of the na-tional park being sold and what it could have done to this public land that surrounds it. The land acquired provides access to Gold Medal fly fishing on the Gunnison River, creates potential opportunities for the National Park Service to pro-vide more family-friendly hiking near the visitor center, and serves as a po-tential source of water to the South Rim, which will reduce the operational costs of hauling water like they do now to meet visitor and staff needs. It is a win for all involved. You can see right there what it means. In the next picture, we have the Great Sand Dunes National Park. Near it is a 12,000-acre ranch, the Medano Zapata Ranch, which borders the Sand Dunes on three sides. It has been 60 days since the Land and Water Con-servation Fund has expired, but this program, this chunk of land, this 12,000 acres was bought by the Nature Con-servancy, one of our great conservation partners, and is going through the process to be incorporated into the park using LWCF dollars. This is an important purchase for our access to existing public lands—12,000 acres to our existing public lands. You can see the Great Sand Dunes in the background there. This preserves ac-cess to these public lands and keeps beautiful lands conserved for healthy wildlife habitat. Inholding purchases are not the only way the Land and Water Conservation Fund benefits the outdoors, however. The National Park Service, through the LWCF State and Local Assistance Program, provides matching grants for State and local park projects that aren’t just inside national park bound-aries. Just last week, three State parks in Colorado were awarded funding through the LWCF. Funds awarded to Crawford State Park will be used to complete a trail between the east and west sides of the park, including the construction of two prefabricated pe-destrian bridges. Road improvements will be funded at Chatfield State Park, one of the most heavily used State parks in Colorado, to include resurfacing damaged as-phalt, adding asphalt surface to a grav-el access road, and adding bicycle lanes. Finally, funding awarded through the LWCF to Cherry Creek State Park will allow them to resurface one-third of a mile on the Parker Trail. The Land and Water Conservation Fund isn’t just about the West. It is about the East as well. It is not just about our national forests or BLM land or national parks, local parks, bike trails, and playgrounds. It is about those little slices of heaven among the concrete and chaos of our urban cor-ridors, as well. I urge my colleagues to come to-gether to find ways to permanently au-thorize and fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Think about what our public lands mean to this country, and go back to the words of Enos Mills, who was one of the founding fathers of Rocky Moun-tain National Park, who said this: ‘‘Within National Parks is room—glo-rious room—room in which to find our-selves, in which to think and hope, to dream and plan, to rest and resolve. These are our public lands. We have a chance to act before this Congress closes to reauthorize and to fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I am going to fight tooth and nail to make sure that we get that job done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Ohio. 
NOMINATION OF KATHLEEN L . KRANINGER  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, our job in this body, in public service, is to fight for the people we serve. If you are taking a government salary, your job is to fight for the people who make this country work. Wall Street, the big banks, and cor-porate special interests have their own army of lobbyists that go in and out of the majority leader’s office. They are at their beck and call. Our job is to fight for everyday Americans. That is why we created the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. The Bureau’s job is to crack down on Wall Street predators and people who cheat the system and shady lend-ers who prey on hard-working families. The people in this town may have collective amnesia about what hap-pened a decade ago. They may have for-gotten the financial crisis. They may have forgotten the housing crisis, but families who lost their homes, lost their retirement savings, lost their jobs, and lost their college funds haven’t forgotten. My wife and I live in Cleveland, OH, in ZIP Code 44105. My ZIP Code, a dec-ade ago, in the first half of that year, had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. I see every day the blight and the dam-age that the foreclosure crisis brought to us, mostly by Wall Street. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is supposed to look out for dan-ger before it crashes down on these hard-working families and robs them of their homes, jobs, and savings. The first 6 years on the job, that is what public servants at the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau did. They re-turned $12 billion to 29 million Ameri-cans who had been scammed, cheated, and ripped off. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau follows in this country’s proud tradition of progressive achievements: workers safety laws, overtime protec-tions, collective bargaining rights, So-cial Security, Medicare, safe drinking water laws—all of those things that helped our country grow, that helped build a middle class, that helped to en-hance people’s quality of life. Over the last year, Mick Mulvaney turned an agency meant to stand on the side of the American people into yet another outlet for the financial in-dustry to push its agenda. The same people who line up outside the major-ity leader’s office down the hall and the same lobbyists line up at the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau and push that same Wall Street agen-da. Mick Mulvaney said to the workers and servicemembers who are served by the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, to students and seniors who are served by the Bureau: You are on your own now. Don’t expect any protection from us. It is not just an attack on consumers. It is the Americans who work hard, whether they swipe a badge or punch a clock, whether they work for salary, whether they work for tips, whether they are raising children or taking care of an aging parent. Americans work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.021 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7212 November 29, 2018 
hard to earn a paycheck, buy a home, send their kids to college, and save for retirement. Every day they find them-selves under attack from scam debt collectors and predatory payday lend-ers, or they see their pensions being raided by hedge fund billionaires. When we let financial predators strip away at the people in ZIP Code 44105— strip away Americans’ hard-earned dol-lars through fees and scams—we under-mine that dignity of work, undermine the dignity people should have when they retire, and undermine the dignity of work that makes this country great. How do you look Americans in the eye who are working that second or third shift or starting a small business if their government is going to stand by and line up with criminals who fleece people, line up with Wall Street, line up with shady lenders? It comes down to whose side you are on. We know that Mick Mulvaney, who has been running the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau—sort of moon-lighting because he has another Fed-eral job—has been on the side of Wall Street. Now we have to ask ourselves about the nominee for this job, Kathy Kraninger: Whose side has she been on? We tried to get answers from Ms. Kraninger. In her job at the Office and Management Budget, she oversaw the agencies that ripped children from their parents at the border. She was in-volved in that. We asked Ms. Kraninger to show us what her role was in that policy. She didn’t defend it. She just refused to re-spond. She came in front of the com-mittee. She wanted this nomination. She wanted to be confirmed. She want-ed this promotion, and she would not even answer questions. She wouldn’t respond to letters about her involve-ment. We asked Ms. Kraninger whose side she was on after a devastating hurri-cane left millions of American citi-zens—American citizens, don’t forget— in Puerto Rico without power, without water, without hospital, without shel-ter. We asked her to show us who she was fighting for when the government failed to find relief. She didn’t deny anything. She refused to answer. She wants a promotion. She wants this job. She refused to answer ques-tions that we asked, that Senator W
HITEHOUSE or I or others asked on be-half of the American people. Then we asked whose side she would be on if she were head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Would she be on the side of all the lobbyists that lined up outside Majority Leader M
CCONNELL ’s office or on the side of those who have been harmed? Would she be on Mick Mulvaney’s side or fight for workers and servicemembers and students and seniors? It is one of the questions she did answer. She said: ‘‘I cannot identify any ac-tions that Acting Director Mulvaney has taken with which I disagree.’’ We know exactly whose side Ms. Kraninger will be on. She is with Mick Mulvaney, which means she is with Wall Street, with the payday lenders, with the shady special interests. She is not on the side of millions of Ameri-cans—the 29 million Americans who have saved $12 billion because the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau ex-isted. She is not on their side. She is not on the side of her neighbors and my neighbors—her neighbors in her home State and in my home State of Ohio who lost their homes, their jobs, and their retirement savings to Wall Street greed. She is not on the side of people who work for a living. She is on the side of big corporations like GM, which is shutting down its operations in Lordstown, presumably, costing 5,000 people their jobs, and moving some of those jobs overseas. She is on their side. She has no experience in banking, fi-nance, or consumer protection. Her one and only qualification is that she will be a rubberstamp for special interests. I call on everybody in this body—I call on the President: Let’s find some-body who will take this job seriously, who will fight for the people who make this country work. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the nomination of Kathy Kraninger to be Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. Ms. Kraninger has had a distin-guished career in public service, with exposure to a diverse set of Federal agencies. She brings significant leader-ship experience at Federal agencies on Capitol Hill, with particular expertise in the budget and appropriations proc-esses. She has served as Associate Director for General Government at the Office of Management and Budget since March 2017. In that capacity, she over-sees nearly $250 billion in the budg-etary resources for seven Cabinet De-partments, and 30 other Federal Agen-cies, including the Bureau. In addition, she serves as OMB’s prin-cipal policy official for issues related to the Treasury Department, the De-partment of Housing and Urban Af-fairs, and Federal financial regulators. Prior to her time at OMB, Ms. Kraninger served in leadership posi-tions at the Department of Transpor-tation and the Department of Home-land Security, as well as having served on the staff of several congressional committees, including on the Senate Appropriations Committee. As Director of the Bureau, Ms. Kraninger would be charged with over-seeing the market for consumer finan-cial products and services, enforcing many Federal consumer financial laws, and protecting consumers. The Bu-reau’s supervision, regulation, and en-forcement decisions have an immense impact on consumers’ access to critical financial products and services. At her nomination hearing, Ms. Kraninger reiterated her dedication to fulfilling the Bureau’s congressional mandate of ensuring all consumers have access to markets for consumer financial products and services that are fair, transparent, and competitive. At her hearing, Ms. Kraninger identi-fied what her first four priorities would be if she were to be confirmed: ensuring the Bureau is fair and transparent, in-cluding the use of robust cost-benefit analysis, notice and comment rule-making, and tailoring regulations to ensure that consumers are not unnec-essarily and smaller companies are not disproportionately harmed; improving collaboration with other financial reg-ulators in the States on supervision and enforcement; limiting data collec-tion to only what is necessary and strengthening its protection; and mak-ing sure the Bureau is held account-able. She was also forceful in saying: Nothing is more destructive to competitive markets and consumer choice than fraudu-lent behavior. Under my stewardship, the Bureau will take aggressive action against bad actors who break the rules by engaging in fraud and other illegal activity. 
It is good that Ms. Kraninger plans to prioritize limiting data collection and strengthening the protection of con-sumers’ sensitive, personal financial information. I have long been critical of big data collection activities by private organi-zations and Federal agencies, particu-larly that of the Bureau and its en-croachment into the private financial lives of Americans across this country. The Bureau’s data collection is espe-cially concerning in light of the num-ber of high-profile cyber attacks in re-cent years and news about how outside groups have collected private informa-tion from Facebook users. It is important that the Bureau, other Federal agencies, and private or-ganizations comprehensively review their data collection processes and nar-row and enhance those processes to better protect consumers’ personal in-formation. Big data and privacy issues will be a major priority for the Banking Com-mittee in this next Congress. There is growing support to give people the nec-essary tools to protect their privacy and opt out of certain data collection. I am confident that Ms. Kraninger is well prepared to lead the Bureau in en-forcing Federal consumer financial laws, in protecting consumers’ sen-sitive personal financial information, and in increasing its transparency and accountability. In fact, many of these issues were key points of discussion during Ms. Kraninger’s nomination hearing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.022 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7213 November 29, 2018 
Senator T ILLIS asked Ms. Kraninger about the Bureau’s immense power and level of accountability. Ms. Kraninger told the Banking Committee: ‘‘I have noted that my focus is on running the agency as Congress established it, but, certainly, working with Members of Congress, I’m very open to changes in the structure that will make the agen-cy more accountable and transparent.’’ In responding to a question that Sen-ator T
OOMEY posed about the Bureau’s potential impact on small businesses, Ms. Kraninger said: 
I absolutely believe that there is a limited intent for the Bureau to be engaged in small business oversight or engagement there. So that’s something that should be limited. 
Senator M ORAN asked Ms. Kraninger about providing greater clarity to com-panies that are overseen by the Bu-reau, to which she responded: 
I completely agree that it is critical to have clear rules so that lenders, creditors, and consumers themselves know what the rules are, that they are not, somehow, told after the fact that they broke a rule they weren’t even aware of or that it had, some-how, changed without any proper notice and comment process, to really understand the impacts and the opportunity to tailor. 
In addition, numerous key stake-holders have written to the Banking Committee in support of Ms. Kraninger’s nomination and to empha-size the positive attributes that pre-pare her to lead the Bureau. Ms. Kraninger has received widespread sup-port from community banks and credit unions, consumer bankers, housing or-ganizations and Realtors, taxpayer ad-vocacy groups, and auto dealers. Rebeca Romero Rainey, the president and CEO of the Independent Commu-nity Bankers of America, said: 
I believe she understands the critical role played by community banks in creating ac-cess to consumer and small business credit and supporting prosperity in American com-munities. This perspective will strengthen the Bureau’s rulemaking. I also believe she has a strong commitment to making the Bu-reau accountable, effective and efficient. 
Following Ms. Kraninger’s being re-ported favorably from the Banking Committee, Rob Nichols, the president and CEO of the American Bankers As-sociation, said: 
Ms. Kraninger detailed her substantial government and management experience that would help her lead the Bureau, and she committed to satisfying the Bureau’s man-date of ensuring consumers have access to fi-nancial products and services that are ‘‘fair, transparent and competitive.’’ We welcome that commitment and her pledge to main-tain transparency and accountability if con-firmed. 
Jim Nussle, the president and CEO of the Credit Union National Association, said that until the Bureau’s structure moves from a single Director to a bi-partisan commission, ‘‘consumers and regulated entities will be best served by a Senate-confirmed, permanent Di-rector leading the Bureau.’’ Dan Berger, the president and CEO of the National Association of Federally- Insured Credit Unions, said: ‘‘A Senate- confirmed, full-time Director of the Bureau will help provide regulatory certainty and clarity while providing important leadership and long-term focus that will allow credit unions to continue to meet the needs of their members.’’ Neil Bradley, the executive vice president and chief policy officer of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said: ‘‘Ms. Kraninger’s experience will serve her well as the Director of the Bureau, es-pecially as it aims to be a more trans-parent and accountable agency.’’ Richard Hunt, the president and CEO of the Consumer Bankers Association, said that until the Bureau moves from a single Director to a bipartisan com-mission, ‘‘it is imperative the Bureau have a permanent and full-time Direc-tor to fulfill its mission, and we look forward to working with Ms. Kraninger on commonsense regulations that pro-tect consumers while also allowing a well-regulated banking system to serve families, small businesses, and local communities. CBA is grateful to Act-ing Director Mick Mulvaney for his leadership at the agency and for his willingness to listen to the opinions of all stakeholders.’’ The Bureau was the most polarizing part of Dodd-Frank, and it is not sur-prising that the confirmation votes of then-nominee Richard Cordray and now Kathy Kraninger are contentious. Some of Ms. Kraninger’s opponents have raised questions about her poten-tial involvement with respect to the administration’s zero-tolerance policy and the administration’s response to Hurricane Maria. During her nomination hearing, I asked Ms. Kraninger to what extent, if any, she was involved in the develop-ment of the administration’s zero-tol-erance policy or the administration’s response to Hurricane Maria. She re-sponded: ‘‘I had no role in setting the zero-tolerance policy.’’ She also said, with respect to Hurri-cane Maria, that in the Office of Man-agement and Budget, including herself, ‘‘we have a role in reviewing disaster declaration recommendations that go to the President. So we are involved from that point. We also put together, at the Office of Management and Budg-et, the supplemental requests that the administration puts forward to the Hill when they are necessary. Clearly, addi-tional resources were needed [last fall], and the Office of Management and Budget supported the President in put-ting forward those requests that Con-gress considered and obviously re-sponded to in providing the resources necessary.’’ Since Director Cordray’s departure, I know some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been frus-trated by the Bureau under Acting Di-rector Mulvaney’s leadership. Given changes at the Agency over the last year and frustration felt on both sides of the aisle, now is an appropriate time to reconsider the fundamental struc-ture of the Bureau to increase its ac-countability and transparency. I continue to support a bipartisan commission instead of a single Direc-tor, a congressional funding mecha-nism, and a safety and soundness check. It would also be appropriate to give the Bureau its own inspector gen-eral. For the past year, the Bureau has been led by an Acting Director. It is time for the Senate to confirm a per-manent Director. I support Ms. Kraninger, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting yes on her nomina-tion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote scheduled for 1:45 p.m. commence now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection for a term of five years. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, Mike Rounds, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection for a term of five years, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NNOFE ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 252 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.024 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7214 November 29, 2018 
Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Inhofe 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 49. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection for a term of five years. The Senator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I rise to speak out in opposition to the nomination of Kathy Kraninger to serve as the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The CFPB is a consumer’s watchdog on Wall Street and the big banks. It was created in the aftermath of the fi-nancial crisis to protect Americans from predatory and abusive practices and ensure that financial institutions play by the rules. Since 2010, the CFPB has inves-tigated and held accountable abusive student loan companies, predatory pay-day lenders, and fraudulent multi-national corporations—just to name a few. It has also protected our Nation’s veterans and Active-Duty servicemem-bers from targeted scams and illegal debt collection practices. The CFPB has secured over $12 bil-lion in relief for Americans. Just this past April, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau sued Wells Fargo for creating millions of fake accounts, de-stroying credit scores, and forcing mil-lions of customers to pay phony pen-alties and fees. The people at the CFPB work every single day to make the financial sys-tem safe and fair for hard-working fam-ilies. We can’t go back to the way things were before the CFPB was cre-ated. We can’t go back to a time when there was no strong consumer advo-cates at the Federal level. I remember this time all too well. I was Nevada’s attorney general when the markets crashed in 2008. The subprime mortgage crisis hit Nevada harder than any State in the country. We had the highest foreclosure rate in the Nation for 62 months straight. I worked to hold the big banks ac-countable for the damage they did to our State and to help people stay in their homes. Meanwhile, the Federal regulators were asleep at the wheel. They were letting the big banks write their own rules and defraud consumers until the markets came crashing down. The CFPB was designed to close the leadership gap at the Federal level, to stand up to predators like Wells Fargo, and protect the rights of American peo-ple. To ensure the CFPB continues its mission of looking out for consumers’ best interests, we need strong leader-ship at the Agency. We need someone with the right experience, the right qualifications, and the right mindset. We need someone willing to stand up not only to bad actors in the financial industry but also to President Trump. The administration has already stripped critical enforcement powers away from the CFPB. It has repealed rules that govern predatory payday lenders and shut down an office that fo-cuses on protecting students from abu-sive student loans. We can’t afford to go any further down this path. President Trump’s nominee for CFPB Director, Kathy Kraninger, is unquali-fied to lead this Agency. In her testi-mony before the Senate Banking Com-mittee, on which I sit, she failed to demonstrate an understanding of the CFPB’s core functions or even a will-ingness to uphold its central mission. Like many of President Trump’s nominees, Kraninger seems handpicked to undermine the Agency’s mission. She testified to this, and it appeared at the hearing that her main goal was to be a faithful disciple to Mick Mulvaney—the architect behind this administration’s plan to destroy the CFPB from the inside out, and she will continue crippling its power that is es-sential to protecting American con-sumers. The next Director of the CFPB will be called upon to make a choice, to stand aside and allow powerful special interests to call the shots in our coun-try’s financial system or to fight for families who want a fair and affordable loan to buy a car, a home, or college education for their children or a bank account and credit card without costly fees or who are simply trying to make ends meet. Kathy Kraninger can’t be relied upon to make the right choice, and she does not have my vote. I encourage my col-leagues to vote against this nomina-tion. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FARM BILL  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I first wanted to comment on the impor-tance of an agreement on the farm bill. This is something that has been long in coming. I want to thank Chairman ROBERTS and Ranking Member S TABE -
NOW for their work, as well as the Members in the House, including my colleague from Minnesota, Republican leader C
OLLIN PETERSON . He will be taking over the Ag Committee in the House next year. This is a bill that is so important to rural America and in my State. We have seen low commodity prices for too long. As a member of the Ag Committee, I know the last farm bill— the one we are operating under cur-rently—has some things for a strong safety net, but this farm bill—the new tentative agreement—will allow us to make some changes to the way the data is collected, which will be helpful for our farmers with crop insurance. We have some improvements in dairy. We have some good work that is going on with regard to conservation and some changes there. As you know, our Senate bill got 86 votes. We don’t even get that for a volleyball resolution around here. It was a bipartisan bill, and much of that bill, I know, will be contained in this tentative agreement. ‘‘Tentative’’ is with a small ‘‘t,’’ and the only reason we are saying that is because we have to get the printed version out, and my hope is, we can get this done in the next week. We do not want to go into next year without a farm bill, with what we are seeing with the tailwinds from these tariffs, with what we are seeing with diseases lurking out there. In Minnesota and in other States in the Midwest, we just got through avian flu a few years back, and every so often we have seen some outbreaks of that. We lived through H1N1. We have a really good provision in here that I authored with Senator C
ORNYN for a vaccine bank. So there is a lot of important, steady policy in the farm bill to show rural America we have their backs and really to show the world that at a time of great global competitiveness and with issues for our farmers with everything from weather to prices, to global com-petition, we want to make sure Amer-ica stands by our farmers, and this farm bill is a sure way to do it. I am very excited, as a member of the Ag Committee, that we are close to re-leasing some language here and look forward to getting this done imme-diately. We have all litigated these issues over the last year. It is not like some new idea had been airlifted into this bill. Literally, every single issue—from the nutrition discussions to the con-servation issues, to what we have seen on the farm programs, to rural eco-nomic development, to rural broadband—has been discussed at length, and we are ready to go. Let’s get this bill done. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, the second reason I am here is to talk about the urgency of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.002 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7215 November 29, 2018 
addressing climate change. This does fit into the farm bill because I am glad the farm bill is a source of so many of our conservation programs for our country. Also, the farm bill is part of economic development across our country. Climate change is going to be a chal-lenge for everyone. Certainly, from the last report we just received on the Fri-day of the holiday weekend—and I have a feeling some people thought that was a good day to bury it. Well, it didn’t exactly work. Given that it was a slow news day, and it ended up on the front page of every major newspaper and leading every major newscast, people noticed. They noticed because this re-port wasn’t just about numbers and percentages and all those kinds of things that our scientists have long agreed on when it comes to global warming; this was about the impact. The reason it is good to talk about the farm bill and then this is, one of the major impacts contained in that report was the impact on farmers in the Midwest where—as predicted in this report, issued by this administra-tion with Agencies across the board— you would see acres and acres and acres of land, with billions of dollars in losses, that wouldn’t be able to be farmed for corn and for other impor-tant crops in America unless we act. This was yet another dire warning about the cost of inaction on climate change, and it was in the form, of course, of the fourth National Climate Assessment. This report is simply the latest in a line of recent studies, in-cluding the U.N. report—what was re-leased last October. The administra-tion released this new report, as I noted, the day after Thanksgiving, just hoping Americans were too busy with their families out shopping, but no one could not notice this report—1,700 pages produced by 13 Federal Agencies. It was the product of 1,000 people, in-cluding 300 leading scientists, including officials from Federal, State, and local government, Tribes, national labora-tories, universities, and the private sector. These 300 scientists concluded that, consistent with previous reports—and by the way, I remember hearing NASA telling us what would happen. I remem-ber our military leaders telling us what would happen—predicting to us that we would see rampant wildfires in the West. That is what we are seeing. Pre-dicting to us 10 years ago that we would see a warming of the ocean that would result in tougher and bigger and more damaging hurricanes—exactly what we are seeing. These scientists concluded that, con-sistent with all of these predictions over the last decades, that we must drastically reduce our greenhouse gas emissions to ensure the health of the American public, the livelihood of our farmers and ranchers, and the strength of our economy. The report states that climate change will have serious health con-sequences for the American people. Remember, this report is not some-thing that came out of some think tank. It is not a report that came out of some congressional committee. It is not a report that came out of some uni-versity. No, no. This is a report that came out of the Trump administration. All 11 Agencies were involved in this report. The Midwest alone in this report by the Trump administration is predicted to have the largest increase in extreme temperature, will see an additional 2,000 premature deaths per year by the year 2090, mosquito and tickborne dis-eases—which was already seen in my State—will spread, and food and water safety will be affected. As I noted, we should also be expect-ing worsening disasters. Anyone who watched that horrific tape of those par-ents trying to get their kids out of that wildfire in Northern California, when it suddenly came up faster than could be expected, trying to calm—a dad trying to calm his child down as he drove through a raging fire—watch that tape. Go home and watch that tape because that tape will remind you of what we are dealing with: wildfires, flooding, hurricanes. Wildfire seasons, already longer and more destructive than before, could burn up to six times more forest area annually by 2050 in parts of the United States. These wildfires will have a drastic effect on air quality and health, particularly on the elderly, pregnant women, children, and those already suffering from heart and lung diseases. The report also makes it clear that our farmers will face extremely tough times. Crops will decline across the country due to higher temperatures, drought, and flooding. Agricultural yields could fall to 1980 levels within a few decades. That is despite all the science and work we have done to in-crease those yields. In parts of the Midwest, farms will be able to produce less than 75 percent of the corn they produce today, and the southern part of the Midwestern region could lose more than 25 percent of its soybean yield. This is not a report that came out of my looking at some books. No, no, no. This is a report that came out of 1,000 people who work for the Trump admin-istration. This is an administration re-port. The report also emphasizes that our economy could lose hundreds of bil-lions of dollars—or more than 10 per-cent of our GDP—by the turn of the next century. That is more than double the loss of the great recession a decade ago. Everyone knows someone who lost their job during that recession. Every-one knows someone who lost their house or went into debt, right? Well, think about that doubled—more than 10 percent of our GDP. Again, not a re-port by a liberal think tank, not a re-port by a congressional subcommittee; this is the report and prediction of the Trump administration. We cannot ignore the dire warnings of the report, and I appreciate that the administration put out this report. I wish they had not done it on a Friday afternoon, but it kind of backfired on them. We cannot ignore the climate changes already happening around us or that devastating consequences for our country exist, and we are going to see more of them in the years ahead. We must seize this opportunity to en-sure the health of the American public, to support our businesses and farmers, and to make our economy more resil-ient. We must act. The American people know that. I hear about climate wher-ever I go in my State, from hunters who are concerned about tickborne ill-nesses, who are concerned with what we are seeing with things we have never seen go into our deer population, to business leaders at the Port of Du-luth, to students at the University of Minnesota. Increasingly warmer temperatures are having effects in Minnesota. Lyme disease has spread farther north. I bet everyone in my State knows someone who got Lyme disease. Sometimes they catch it right away, and it goes away; sometimes it causes a lifetime of trou-bles. Lyme disease has been spreading farther north. Aspen forests are shrink-ing. Moose range in my State is declin-ing. Thirty-seven percent more rain falls as a result of mega-rainstorms than we had ever seen just 50 years ago. The ragweed pollen season has ex-tended 3 weeks in the Twin Cities in just the past 20 years, making people who suffer from allergies notice it first. This is in stark contrast to com-ments made by some who still have suggested that climate change should be debated. Well, even in this Chamber, 98 to 1 or 97 to 1, we voted a few years ago that, in fact, climate change is occurring. We even acknowledged it finally, but guess what. We are a little behind the people who already notice it hap-pening. Over the past week, unfortunately, the President has repeatedly cast doubt on his own administration’s re-port on climate change. These are peo-ple who work for him. These are Agen-cies headed up by his own Commis-sioners who issued this report. I am a former prosecutor, and I be-lieve in evidence. As this report shows us, the facts and the science can’t be more clear. This report, put out by the President’s Agencies, notes that the United States is already 1.8 degrees warmer than it was 100 years ago and that the seas—the oceans that sur-round the country—are an average 9 inches higher and climbing. The recent U.N. report warned that the atmos-phere will warm up by as much as 2.7 degrees by 2040 and describes a world we already see of worsening wildfires and natural disasters. As the NASA website has said, most of the warming occurred in the past 35 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.029 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7216 November 29, 2018 
years, with the 5 warmest years on record taking place since 2010. Every week brings fresh evidence of the damage. My State of Minnesota may be miles away from rising oceans, but the impacts in my State and in the Midwest are not less of a real threat. Climate change isn’t just about melt-ing glaciers and rising ocean levels, and we have certainly seen that with the hurricanes, but we have also seen flooding like we have never seen before in Duluth and places across Minnesota. So we know it is happening. The question is, What do we do about it? Now that the President’s own Agencies have said it is happening, what do we do about it? Well, what I would like to hear, ac-knowledging this new report about the impacts of climate change, not just the nerdy numbers of climate change—now that we know the impacts, let’s do something about it. No. 1, the clean power rules. When those were first put out a few years ago, I think the business community at first thought they were going to be worse than they were. They were a rea-sonable path forward, giving some ex-ceptions and more time to small power companies. I know in my State, Min-nesota Power, Xcel Energy—in our State, our major power companies were ready to work with those rules. While our small power companies were con-cerned, we were working with them to make sure there were exceptions and that they had a path forward to make sure they could meet the goals by working with the big power companies. We already had businesses in my State, like Cargill, that were out front on this, that saw the risk to their con-sumers and their business if we do nothing about climate change inter-nationally. So we were ready to roll with those clean power rules, but they got reversed by this administration. I call on them to go back at it and put those rules out again. Let’s get them done. Secondly, gas mileage standards. That is something else we should be going back to. We had an agreement with the auto companies just a few years ago to get that done, but instead, once again, they went backward. Third, the international climate change agreement. Every other coun-try in the world has pledged to be in that agreement. We had pledged to be in the agreement, and then the admin-istration said we were going out of that agreement. At the time they did that, the only two countries that weren’t in the agreement were Nicaragua and Syria, and now they have joined the agreement. I remember a time when the United States was a leader in innovation and a leader in responding to the challenges, not just in our country but our world. We should be leading because otherwise other countries are going to get ahead of us when it gets to innovative tech-nology to meet these climate change and energy challenges of our time. That is what this is about, and that is what we need to do to move forward. My State has been a leader on this. With a Republican Governor, a few years back, and a Democratic legisla-ture, we were able to pass a renewable electricity standard that was ahead of its time. Already today, 7 years ahead of schedule, 25 percent of Minnesota’s electricity generation comes from re-newable sources. That is clearly part of our way forward but not the only way forward. Guess what. We did it in conjunction with our farming communities with an agreement, as well, on biofuel, and we did it across the aisle on a bipartisan basis. We can do that in this Chamber right now if we have the will to get it done. As last week’s report makes clear, in-action is not an option—not for our economy, not for our farmers, not for our environment and our country, and certainly not for the American people. Military and security experts have re-minded us that climate change is a threat to our national security, in-creasing the risk of conflict, humani-tarian crisis, and damage to critical in-frastructure. As you look at some of the refugees that have been moving in places such as Europe and the people coming up from Africa, a lot of that is because they used to engage in subsistence farming and they can’t do it anymore. Yes, we need to adapt with science, and we need to adapt with cutting-edge speeds in farming, but we also need to adapt by putting into place policies that bring down our greenhouse gas numbers so we have a fighting chance of leaving this Earth to our kids and our grandkids in a way that they can live a life like we have enjoyed. Despite more severe weather, heat waves that can reduce our water sup-ply, and extreme rainfall that can dam-age critical infrastructure, this coun-try has always gotten ahead of chal-lenges. I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle to remember the Re-publican Party of Teddy Roosevelt, the Republican Party of conservation, the Republican Party that sought to con-serve our resources and not use them all ourselves so that they can leave something to other people. That is what we have to find to get this done. I will end by quoting Pope Francis. His visit to this Congress and to Wash-ington was something that I will never forget. One of the things he said is this: ‘‘What kind of world do we want to leave to those who come after us, to children who are now growing up?’’ That is a pretty good standard. Think in your life of those kids whom you love or your neighbor’s kids or your grandkids, and ask yourself what kind of world you want to leave them. This is no longer just some hypo-thetical thing. It is right there in the report by the Trump administration. It is right before our eyes in the videos we see online of that dad driving his kid through a wildfire in Northern California. It is right there as we see the damage the hurricanes are doing to the east coast. It is right there in the Midwest, when we see rampant flood-ing, ticks, Lyme disease, and things that we never used to see in Minnesota. The evidence is right before our eyes. Let’s believe it and do something about it. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to discuss the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and this De-partment’s continued challenges with properly implementing the letter of the law. As we know, the VA has faced signifi-cant difficulties and change over the past 5 years—issues that have spurred Congress to act. In this Congress we have passed multiple pieces of legisla-tion designed to reform numerous poli-cies, from accountability to education under the GI bill to transforming healthcare. Recent news has put a spotlight on the VA struggles to implement the Forever GI Bill Act, which has resulted in delays or improper accounting of veterans’ earned educational benefits. Financial problems with their earned benefits is unacceptable and causes an unnecessary strain on veterans as they pursue higher education. It is critical that the VA fix this problem. This should not be a matter of ‘‘if’’ but ‘‘when’’ the VA fixes this issue and pro-vides accurate earned benefits to de-serving veterans. Based upon these struggles of implementing the Forever GI Bill Act, I have concerns that simi-lar challenges will occur in the imple-mentation of the VA MISSION Act, which was signed into law in June of this year and is the most trans-formative legislation for the VA healthcare system in over 30 years. We are closing in on a 6-month mark before the VA MISSION Act must be implemented. June 6, 2019, will be when the new community care program under this act takes effect. This law re-quires several major critical reforms to the VA healthcare system. I want to quickly outline some of the biggest changes that the VA is required by law to implement. First, the VA must establish new eli-gibility criteria for veterans to receive care in the community, and that cri-teria must be based on clearly defined, easy-to-understand access standards. The VA must establish and apply qual-ity standards to make certain that all VA and community care facilities are providing our veterans with the high-est level of care—the care they deserve. The VA must create thorough and re-liable processes for the VA and commu-nity care partners to coordinate care for a veteran who is receiving care in the community to make certain that the burden is no longer on the veteran and accountability is instead on those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.030 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7217 November 29, 2018 
who are charged with providing the care. The VA must start to plan and prop-erly project their healthcare expenses. This requires the VA to establish a well-vetted strategic planning docu-ment that better forecasts healthcare demands and what the VA and the community can supply to our Nation’s veterans. I certainly understand how large of an undertaking this is. Implementation of the MISSION Act, while it is impor-tant, is also a challenge. There are many within the VA who share our de-sire to transform the VA’s healthcare system so it can continue to provide care for veterans for generations to come. There are many at the VA who want to see this done well and done right, but I do know it will take time. Change is not something that occurs in a day or a month or even a year, and the changes required here are fraught with difficulty if not done the correct way. The key to making certain that change is taking place is how you re-spond to those difficulties. The VA leadership can learn from the past and change the culture and complacency and excuses. We no longer should be asking why but why not. The VA will be testifying next week on the status of the VA MISSION Act implementation before the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees, and I will be there. I urge them to hold nothing back, to tell us clearly where they anticipate struggles, and that they in no way sweep anything under the rug so they make certain we know the challenges they are facing and so that we then can help them in the solu-tions. Without real change within the VA, we cannot hope for real change for our veterans. We cannot afford to fail them any longer or in any additional cir-cumstance. The American people, Congress, and the President have charged the VA with a daunting mission, but it is a mission that is so worthy—to provide our veterans, those who have served our Nation, with a VA that is worthy of those veterans’ service. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES  
CORPORAL MATT HENDERSON  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to continue my tributes to the current generation of Nebraska men and women who have lost their lives defending our freedom in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Each of these Nebraskans has a special story to tell. Today I will recall the life and serv-ice of Cpl Matt Henderson of Lincoln, NE. Matt was born on May 15, 1979, in Co-lumbia, MO, to Owen and Rebecca Hen-derson. At the time Matt came into the world, his dad, Owen, was attending veterinary school. After Owen finished veterinary school, the Henderson fam-ily moved to ‘‘The Good Life’’ to raise both Matt and his newly born sister Kellie. As Matt grew, he made many friends, loved to play outside, and enjoyed hunting and fishing. Many times Matt could be found by his dad’s side on his equine veterinary visits. His favorite furry companion was his curly-haired golden retriever Rocket, with which he spent a lot of time and which he taught to play fetch. Matt loved sports and participated in many sports growing up, including baseball, basketball, wrestling, track, and football, but his favorite of all was football. He was a devout Nebraska Husker and Chicago Bears fan. Matt and his wife Jaimie began dat-ing while they attended Palmyra Jun-ior-Senior High School in Otoe County. Jaimie remembers Matt wearing his football jersey on game days and their dates at the movies, the mall, and homecoming dances before they were even old enough to drive. After graduating high school in 1998, Matt attended Nebraska Wesleyan Uni-versity where he studied athletic train-ing and criminal justice. He also played on the football team and was an avid weightlifter. In 2000, Matt joined the U.S. Marine Corps because he was attracted to the discipline and direction that it offered. He completed boot camp at Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego before attending and completing infantry training at Camp Pendleton. Due to his strong interest in the construction field, Matt also finished combat engi-neer school at Camp Lejeune. After engineer school, he was as-signed to the 1st Combat Engineer Bat-talion at Camp Pendleton. On August 4, 2001, Matt proposed to Jaimie on Mission Beach in San Diego, just after sunset. They were so excited to finally get married and begin plan-ning their wedding in Nebraska, which was scheduled for April 12, 2003. In January of 2003, however, Matt’s unit was informed that they would be among the first forces to invade Iraq. Jaimie postponed the wedding, which was supposed to take place in just a few months, and instead she and Matt were married in a civil ceremony in San Diego. The two of them couldn’t imagine something happening during Matt’s deployment and never being able to marry one another. In February of 2003, Matt deployed to Iraq. He joined other U.S.-led forces in the invasion of Iraq and Kuwait in order to oust Saddam Hussein. During his deployment, Matt was chosen to be a squad leader due to his leadership abilities, technical skills, and the re-spect of other marines. Matt’s family had no communication with him dur-ing this time and were glued to the TV, watching the news every evening with the hopes of catching a glimpse of Matt. Upon Matt’s return home in May of 2003, he and Jaimie finally had their big church wedding in Lincoln, NE, where they renewed their vows in front of their family and friends. Following the wedding, Jaimie moved to Cali-fornia to live at Camp Pendleton with Matt. Without the distance, she and Matt had more time to spend together, and they enjoyed socializing with their other friends in the Marine Corps. In February of 2004, Matt deployed to Iraq for the second time and Jaimie moved back to Nebraska to be closer to their families. As a squad leader, Matt was very aware of and concerned about the dan-gers of his second deployment. On May 26, 2004, Matt was leading his squad of several other marines and sweeping an area in the Al Anbar Province of Iraq for explosive devices and repairing major roads. This particular area had seen a dramatic increase in violence and demonstrations at the time, and the Province was in full-scale revolt. During the sweep, Matt and two of his men, including Shelton, NE, native Kyle Codner, were killed when an IED was detonated. Matt warned his squad to get back and take cover but was unable to get out of range himself. The remainder of his squad survived, with one person suffering shrapnel wounds. Cpl Matt Henderson’s memorial serv-ice was held at the First Plymouth Church in Lincoln on June 3, 2004. Hun-dreds of family, friends, and fellow sol-diers attended the ceremony to honor Matt and pay their respects. In what seems an impossible task, Matt’s fa-ther gave the eulogy that day. Matt was laid to rest at the Lincoln Memo-rial Park Cemetery. For his ultimate sacrifice, Cpl Matt Henderson received the Naval Achieve-ment Medal with cluster, a Purple Heart, and numerous unit citations and campaign ribbons. He was the first to receive the prestigious Noncommis-sioned Officer Combat Engineer of the Year Award posthumously. Matt was a consistent source of in-spiration for his fellow marines. He was the kind of young man people were just drawn to. He was a tough, yet selfless marine. Cpl Matt Henderson lived life to the fullest, and he is missed dearly by his family and friends. I join all Nebras-kans and Americans across the country in saluting Matt’s bravery and his sac-rifice. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I say to the Senator from Nebraska, this Sen-ator has had too many opportunities to give the same kind of speech in remem-brance of fallen Floridians just like her constituent who gave the ultimate sac-rifice in protection of his country, and I thank the Senator from Nebraska. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, 30 years ago, a gentleman by the name of Dr. James Hansen was the Director of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.032 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7218 November 29, 2018 
Studies. He testified to the Senate En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee that he was 99 percent certain that the year’s record temperatures were not the result of natural variation. That was 30 years ago. It was the first time a lead scientist drew a connection be-tween human activities, the growing concentration of atmosphere pollut-ants, and a warming climate. This Senator was a young congress-man at the time representing East Cen-tral Florida and Florida’s Space Coast. Just 2 years prior, I had flown for 6 days on the 24th mission of the space shuttle. In this case, our orbiter was the Space Shuttle Columbia. Growing up on the Indian River on Florida’s Atlantic coast, it is easy to think that nature’s bounty is endless, that the sand beaches, the crystal clear water, the blue sky, and the warm Sun will continue forever. It would be like Camelot. But peering out the window back at the planet from the window of a spacecraft, when I looked, all of the Earth suddenly took on a new mean-ing. I realized how thin the line was be-tween our protected shared home—the planet—and uninhabitable space. When Dr. Hansen testified about the greenhouse effect and how that thin layer of atmosphere was becoming pol-luted, it got my attention because I re-membered looking at the rim of the Earth and seeing that thin film as we orbited the Earth every 90 minutes. Since his 1988 warning, the evidence has unfortunately confirmed Dr. Han-sen’s 1988 prediction. Extreme events in 2017 and 2018 alone included back-to-back, record Atlantic and gulf hurricanes and unprecedented and devastating wildfires. Global tem-peratures are rising, and so are the seas. Why? The extra heat is absorbed by the oceans, which cover two-thirds of the Earth. That extra heat, when ab-sorbed in water, causes water to ex-pand. Also, 2016 and 2017 had two of the highest global temperatures ever re-corded since we began measuring in 1880, and 2018 is on track to be the fourth hottest year on record. Warmer air and water make the envi-ronment more hospitable to toxic algae blooms, mosquitos that carry deadly diseases, and things like poison ivy. These are three things that I think we can all agree that we need less of, not more. The oceans are warming, and they are fueling the intensification of hurri-canes—as we saw recently with Irma and Michael—and that warming water is creating the conditions that bleach coral reefs and feed toxic algae blooms. My beautiful home State of Florida, which I have had the great privilege of serving, is ground zero for these im-pacts. According to the fourth National Climate Assessment report released by the administration just last week—the day after Thanksgiving—climate change is expected to make South Florida more vulnerable to diseases like the Zika virus. Florida could see more than $346 billion in lost property value over the course of this century. But this stretches beyond property val-ues. A Florida Department of Health assessment determined that almost 600,000 people in South Florida are going to face extreme or high risk from sea level rise. Warming water, nutrient enrichment, overfishing, and coastal development are all contributing to the dire situation of one of our Nation’s crown jewels—the coral reefs of the Florida Keys. The real question is, What are we going to do about it? I think there are three things we ought to consider. First, we truly cannot afford to po-liticize the air we breathe. The science is not up for debate. The greenhouse gas emissions are heating the atmos-phere, which in turn heat our oceans, supercharging the hurricanes, leaving us vulnerable to drought and threat-ening the water we drink and the food we eat. Reports of political censorship or political interference with science— that is unacceptable and foolish. If we ignore the science, we do so at our peril. Second, I think we are going to have to stop putting so many greenhouse gases into the atmosphere so fast. This is called climate mitigation. It means that we must invest in new technology, in the economy of the future, things like wind and solar, electric vehicles, and more efficient buildings. Each one of them would have a huge impact in lessening the amount of derivatives of carbon that we put into the atmos-phere. Third, I think we should consider that we are going to have to make our communities more resilient to the im-pacts of climate change—climate change that is already upon us and cli-mate change that, in the future, we are not going to be able to avoid. You can’t just cut off the greenhouse gases going into the atmosphere and the warming that results therefrom that is already in the system. You talk to the scientists. There is something just beyond about 4 degrees Fahrenheit more than the average an-nual global temperature—that if it rises beyond that, there is no return. We have a chance, but time is of the essence. We ought to consider climate change adaptation. You don’t have to agree with climate science to know that it makes sense to do that. I want to urge our colleagues on both sides of this aisle that separates Re-publicans from Democrats. You need to take this seriously. For the sake of your States and mine, for the good of our planet, for the good of our children, for the good of future generations, take climate change seriously. Listen to the experts, and come together to work on solutions. Instead of saying ‘‘I am not a scientist,’’ listen to the scientists. Don’t try to censor their warnings or hide from the truth. Instead of saying that making changes could cost money, think about the cost to our economy and our society if we don’t act. Coastal communities inundated with catastrophic flooding, midwestern droughts that raise food prices, and soaring health costs—these are some of the costs that are coming to our coun-try—indeed, to our society—indeed, to the civilization of planet Earth. We must act, and we must do it now. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, first, I am going to commend the senior Sen-ator from Florida for what he said. Throughout my career, I have been so impressed and so grateful for his strong voice on the environment. He is the only Member of this body who has seen Earth from space. 
FREEDOM OF THE PRESS  
Mr. President, I thank my dear friend, the senior Senator from Iowa, Senator G
RASSLEY , who is going to speak but said I could go ahead, and I will. I will be brief. In the 44 years I have served in the Senate, I have never been so concerned about the state of press freedom around the world, including, I deeply regret to say, in our own country. I was brought up in a family that owned a weekly newspaper and owned a printing business. The First Amend-ment was the most important part of our Constitution because it promised the freedom of speech and it promised the diversity of religion, and that Amendment was the foundation of our democracy. Yet the premeditated murder and dis-memberment of Jamal Khashoggi by Saudi authorities and then their ridic-ulous, transparent attempt to cover it up have shocked the consciences of people everywhere. Yesterday, by vot-ing to discharge S.J. Res. 54, the Sen-ate demonstrated that the Saudi royal family needs to hold accountable all those who are responsible for that hor-rific crime if it wants to salvage rela-tions with the United States. Look at what happens if we don’t speak out in defense of a free press. Just a few days after Mr. Khashoggi’s murder, the body of Bulgarian jour-nalist Viktoria Marinova was discov-ered. The investigation suggests that she was raped, beaten, and strangled. I think the motive is undeniable. She had spent the previous year reporting on corruption. According to the Committee to Pro-tect Journalists, so far, in 2018, at least 43 journalists have been killed for their work while 15 other journalists have also been killed, although their deaths have not yet, at least, been officially linked to their work. According to data compiled by Freedom House, the muz-zling of journalists and independent news media is at its worst point in over a decade. Similarly, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, the number of reporters who have been jailed for their work—who have been jailed for being reporters doing their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.035 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7219 November 29, 2018 
job—is at a level that has not been seen since the 1990s. Strongmen around the world are cracking down with impu-nity. Frankly, this son of a printer, this son of a newspaper owner, is not surprised. At home, President Trump regularly demonizes the news media. He calls the news media the enemy of the people and hopes that his acidic outbursts and threats will dissuade journalists from accurately reporting on his administra-tion. With the eyes of the world upon him, he makes a mockery of the entire notion of an independent press. It is something that has been guaranteed in our Constitution since the beginning of our country, yet the President makes a mockery of it. He brands anybody who challenges him as either a liar or worse, while he holds hands with those who are willing to sing his praises. He even went so far as to rescind the credentials of one re-porter who persisted in asking ques-tions the President didn’t like. I have been here with eight different Presi-dents, and I have never seen that done before, not even with Watergate. A few days ago, he publicly deni-grated the decorated, retired U.S. ad-miral who led the raid that killed Osama bin Laden and who had dared to criticize the President’s attacks against the press as being a grave threat to our democracy, which it is. So this President who avoided the draft five times demeans the Admiral who was in charge of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. As Americans who cherish the First Amendment and who rely on a free press for sustaining our democratic form of government, we should be ap-palled. The words of a President mat-ter. They always have. Yet this Presi-dent’s rhetoric gives comfort to auto-crats the world over who are emboldened to clamp down on dissent, as they are confident they have a pow-erful defender in the United States as they censor and jail journalists. We have seen despots quote our President. Can you imagine? We Amer-icans see autocrats in other countries quote our President about this. We see them pass laws outlawing so-called fake news, which their leaders use to justify dismissing and castigating re-porting with whom they disagree in order to persecute their political oppo-nents. We should fear the day when a free press is seen as unimportant or as a luxury—as something no longer syn-onymous with our country and its val-ues. We must always recommit our-selves to defending press freedom and to elevating and celebrating a free press as one of the cornerstones of our democracy. Americans should not be silenced just because our President, for the first time in history, demeans and tries to intimidate the press. We must stand up, as the Founders of this country and as every leader in this country up to now has done, and defend a free press. In this challenging time for press freedom around the world, the Com-mittee to Protect Journalists honored four exceptional journalists at the 2018 International Press Freedom Awards in New York City. One is Amal Khalifa, who is the co-founder of the Sudanese Journalists Network, which has covered protests of official wrongdoing in Sudan, whose leader, President al-Bashir, has been indicted by the International Criminal Court. Because of her reporting, she has been harassed, detained, and phys-ically abused by Sudanese authorities, but she still does her job at great per-sonal peril. Anastasiya Stanko is an independent broadcast journalist who was taken hostage by an armed group while she reported on the conflict in eastern Ukraine. Since her release, she has continued to risk her safety and her life by reporting on the war and on other human rights violations in con-flict-torn areas by Ukraine’s Security Service. Luz Mely Reyes is an investigative reporter who founded an independent news website to bring attention to the political situation in her country of Venezuela. In 2017, while she covered protests against Venezuela’s President Nicolas Maduro, members of her team were attacked and threatened, but she courageously continued her work. She has since emerged as one of Ven-ezuela’s most recognized champions of independent journalism. Lastly, Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, one of Vietnam’s most prominent inde-pendent bloggers, has devoted her life to calling attention to human rights violations in Vietnam. In October 2016, she was sentenced to 10 years in prison on charges of propagandizing against the state. After her health began to de-teriorate she was released from prison, but only on the condition of exile. We often speak about the abuses of repressive governments around the world. We must also speak out against the increasing attempts to demean and intimidate the press here at home. The President may continue to do that as the leaders of some other countries do, but we should not stand for it. Our democracy depends on a free press. The lives of these four brave in-dividuals remind us of what is at stake. We must stand up for what is right even when our President does not. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. 
APPROPRIATIONS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, next Friday, appropriations expire for 7 of the 12 appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019, and we are in good faith ne-gotiations with our Republican coun-terparts here in the Congress to get them enacted. The good news is that because of the bipartisan work in the Senate, approximately 75 percent of the Federal Government is funded for 2019. The bad news is that the 7 bipar-tisan appropriations bills are hanging in the balance for one reason and one reason only—President Trump. President Trump has said that he wants to shut down the government unless he gets $5 billion from the American taxpayers for an unnecessary border wall. The President hasn’t even tried to get Mexico to pay for it, as he promised in his campaign over and over and over. He hasn’t outlined a plan to deal with eminent domain concerns or even a plan as to how it would be built. He hasn’t even spent the $1.3 billion Congress allocated last year in the fis-cal year 2018 budget for border secu-rity—fences, drones, technology— which actually makes sense. Now he is asking, having not spent that money, for more. So this isn’t actually about border security. This is the President’s way of trying to manufacture a shut-down to fire up his base. Make no mistake. The President is the only person who holds the ultimate responsibility for a government shut-down. He can decide if we are going to have one or not have one. He, cer-tainly, has the power to shut down the government, but he has two very rea-sonable ways to avoid one. First, he could agree to sign the bi-partisan DHS appropriations bill that the Senate Democrats and Republicans have already agreed to, which includes $1.6 billion for border security on top of the $1.3 billion that President Trump still hasn’t spent from last year. It is just what we have done in previous years—funding for fencing on the bor-der where the experts say it makes the most sense. It would protect our border far more effectively and far more quickly than any wall. Leader MCCONNELL voted for that bill. Chairman S
HELBY voted for it, as did Senator R
UBIO. Even Senator G RA-
HAM, the President’s strongest sup-porter and closest ally in the Senate, voted for that bill. Now, all of a sud-den, it seems that the Republicans, afraid to buck the President even when they know he is wrong, want to renege on that agreement to go along with the President’s shutdown plan. But it doesn’t have to be that way. This bi-partisan negotiated deal remains on the table and would, certainly, receive more than 60 votes in the Senate. Second, if the President doesn’t want to agree to that bipartisan bill, we could avoid a shutdown by passing a continuing resolution for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. We think it should be for a whole year. It would keep the government open and still provide another $1.3 billion for border security on top of the $1.3 billion the President has not yet spent. Again, this option would, certainly, receive more than 60 votes in the Senate. So President Trump has a simple choice of two good bipartisan options. If he decides to support either the bi-partisan DHS bill or a continuing reso-lution, I am confident that both would pass by comfortable margins. The only position that cannot garner 60 votes is the President’s position. He is adamant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.036 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7220 November 29, 2018 
about having a partial shutdown. He keeps repeating over and over that he wants a shutdown. Make no mistake about it. He is the only reason there would be a shutdown. If President Trump wants to throw a temper tantrum and shut down some Departments and Agencies over Christ-mas, that is, certainly, within his power, but he has two more sensible options available to him. It would be a shame if the country suffered because of a Trump temper tantrum. It is the President’s choice. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
LOWERING DRUG PRICES  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, mil-lions of Americans woke up this morn-ing and started the day with their doses of prescription medications. Their daily regimens are prescribed by their healthcare providers to treat ill-nesses and to improve the quality of their lives, and for many Americans, prescription medicine extends and saves their lives. Without their pre-scription medication, millions of Americans would not survive. For so many of our loved ones who have diabetes, high blood pressure, cys-tic fibrosis, epilepsy, or other chronic healthcare conditions, prescription drugs are a basic necessity for their living. Without pharmaceutical treat-ment or cures, too many family gath-erings at Thanksgiving, which has just passed, arguably, would have had fewer plates at the table this holiday season. As a nation, we are incredibly blessed to live in a country where investment and innovation unlocks cures and treatments. Yet the escalating price of prescription drugs are a consuming concern for too many millions of Americans, even including Iowans who bring up this subject regularly at my county meetings. I have come to the floor of the Sen-ate to address the sticker shock that greets consumers when they pick up their medicine at the pharmacy or open their medical bills after a hos-pital visit. Rising drug prices that Americans pay out of pocket are gob-bling up a bigger share of income. For some people on a fixed income, sky-high drug prices are eating up every spare penny they can scrape to-gether to pay for their prescriptions. It is time we talk turkey to our friends at Big Pharma. I don’t make fun of our friends at Big Pharma. I use the word ‘‘friends’’ because we all enjoy a longer life and better quality of life because of miracle drugs. As a fiscal conservative who whole-heartedly believes in free enterprise, I don’t want the government intruding unnecessarily in the marketplace. The reason millions of Americans benefit from lifesaving drugs in the first place is due largely to capitalism and the en-trepreneurial spirit that drives innova-tion and opens new frontiers of modern medicine. I also believe strong intellectual property rights help incentivize compa-nies to invest in research and develop-ment so new cures are found for our loved ones. However, government does have a responsibility to keep a check on unfair business practices and to ac-tually rein in anti-competitive behav-ior that harms consumers and fleeces taxpayers. There is a general agreement that these are constitutional as well as le-gitimate roles for government. Of course, if you are going to protect the consumers and not fleece taxpayers, this can happen in a number of ways. It happens when brand-name and ge-neric drugmakers game the system to pad their profits at the expense of tax-payers and consumers. It happens when hospitals, middlemen, and providers determine which drugs to prescribe based on its reimbursement and mark-up from insurers, including public health programs for the military and veterans or the big ones like Medicare and Medicaid. Throughout my public service in the U.S. Senate, I have established a funda-mental commitment to transparency. Remember that transparency, particu-larly in government, brings account-ability, but transparency in the private sector will also bring accountability. From whistleblower protections to the public’s right to know, sunlight sweeps away wrongdoing, strengthens good government, and helps consumers and taxpayers get the most bang for the buck. I have worked across the aisle to apply this standard to help lower drug prices. It is an issue that resonates loudly and very clearly in every household of America. In fact, Iowans contacted my office a couple of years ago regarding real sticker shock for their EpiPens. The escalating price they were paying for lifesaving anti-allergy medication jumped $600 for a two-pack. On their behalf, I started digging for answers. It turned out that Mylan, the EpiPen distributor, had jacked up the price for over a decade during the Obama admin-istration. In fact, from 2006 through 2016, it rose more than 400 percent. EpiPen is the most widely prescribed epinephrine autoinjector in the United States. Parents, grandparents, daycare providers, and teachers across the country keep their homes, their cars, and their classrooms stocked in case of an emergency. A 400-percent increase—how was Mylan able to accomplish this? It clas-sified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name drug in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Simply, that in-correct classification cost the U.S Treasury and States big time by allow-ing Mylan to pay lower rebates. The watchdog at the Department of Health and Human Services, at my re-quest, found the misclassification may have resulted in the taxpayers and the States overpaying for the drug by as much as $1.3 billion. What is more, a competing pharma-ceutical company sued Mylan using the False Claims Act—a whistleblower law I have updated over the years. This anti-fraud tool encourages people to re-port and expose wrongdoing against the government. In this specific case, this whistleblower exposed fraud against the taxpayers for misusing the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to the tune of $456 million. I would like to share a time-tested lesson I have learned throughout my 30 years of oversight work in the U.S. Senate: When you smell smoke, there is a fire. The EpiPen misclassification may be the tip of the iceberg. As part of my EpiPen oversight, I requested addi-tional misclassification data from the Office of Inspector General at HHS. As of early 2018, the Office of Inspec-tor General identified the names of 10 drugs that accounted for 68 percent of Medicaid reimbursements for poten-tially misclassified drugs just in the year 2016. The EpiPen and some of its variants are included within the group of 10 drugs, as well as a commonly pre-scribed antibiotic and a commonly pre-scribed drug for an underactive thyroid condition. In a nutshell, it appears the same drug companies may be undermining the rebate program by misclassifying commonly prescribed drugs that can be found in medicine cabinets in house-holds all across the United States. That is simply wrong, and I am going to do whatever I can to fix that issue. Recently, the FDA approved the first EpiPen generic. Of course, that is a good step in the right direction. As a senior member of the Senate Fi-nance Committee and also the last 4 years as chairman of the Senate Judi-ciary Committee, my sights are set squarely on lowering drug prices with-out compromising access for innova-tive cures and treatments delivered by the American pharmaceutical industry. Through oversight and even legisla-tion, I am working to set things right. That includes putting a stop to the shenanigans that manipulate regu-latory loopholes and unfairly extend monopolies over certain drugs. This happens when a brand name and a ge-neric drugmaker work in cahoots to delay the lower priced generic’s entry into the market. For starters, a bipartisan bill I have with Senator A
MYKLOBUCHAR of Min-nesota would inject a healthy dose of Midwestern commonsense medicine into Big Pharma with a bill we have that would do away with what we call the pay-for-delay shenanigans. This bill, called Preserve Access to Afford-able Generics Act, would end sweet-heart deals between brand-name and generic drugmakers that end up cost-ing the American consumer and at the same time the U.S. taxpayers an arm and a leg. It would increase access to more affordable generic drugs sooner rather than later because of the pay- for-delay scheme. Specifically, our bill would crack down on anti-competitive payoff schemes that effectively rip off tax-payers and consumers. These so-called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.037 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7221 November 29, 2018 
reverse agreements delay consumer ac-cess to the cheaper generic drug. I am 100 percent certain that our pay-for-delay bill would help lower drug prices for our consumers and save the taxpayers money through Medicare and Medicaid. That is because generic drugs can be up to 90 percent cheaper than brand-name drugs, and that hap-pens to be a tremendous savings. Ending these payoff agreements would gut artificially inflated prices consumers are paying for some pre-scription drugs. Putting an end to these payoff schemes will end the choke hold they put on the market. By doing so, we can restore timely access for affordable generics to reach the market, boost competition, expand consumer choice, and at the same time lower drug prices. In addition to the pay-for-delay bill that Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I have, I am also cosponsor of a bill led by my friend Senator P
ATLEAHY that would inject another dose of bipartisan com-mon sense into the pharmaceutical in-dustry. We use the acronym CREATES for this legislation, the Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent Samples Act. It seeks to stop anti-com-petitive practices that block lower cost generic drugs from the pharmacy store’s shelves. It would help generic companies get the samples they need to manufacture equivalent products. Right now, a common practice by bad actors in the industry prevents poten-tial generic competitors from obtain-ing the samples they need to test their drugs or blocks them from partici-pating in shared safety protocols. This practice of deny and delay is fueling deficit spending. That is because the tax-paying public shells out a whole lot more money to fill brand name pre-scriptions for veterans, the elderly, and the disabled, when the cheaper generic drugs would do the same thing. This would save a tremendous amount of money. We have the scoring by the Congressional Budget Office saying that our bill—the CREATES bill— would result in a $3.8 billion net de-crease in the Federal deficit. Improving access to lower cost ge-neric drugs while preserving the incen-tives for innovation and intellectual property rights ought to be seen by my colleagues as a win-win solution. I hope you will not just take my word for it. More than 80 organizations sup-ported the final passage of the CRE-ATES Act. They would go all the way from the AARP over to the Consumers Union, which tend to be liberal organi-zations, all the way over to Taxpayers for Common Sense, which I think gen-erally tends to be more conservative. Our CREATES bill was approved in June by the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, which I chair, and has 30 Sen-ate cosponsors. In addition to this leg-islation, I am also keeping tabs on pro-posed buyouts and mergers in the phar-maceutical supply chain. Without a doubt, increased market integration will impact consumers and taxpayers. For example, the mergers of Cigna Corporation with Express Scripts Hold-ing Company and the CVS Health Cor-poration with Aetna may negatively impact consumer choice. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, once completed, these two mergers would re-sult in just four entities controlling 71 percent of all of Medicare Part D en-rollees and 86 percent of stand-alone drug plan enrollees. Notwithstanding the consumer bene-fits of business integration that can in-clude more innovation and cost-saving efficiencies, we can’t afford to turn a blind eye to potential negative con-sequences that consolidation in the U.S. pharmaceutical supply chain may have in the marketplace. I will wrap up my remarks today with this message for the American people: President Trump made a prom-ise to the people to lower drug prices. His administration is working to de-liver on that promise. Most of the stuff that has gone on so far has been within what the law allows the President, through the Secretary of HHS, to do so that Congress doesn’t have to be in-volved in everything. But Congress can surely give support to this program. The President’s blueprint for bring-ing down prescription drug prices lays out four principles: Boost competition, enhance negotiation, create incentives for lowering list prices, and, lastly, bring down out-of-pocket costs. Last month, he signed the Patient Right to Know Act into law, so he has the help of some new legislation now. I cosponsored this bill by Senator S
USAN  C
OLLINS to ban what are called ‘‘gag clauses,’’ which keep pricing informa-tion from consumers every time they visit the pharmacy counter. The new law prevents health insur-ance companies from prohibiting phar-macy providers from sharing pricing information with consumers. So now, under the Collins legislation, a phar-macist can alert a customer if their co-payment would cost more than paying out-of-pocket, as just an example. This puts a little bit of transparency into the whole process and lets your pharmacist help you as much as he can to save money. But there are rules that some companies have that you can’t share that information. So along the lines of also hoping to save the consumer some money—or at least to educate the consumer on phar-macy practices and to have more trans-parency—Senator D
URBIN and I pushed for Senate passage of an amendment that supports existing Health and Human Services authority requiring drugmakers to disclose the list price of prescription drugs in direct-to-con-sumer advertising. It happens that the House of Rep-resentatives rejected our amendment. Nonetheless, the Secretary of HHS is moving forward with our concept to improve transparency by requiring companies to include these same drug prices in their direct-to-consumer ad-vertising. Another example of where the Presi-dent, through the Secretary of HHS, has, under present law, authority to move ahead—we wanted to let the Sec-retary know, through the Durbin- Grassley amendment, that we wanted to back him up in his efforts. Drug companies are already required to in-clude possible side effects in their TV ads. So isn’t it commonsense to add to that list price information to further improve consumer decision making? The more information patients and healthcare providers have to make de-cisions on costs and outcomes, it seems to me, the better off they are. Finally, I would like to say a word about another commonsense solution to high drug prices. For over 20 years, I have advocated for the safe re-importation of drugs from countries such as Canada. The late Senator McCain, along with Senator KLO-
BUCHAR , introduced S. 92, the Safe and Affordable Drugs from Canada Act. I am a cosponsor of this bill, and I plan to work to get it enacted into law. In today’s marketplace, there is a giant disconnect between consumers and the prices they pay for their pre-scription medicines. To many of my constituents in Iowa, it is just plain baffling why this can’t be done. Ameri-cans have come to expect the best med-icine when they need it most. We need to improve the marketplace so that it functions properly to lower drug prices and raise the bar on outcomes. Looking ahead, our Republican ma-jority here in the U.S. Senate will keep up the momentum to deliver cost sav-ings to the American people. On my watch, I will continue working across the aisle to lower drug prices, restore competition, and increase transparency in the pharmaceutical industry. I wel-come the incoming Democratic House majority to join our efforts in behalf of the American taxpayers and con-sumers. As Americans count our blessings during this season of Thanksgiving and going into Christmas, we give thanks for the gifts of friends and family who gather together around these celebra-tion tables. I am thankful for good health and the opportunity to serve Iowans. Along these lines, I will do my best to restore competition in the pharmaceutical market and to stop the gravy train that is taking taxpayers for a ride. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, notwithstanding rule XXII, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.039 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7222 November 29, 2018 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to proceed to executive session to consider Cal-endar No. 1153. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call for the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
MICHIGAN VETERANS  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, representing Michigan in the U.S. Sen-ate is such an honor, and one of the best parts of this job is the work I am able to do on behalf of Michigan’s over 600,000 veterans. Our veterans have always been first in line to defend our democracy. That is why they should never be at the back of any line—for a job, for healthcare, for housing, or for edu-cation. Our government has made our vet-erans promises—important promises— and those promises must be kept. That is true of the Trump administration, as well as every other administration. Un-fortunately, many of our veterans are now finding that promises the govern-ment made to them regarding their education are being broken. For weeks now, student veterans have spoken out about their GI bill benefits being delayed or incorrect. One of those veterans is Brendan. He serves his country in the Michigan Na-tional Guard, and he is a student at Lake Superior State University in the beautiful Upper Peninsula of Michigan. A few months ago, Brendan’s GI bill benefits didn’t go through even though he had done everything he was sup-posed to do. Brendan told his local sta-tion, WWTV: I got emails saying, you need to pay your tuition. It stresses you out because you are wondering if you are going to get paid, and if I can’t pay tuition, then I can’t enroll in the next semester. 
Bill, another student at Lake Supe-rior State University, is a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps. His housing sti-pend was 36 days late. ‘‘It upsets me,’’ he told WWTV. He added: ‘‘When I was active duty, you are expected to be anywhere in the world within 24 hours, boots on the ground, ready to complete a mission. . . . When it comes time to pay veterans back for their service, it takes me 35 days to get a check in the mail.’’ That is simply outrageous. What is even more outrageous is that this week, the Department of Veterans Affairs said it does not intend to reim-burse veterans who were paid less than they were owed. That is after the Trump administration promised a House committee earlier this month that it would make sure veterans are reimbursed. The Department blames computer issues and says that going back to fix the mistakes would only delay further claims. That is com-pletely unacceptable. You can bet that if Brendan or Bill or any other veteran tried to blame computer glitches for not paying their phone bill or failing to complete an assignment, it wouldn’t work. These veterans have done every-thing—everything—we have asked of them. It is our government’s responsi-bility to provide them with everything they have been promised, and I am committed to doing everything in my power to make sure that happens. That is why earlier this month I called on the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to address this issue with the urgency it deserves—in other words, now. This isn’t the first time the VA has faced backlogs, either, but it should be the last time—the very last time—our vet-erans are affected by them. I heard about some of these issues during a series of 13 veterans roundtables I held around Michigan this year. I do this on a periodic basis to find out how things are going and what more I can do to help—as well as, of course, working with individual vet-erans who call our office every week. In response to these roundtables, which I very much appreciate people from around the State participating in, I introduced the Student Veterans Housing Act, which would help ensure that student veterans have a place to live as they are pursuing their edu-cation. Currently, the end of the semester can mean the loss of housing benefits— when you are in between semesters and not in school—because the VA can’t pay for housing in between semesters. My legislation would help ensure that student veterans don’t have to reach into their own pockets to pay for a benefit they have already earned and would make sure they are not losing their housing between semesters. Our veterans should be able to focus on their studies, not worry about keeping a roof over their heads. These veterans need to know their tuition payments will be there on time, just as they were promised. It is not enough to praise our veterans. We do that all the time, but praise doesn’t pay the tuition bills or housing costs for student veterans. Instead, we must uphold each and every promise our country has made to them, including their GI bill benefits. I was very pleased when we were able to strengthen the GI bill and was ex-cited about the opportunities for new support for our veterans. Now we are hearing about technical issues and glitches that make no sense and under-mine the ability of our veterans to fully benefit from the improved GI bill. The Trump administration must ad-dress these technical issues imme-diately. The Senate must pass legisla-tion, including my Student Veterans Housing Act, which will ensure that veterans are receiving all of the bene-fits they have earned. The VA must repay each and every dollar our vet-erans are owed, period. Veterans like Brendan and Bill and so many others have always been first in line to defend us. It is time for us to stand up for them and get this issue fixed. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, this evening, the leader or some-one standing in for the leader is going to come and close out the floor with a number of unanimous consents. One of them will be a unanimous consent to push consideration of the National Flood Insurance Program—to reauthor-ize it—a week down the road. I will not object to that unanimous consent request, but I do want to speak to the predicament of the National Flood Insurance Program. For coastal States, this is a very big deal, and this is a program that is now completely out of step with the conditions that coastal States see before them, so we have to get this fixed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.041 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7223 November 29, 2018 
The liability of the National Flood Insurance Program ran up to $30 billion after Hurricane Harvey. It borrowed $30 billion from the U.S. Treasury. That is its borrowing limit. It basically maxed itself out. In October, Congress forgave $16 billion. We moved that from a li-ability of the National Flood Insurance Program to a liability of the United States, in effect putting it on our na-tional credit card. That allowed NFIP to pay out claims for Harvey, Irma, and Maria. At this point, that leaves the program $20 billion in debt. We are not sure, completely, because claims are still being processed from the 2018 hurricane season, but CRS says as of September, the NFIP has only $9.9 bil-lion of remaining borrowing authority. CRS also points out that repetitive loss and severe repetitive loss prop-erties over the history of NFIP have totaled about 30 percent of all claims— a grand total of around $17 billion— which is almost a perfect match with the $16 billion we had to forgive. If you look at the properties NFIP now insures, the repetitive loss and se-vere repetitive loss properties are about 2 percent by number, but they account for about 16 percent of all claims. So it is a pretty big piece of our National Flood Insurance Program li-ability. It is about $9 billion. We can keep going forward and fund-ing these repetitive losses time after time after time after time, but there are some real problems with doing that. One is that back in the old days, before sea levels were rising, when you expected the weather on the coast to revert to status quo after a big storm, they made then what seemed a sensible rule that you had to rebuild just what was there. We weren’t going to fund improvements and modifications with Uncle Sam’s dollars on a flooded house. You had to rebuild what was there. The problem is, maps are changing, sea lev-els are rising, storm vulnerabilities are pushing inland, and to rebuild in place now no longer makes sense. You have to at least be able to rebuild higher and out of the way of storm surge or you have to be able to relocate. To rebuild every couple of years and get wiped out by a new storm really makes no sense, but the NFIP encouraged people to do just that because it is hard to get paid out to relocate. The relocation rules of the National Flood Insurance Program has to be triggered by a State or municipality doing its own buyout. If you are, let’s say, a small Rhode Island munici-pality, you have a pretty strong inter-est in not doing a major buyout of flooded properties because as soon as that happens, they are torn down—it takes a long time to get there just for one thing, these are slow processes— but the property gets torn down, the property goes to public space, and the town loses tax revenue from the owner-ship of that property. So it is a shot to the municipal budget to go down that road, and it is not a decision made by the homeowner. The homeowner is stuck waiting for the municipality in the State to make that decision. So the NFIP program—we have to get it stood up again, we have to get it reauthorized, and we have to allow flexibility consistent with rising seas so homes can be lifted if necessary. If it makes no sense to rebuild in that place because it is just going to be washed out again, we have to help make sure this program allows homeowners the choice to simply take their final pay-out and go elsewhere rather than in order to stay in the program we have to rebuild and rebuild and rebuild a house the taxpayers continue to have to pay for. For anybody who complains that there is a subsidy in here for coastal homeowners, let me say, the $16 billion in forgiveness—this big, one-time for-giveness that we did—must be com-pared to $44 billion in crop subsidies from the years 2015 through 2017. If we are going to help inland Midwestern and other farmers with $44 billion in crop subsidies, there is no reason to deny coastal homeowners some protec-tion as well. We can help a lot if we can change these rules in a sensible way. The States that are being hit are get-ting hit pretty hard. Florida, it has been estimated by the Union of Con-cerned Scientists, has the most homes and property values at risk from sea level rise—64,000 homes may see flood-ing every other week by 2045. Those are going to be a lot of claims on national flood insurance. Half of those claims are in South Florida, so those counties and municipalities are going to take a heck of a hit. In Georgia, king tide flooding regu-larly floods St. Mary’s, Brunswick, and lower portions of Savannah, according to an article in Atlanta magazine. The road out to Tybee Island flooded a record 23 times in 2015, and it is ex-pected that with just 1 foot of sea level rise, it will be underwater 100 times an-nually—again creating enormous risk. (Mr. KENNEDY assumed the Chair.) It is terrific to see the Senator from Louisiana taking the President’s chair right now because the fourth National Climate Assessment highlights Lou-isiana as facing some of the highest land loss rates in the world. ‘‘Between 1932 and 2016, Louisiana lost more than 2,000 square miles of land.’’ I am not even going to talk about what 2,000 square miles means in my small State of Rhode Island, but it is a big deal, and it is due in part to high rates of relative sea level rise. Getting the National Flood Insurance Program right—getting it reauthorized and adapting it for people who are going to be swept off of their lands by sea level rise—is very important. I do want to commend Senator K
ENNEDY for his persistence and leadership in trying to solve this problem. North Carolina—according to an arti-cle published by the Weather Channel, one beach near East Seagull Drive in Nags Head ‘‘has been eroding at about six feet [back] per year.’’ If a beach is eroding at 6 feet per year, a lot of homes are going to be wiped out. We have to get the Flood Insurance Pro-gram adapted to that. North Carolina itself has predicted a rise of 1 meter of sea level rise by 2100. Data compiled and analyzed by NOAA shows the worst-case potential twice that at 2 meters. According to the Fourth National Climate Assessment, flood events in Charleston, SC, have been increasing, and by 2045, Charleston, SC, is pro-jected to face nearly 180 tidal floods per year—there are going to be a lot of properties making claims against this program—180 tidal floods per year com-pared to 11 in 2014. This is getting worse, and it is getting worse fast. In Texas, Rice University and Texas A&M compared flood damage from the storms that hit Houston between 1999 to 2009, and they found that FEMA’s flood risk maps only captured about 25 percent of the actual damage. So if you are a municipality, in addition to the problems that you have trying to deal with protecting your tax base and of having people flee valuable coastal property as sea levels rise, you also have the problem that when you look to the Federal Government to figure out what your risk is and which are the problem areas, the FEMA maps are wrong. The FEMA maps are mis-leading. We saw this firsthand in Rhode Is-land as well. We had to do a lot of State-level work to get correct map-ping so that our coastal municipalities could have a true assessment of their risk. Those homeowners need to know those facts. Homeowners who are now relying on FEMA maps are being mis-led. We have to fix that problem as we fix the NFIP problem. More than half of the homes damaged by Hurricane Harvey were not listed in any flood risk areas, so they didn’t have flood insurance. That is another problem. Not only is there going to be a big load of new claims on the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program be-cause of sea level rise, not only are we going to have to adapt the way claim-ants can make their claim so they can raise their homes to survive the next storm or clear out because they can’t survive the next storm, but we are also going to have to deal with this problem of homes that aren’t covered by flood insurance because FEMA’s maps are wrong, and homeowners are then left stuck without insurance. For a lot of reasons, my patience is wearing out with this continued kick-ing down the road of the NFIP pro-gram. I have been working on this—I hope in a constructive way—and I in-tend to continue working on it—I hope in a constructive way—but, again, my patience is wearing out with our inabil-ity to agree and make these changes. I yield the floor with, again, my com-pliments to the Senator from Lou-isiana, who has been a very construc-tive and very ardent proponent of find-ing a solution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.046 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7224 November 29, 2018 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
CHEMICAL FACILITY ANTI -TERRORISM  
STANDARDS PROGRAM  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am here today to ask my colleagues to ap-prove a bill to reform and reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program, commonly known as CFATS. This CFATS Program regulates chemical facilities to help prevent ter-rorists from carrying out an attack with dangerous chemicals—a worthy goal. However, since 2006, watchdogs have identified significant problems with the program. In 2013, the Govern-ment Accountability Office found that CFATS had a 7- to 9-year backlog to re-view more than 3,000 security plans and a flawed methodology to assess secu-rity. The inspector general and Congress have questioned whether the program successfully reduces risk, enhances se-curity, and warned of serious manage-ment problems. That is why each time Congress has reauthorized the pro-gram, it has done so only for a limited duration. Coming from a manufac-turing background, I agree with that approach. That is exactly how you help ensure continuous improvement. In 2014, when the program was last set to expire, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs—under the chairmanship of Sen-ator C
ARPER —and Congress did their job. They did oversight. They made re-forms and extended the program for an-other 4 years, until January 2019. Under my chairmanship, our com-mittee also took its oversight and re-authorization responsibilities seri-ously. Over the last 2 years, we have conducted extensive oversight on CFATS to evaluate the program’s ef-fectiveness and develop a plan to make it better. We enlisted the help of GAO to conduct a nonpartisan review of the CFATS Program to help inform our work. We held a roundtable with DHS, GAO, a CFATS chemical inspector, and multiple companies and industry groups. We had an important, frank discussion about the program’s strengths and weaknesses. The com-mittee also held numerous briefings with chemical facility owners, trade groups, DHS, and other relevant agen-cies. After gathering information and talking directly with stakeholders, here is what we have learned: DHS has made significant progress under the 2014 reforms by eliminating the back-log and improving management of the program, but more work is necessary. It is still far from clear that CFATS actually reduces the risk of terrorist attack, and DHS does not measure whether it actually does so. The pro-gram forces some explosive material companies to spend hundreds of thou-sands of dollars complying with CFATS regulations that are duplicative of Jus-tice Department regulations and sub-ject companies to frequent, unneces-sary site inspections. These practices are extremely costly and neither re-duce risk nor enhance security. The program fails to give credit to companies that already comply with other private sector-specific programs that require high standards of care. Recognizing these exceptional pro-grams would significantly reduce the regulatory burden on companies with-out reducing security. DHS needs to do more to make this expedited approval process available to reduce unnecessary costs on both the companies and the American tax-payers, and it needs to be more trans-parent about how it classifies facilities to help companies understand what rules to even follow. After conducting this oversight, I in-troduced a bill to address these issues and reauthorize the program for 5 years. Representatives KATKO , M
OOLENAAR , and C UELLAR introduced a similar, bipartisan bill in the House. Our legislation brings much needed regulatory relief to U.S. businesses by exempting explosive materials that are also regulated by the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, reducing the frequency of audits and inspections, and reducing the burden of compliance for companies that partici-pate in CFATS’ recognition program, all while ensuring safety and security. It improves transparency by requiring DHS to provide information to compa-nies on why their regulatory tier changed. It requires more DHS and independent assessments of how suc-cessful the program is at reducing risk and enhancing security. It also reau-thorizes the program for 5 years. After going through a thorough proc-ess of discussion and compromise, our committee approved the bill unani-mously by voice vote in September. The bill is supported by a wide range of private sector stakeholders, includ-ing the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Chemical Council, the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, and numerous others. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that their letters of support be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows; 
SEPTEMBER 25, 2018. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON . Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON : The Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) Coalition comprises a diverse group of trade associations and companies impacted by CFATS regulations. Coalition members rep-resent major sectors of the American econ-omy, including chemical production, chem-ical distribution and storage, manufacturing, oil and gas refining, utilities, mining, and agricultural goods and services. The busi-nesses we represent are an integral part of the American economy, making our modern society possible. Our members have no high-er priority than ensuring the safety and se-curity of our products, our people, and our communities. We applaud your leadership on this impor-tant security issue by introducing the ‘‘Pro-tecting and Securing Chemical Facilities from Terrorist Attacks Act of 2018’’ (S. 3405). This legislation is an important marker in the reauthorization process, and we look for-ward to working with you and your col-leagues to develop legislation that will pro-vide additional improvements and effi-ciencies to the CFATS program. By reau-thorizing the program for five years, S. 3405 would provide needed certainty to the regu-lated community and enhance the security of our nation. Since the inception of the CFATS program in 2007, our industries have invested millions of dollars and instituted thousands of new security measures at our facilities. The ‘‘Protecting and Securing Chemical Facili-ties from Terrorist Attacks Act’’ of 2014 (P.L. 113–254), which for the first time pro-vided CFATS a multi-year authorization, further enhanced these efforts by estab-lishing regulatory certainty to both industry and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). This stability allowed DHS to in-crease efficiencies in the program while streamlining the information submission process for regulated facilities. On January 19, 2019, the current authoriza-tion will expire. The CFATS Coalition wants to ensure the continued viability of the CFATS program without interruption and the introduction of S. 3405 is a significant first step in this process. Thank you for your leadership on this issue and we look forward to working with you towards a successful CFATS reauthorization. Sincerely, Agricultural Retailers Association, Amer-ican Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, American Petroleum Institute, Institute of Makers of Explosives, International Ware-house Logistics Association, National Asso-ciation of Chemical Distributors, Society of Chemical Manufacturers & Affiliates, U S Chamber of Commerce, American Chemistry Council, American Gas Association, Edison Electric Institute, International Liquid Ter-minals Association, Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, National Mining As-sociation, The Fertilizer Institute. SEPTEMBER 21, 2018. Re ARA and TFI Support for Protecting and Securing Chemical Facilities from Ter-rorist Attacks Act of 2018 (S. 3405). Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Ranking Member, Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Sen-ate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON AND RANKING  M
EMBER MCCASKILL : The Agricultural Re-tailers Association (ARA) and The Fertilizer Institute (TFI) strongly support the ‘‘Pro-tecting and Securing Chemical Facilities from Terrorist Attacks Act of 2018’’ (S. 3405). Thousands of ARA and TFI member facili-ties are subject to the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) program administered by the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) because they store, han-dle, and sell certain CFATS chemicals of in-terest (COI), such as anhydrous ammonia and ammonium nitrate. Safety and security of facilities—to pro-tect workers and the surrounding commu-nities—is paramount to ARA and TFI mem-bers. That is why ARA, TFI, and our mem-bers created the ResponsibleAg stewardship program. ResponsibleAg is a voluntary, in-dustry-led initiative committed to helping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.049 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7225 November 29, 2018 
agribusinesses properly store and handle farm input supplies. The program helps members ensure they are compliant with fed-eral environmental, health, safety, security, and transportation regulations, including CFATS, to keep employees, customers and communities safe. The CFATS program provides an impor-tant framework to ensure facilities are tak-ing appropriate steps to be safe and secure. The current Congressional authorization for CFATS is set to expire in January of 2019. Any lapse in authorization of the CFATS program would subject our members to un-certainty in an already volatile agricultural market and environment. S. 3405 makes several improvements to the CFATS program. We are pleased to see the legislation requires DHS to conduct notice and comment rulemakings to make changes to Appendix A. This requirement will ensure a thorough exchange of information is done so the most informed decisions can be made. ARA and TFI also appreciate the inclusion of Section 7, which would make the Per-sonnel Surety Program requirements of CFATS optional for tier 3 and 4 facilities. Tiers 3 and 4 facilities do not face the same insider threat possibility as tiers 1 and 2. This provision gives industry the flexibility to find a personnel surety solution that best fits their facility and security needs. ARA and TFI also strongly support Section 5, entitled, ‘‘CFATS Recognition Program.’’ This portion of the legislation will allow DHS to utilize and focus limited resources, while incentivizing other facilities to volun-tarily come into compliance through stew-ardship programs. Stewardship programs, like ResponsibleAg, are already working to identify gaps in CFATS compliance at agri-cultural retail facilities. When gaps in com-pliance are identified, ResponsibleAg works with the facility on a timely and thorough corrective action plan to bring that facility into compliance. A ‘‘CFATS Recognition Program’’ would be a great ‘‘win-win’’ and strengthen the collaborative partnership be-tween industry and government. Finally, thank you for your leadership re-garding reauthorization of the CFATS pro-gram. We appreciate all of you and your staffs’ efforts to make a good government program better. Should you have any questions, please reach out to our staff, Kyle Liske at ARA. Sincerely, D
AREN COPPOCK , President and CEO, Agricultural Retail-ers Association. C
HRIS JAHN, President and CEO, The Fertilizer Insti-tute. 
INSTITUTE OF MAKERS OF EXPLOSIVES , Washington, DC, September 12, 2018. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR JOHNSON : Yesterday our na-tion marked another somber milestone, the 17th anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. That tragedy led to great changes in our government, including the es-tablishment of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). As directed by Congress, DHS focuses on securing high-risk chemical plants through the Chemical Facility Anti- Terrorism Standards (CFATS) program. The members of the Institute of Makers of Explo-sives (IME) fully support your legislation that reauthorizes this important program, the Protecting and Securing Chemical Fa-cilities from Terrorist Attacks Act of 2018 (S. 3405), and we urge the Senate to approve the legislation. Founded in 1913, IME is the safety and se-curity institute for the commercial explo-sives industry, a charge we do not take light-ly, as evidenced by the industry’s excellent security track record and work with the Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Ex-plosives, among other agencies. IME rep-resents manufacturers of commercial explo-sives and other companies that distribute ex-plosives or provide related services. Commer-cial explosives are used in every state and are distributed worldwide. The ability to manufacture and distribute these products safely and securely is critical to this indus-try and to the mining, construction, and oil & gas industries that use our products. IME takes an active role in promoting respon-sible practices through the full life cycle of commercial explosives and regularly pub-lishes, updates, and distributes free of charge, our series of Safety Library Publica-tions (SLPs), including SLP 27, Security in Manufacturing, Transportation, Storage and Use of Commercial Explosives, to the benefit of our workers and the general public. Your leadership, as demonstrated by in-cluding improvements identified during the June CFATS roundtable oversight hearing which you chaired, is greatly appreciated. The commercial explosives industry looks forward to work with you and the Com-mittee to reauthorize the CFATS program. We believe that S. 3405 enhances national se-curity while reducing blatantly duplicative regulations; clearing the path for govern-ment to focus resources on highest priority threats to our national security while allow-ing industry to invest their time and re-sources in a regulatory system that has proven to be effective. IME fully endorses S. 3405 and urge the Senate to pass this common-sense solution without delay. We welcome the opportunity to work with you to advance this important legislation. Respectfully, JOHNBOLING , Vice President of Government Affairs. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Having gone through all this work, all this oversight, taking that responsibility seriously, I recently have been asked to support a 1-year re-authorization of the program without any reforms. Without any consulta-tion, Secretary Nielsen just sent me a letter completely ignoring the work our committee has done and informing of her support for a ‘‘short-term’’ ex-tension. Today, I was told the House plans to pass not a 1-year but a 2-year extension with no reforms. The House is claiming they cannot possibly consider reforms because there is simply not enough time, because they haven’t done any oversight, because they didn’t mark up a bill in this Congress. Yet the House Committee on Homeland Security has had years to act. My committee did the work. We did act. Now I am being threatened with a false choice: Either reauthorize the program as is, without much needed re-forms, or let it die. In fact, there is a much better third choice: Pass S. 3405, the bill our committee passed unani-mously, the bill that provides unani-mous reforms that strike the right bal-ance between security and efficiency. Again, our committee did the work. We did act. And I have to tell all my colleagues here, this is the only option I will support. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— CALENDAR NO. 670, S. 3405 Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 670, S. 3405. I fur-ther ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; the Johnson substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. In the wake of 9/11, Congress took a fresh—I want us to walk back in time a little bit to how we actually got here today. In the wake of 9/11, Congress took a fresh look at some of our Nation’s vul-nerabilities and realized that our coun-try’s chemical facilities—part of our industry that our Presiding Officer knows a lot about—realized that our country’s chemical facilities could be potential targets for terrorist attacks. So we created the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program, known as CFATS, to better protect high-risk chemical facilities from those looking to do us harm. My recollection is not perfect, but my recollection is that among the peo-ple who were the prime authors of that were, I believe, Senator COLLINS from Maine and possibly Senator Lieberman from Connecticut, the senior Democrat and senior Republican on the Home-land Security Committee at that time. The program that was created—I be-lieve, and I hope I am not mistaken, with their guidance and leadership at that time, roughly 10 years ago—start-ed out with some stumbles out of the gate, as some of you may recall. The Department of Homeland Security— then a younger organization—lacked the trust of industry. The program also lacked a long-term authorization. There was a fair amount of concern about predictability, and we know how businesses like predictability and cer-tainty, which is understandable. In 2014, Senator Coburn and I, the chairman of the committee at the time—and he was the ranking mem-ber—we had what turned out to be a great partnership on a lot of issues, in-cluding this one. We worked with in-dustry stakeholders, the Department of Homeland Security, their folks, labor groups, and others in order to provide CFATS with a clear statutory author-ization laying out the roles and respon-sibilities of chemical facility owners in securing their sites against attack. What was first created when CFATS was a brandnew bill becoming a brandnew law was obviously not per-fect. That is why we came back rough-ly 5 years later to perfect it. What we did in 2014—I think that is the right year—what we did then was not perfect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.009 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7226 November 29, 2018 
either. I think he knew that, and I knew that as well. Having said that, it appears, for the most part, that the reauthorization that we worked on is working. It is not perfect, but it is working a whole lot better than what has been replaced. The GAO, for example, has reported that the Department eliminated the in-spections backlog. We had a very long inspections backlog—huge. We have worked through that, and the Depart-ment has worked through that. I think we are seeing, over time, improved trust and a sense of cooperation be-tween the Department and the stake-holders, including those in the indus-try. The authorization that Senator Coburn and I worked on, which was al-most 5 years ago, is set to expire in January. If it does, this important anti-terrorism program will, most like-ly, go back to a year-to-year authoriza-tion. Industry and labor groups and the Department deserve, I think, more cer-tainty than that this time. To his credit, Chairman R
ONJOHNSON  and his staff have worked coopera-tively with mine this week to address a number of outstanding issues with the bill that was reported out of com-mittee. It was one of those bills that was reported out of the committee— and we have all been there with, I think, an implicit understanding, a tacit understanding, that some work would be done on the bill on the way to the floor. With that in mind, at least this week, there has been an effort to do that from his staff and, I think, from my staff. I thank him for his willingness to re-insert the enhancement to whistle-blower protections that our ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee, C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , and her staff worked hard to try to en-shrine. However, the bill still contains a number of concerning provisions. Most importantly, the bill would ex-empt facilities that store and manufac-ture some of the most dangerous mate-rials—chemical explosives—from regu-lation under CFATS if they are subject to a separate regulatory program. This change, as far as I know, has not been studied adequately, as a number of folks have suggested, and if enacted, it could expose our communities to sig-nificant harm. Earlier today, I was surprised to re-ceive a copy of a letter that I hold here from the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. I think the chairman alluded to it already. This letter from Secretary Nielsen basically urges caution in making the kinds of changes that our chairman’s bill would provide. She has urged the House and the Senate to pass a clean reauthorization of the program in order to ensure that it does not elapse. So I was surprised to get this today and, I think, anticipating I would have this opportunity to have a back-and-forth with our chairman on a unanimous consent request. I was also surprised to hear this morning that the chairs and the rank-ing members of the House’s Homeland Security Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee—commit-tees that have shared jurisdiction over the CFATS Program—basically an-swered the administration’s Secretary of Homeland Security’s call by intro-ducing a bipartisan bill to reauthorize the program for 2 years. Their bill—al-though, not perfect—would provide a 2- year extension—not perfect—or a 1- year extension—not perfect. Their bill would provide industry and stake-holders with the certainty they need but, maybe, not without some of the changes that should be made in the program as we know it. I am trying to remember the name of a Paul Newman movie. Maybe the chairman can help me. I think it was ‘‘Cool Hand Luke.’’ Maybe the Pre-siding Officer can help me with the movie Newman was in when he was captured and was a prisoner and an in-mate. He escaped, and he was hard to catch. Before he escaped, he was al-ways at odds with the warden, who was a short, stout guy. It was cast in the South, so this guy had a real southern accent—the warden. They tracked him down. They had dogs, and they were doing everything they could to track down the character who was played by Paul Newman. I see the Presiding Officer smile. He remembers this movie. They finally captured Paul Newman, and the warden was really happy that they had their guy. He looked at Paul Newman, and I will never forget what he said: ‘‘What we’ve got here is failure to communicate.’’ Yet I cannot do jus-tice to his accent. I think, really, what we have here is a failure to communicate. Senator RON J
OHNSON and I get along pretty well, I hope. Until, actually, today or yester-day, we haven’t had the kind of com-munication on this issue that we ought to have been having on something this important. I can object, and he can ob-ject to anything I might try to do with a 1- or a 2-year straight extension, but I think what we really need to do is kind of like lay down our arms—not literally our arms—and go back not necessarily to our respective corners but to a negotiating table and, maybe, even invite some of our House col-leagues and the Department—which, obviously, has a clear interest in doing this—and some other stakeholders to join us as well. We are going to be in session. What is today? Today is the 29th of November. We could be here for a couple more weeks. I think there is probably time to, maybe, hammer something out. At the end of the day, if we are not suc-cessful in doing that, then we come back out here and go through all of this machination and object and counter object and so forth. I think the folks who care about this and the communities that care about this—the folks who are in the chemi-cals business and the folks who make explosives—as well as the Department, which has jurisdiction, would like to see us try to work it out. As the chair-man knows and as the Presiding Officer knows, we are working on a number of things together, and it is always my in-clination to try to work things out. I think there is a win-win here. We just need to work a little harder to, as we say in Delaware, seize the day. I don’t know much Latin, but I do know ‘‘carpe diem.’’ In Delaware, we say ‘‘car-pa dee-um.’’ We need to seize the day before time expires in a couple of weeks. That would be my thought. I yield to the chairman for any thoughts that he has. He may want to pour water on what I just said. I hope not. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. I am happy to re-spond. The Senator from Delaware is well aware that we have been working. We have already agreed on three improve-ments from your standpoint. We in-crease the frequency of inspections for companies participating in CFATS rec-ognition programs. We have added a third-party study to look at how work-ers can be made more aware of the fact that their facilities are covered by CFATS. We had a future GAO study to look back at how our provision ex-empting explosive materials covered by both CFATS and ATF is affecting the program. We are already making movement. If you want to discuss this for a few more days, fine. Time is, obviously, running out. I do want to make everybody aware of the fact that because we have done this work, because we have passed this out of our committee unanimously, I am not in any way, shape or form, ac-cepting some of the typifications in terms of the fact that we have not communicated. We have been trying for months to work with the House. There has just been no yield whatso-ever. There has been no give whatso-ever. There has been very little desire on its part to do anything other than to have a ‘‘take it or leave it,’’ a ‘‘let’s extend this,’’ a ‘‘no reforms.’’ That is, simply, unacceptable to me. I have great respect for President Ronald Reagan. I don’t want to prove him wrong. I, actually, want to reau-thorize this thing. Yet if we can’t come to an agreement with a reformed, reau-thorized CFATS Program, I am more than willing to prove Ronald Reagan wrong when he said, to paraphrase, that the closest thing to eternal life on this Earth is a government program. I will let the program expire because I really do not think it really enhances the security of our Nation. It, cer-tainly, has not been proven in that way, and without reforms, I am happy to let this program go by the way of the dinosaur. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. I am trying to think of a really quick comeback to this, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.050 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7227 November 29, 2018 
my memory fails me. I have a pretty good one from J
OHN KENNEDY , who once said to never negotiate out of fear but always be ready to negotiate. That is the preference—to never negotiate out of fear but be willing to negotiate. I would just suggest that we kind of withdraw from what we are trying to do here in a parliamentary way and get back to negotiating. If, in the end, we come back here in a week or two, we come back, but I would like to give it the old college try. Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator yield? Mr. CARPER. I yield to the Senator. Mr. JOHNSON. Again, I am happy to do that, but we have not had that kind of engagement. Right now, there is, ba-sically, a gun to my head, threatening me to take it or leave it. That is not collegial, and that is not a very high- integrity approach. I am happy to sit down. Let’s continue working on this thing. This program needs reforms. We have done the work, and I think that work needs to be recognized and re-spected. Again, let’s sit down and get our staffs together on this, and let’s re-authorize and reform the CFATS Pro-gram. Mr. CARPER. I welcome your words. I used to be a House Member. I think we need to respect their views as well. Obviously, they have some views that need to be taken into account. This is not something I have discussed with the Secretary. I don’t even know how much she has thought about it, given everything else that is on her plate. Yet, clearly, she has people who work for her who have thought about it a lot, and I would very much welcome the chance to reengage with our chair-man, his staff, and our staff but with some of the other stakeholders we have talked about here being engaged as well. We need to put some pedal to the metal and get something done. Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator please yield? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Had the House put an ounce of effort—of work—into this, I would have something to respect, but they have done nothing other than, ba-sically, just to threaten me with these types of tactics. So, again, let’s work together. Let’s provide a product that we can present to the House and that they can pass. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is before the Senate a pending unanimous consent request. Is there objection? Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I was prepared to ask the Senator to modify his request to the Senate and, instead, take up a bill that I have introduced that basically reflects what the Sec-retary has done and what the House has done and is at the desk. Help me on this, Mr. President. I think the chairman of the committee is willing to withdraw his unanimous consent request. I think that is a good way to go. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am not withdrawing my unanimous con-sent request. He can object to it, and we will work with him, but I will not consider that the final say. We will work in very good faith to come up with something better and come back to the floor, hopefully, with a bill that we have agreed to. Mr. CARPER. I don’t get to object to unanimous consent requests every day. I think I will do that in this case just to see what it feels like, but do it in the spirit of trying to get something done. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an objection to the unanimous consent request. Mr. JOHNSON. The objection is taken in that spirit. Mr. CARPER. Good. All right. Thank you. Democracy. What did Churchill say? Democracy is the worst form of govern-ment devised by way of man, except for all the rest. He also said that you can always count on America to do the right thing in the end, after trying ev-erything else. Hopefully, in the end, we will get a lot closer to perfection. So let’s give it a shot. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO RON TRAVIS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is Thursday, and that means it is typi-cally time for me to recognize some-body in my State who has made a big difference for Alaska, sometimes some-one who has made a big difference for America. We like to call that person the Alaskan of the Week. For the pages, I know this is your fa-vorite time of the week because these are usually great stories about great Alaskans, great Americans. Today, I guarantee you I am not going to dis-appoint you talking about another great Alaskan. I like to brag about Alaska—its beau-ty, its mystique, its great people, its vastness, its welcoming communities, its tough people, and its tough environ-ment. Everybody should visit. If you are watching, come on up, and come on up in winter, by the way, not just the summer. The northern lights are out. You can see them. They are beautiful. We actually get a lot of tour-ists in the winter, believe it or not. There is something else that is very unique about my State, very special, and it is this: It is one of the most pa-triotic States in the entire country. There are more veterans per capita than any State in America. We like to brag about that. I certainly like to brag about my constituents who serve in the military and their families’ sac-rifice. So many of these veterans—like they do throughout the country, so many of our Alaskan veterans devote time, energy, and resources to giving back to the community but to also helping with other veterans. We all know that a few weeks ago we celebrated Veterans Day. As part of that celebration and as part of our ‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ series, I want to recognize today’s Alaskan of the Week, Mr. Ron Travis, along with his wife Linda, and what they have done in terms of spending years making a dif-ference for American veterans—Alas-kan veterans—hundreds, if not thou-sands. Let me tell you a little bit about Ron. He came from a patriotic family. His father fought in World War II. His mother was a member of the VFW Aux-iliary. In 1961, Ron joined the Navy, where he served from 1960 to 1964 as a machinist’s mate, third class, on the USS Providence. This was a guided-mis-sile cruiser and was the first U.S. Navy ship to travel up the Saigon River and park in front of Saigon during the Vietnam war. So he is a Vietnam vet. We love our Vietnam vets. After he got out of the military, he used the GI bill to go to college at what was then Eastern Washington College in 1967. There was a lot of tur-moil during that time in our country, particularly on college campuses. This was during the height of the Vietnam war. There were a lot of protests. When he was in college, like so many Vietnam veterans, he was certainly upset to see a lot of the protests. He was particularly infuriated to see his professors canceling class so they could join the protestors. He said: ‘‘A lot of the teachers we had didn’t even know what Vietnam was,’’ but they went out and protested. However, there was a rule on campus that even if one student showed up for class, the professor couldn’t cancel the class to join the protestors. So Ron and other veterans formed a club. They or-ganized a club at their university to make sure there was a veteran in every classroom. It was a pretty good idea— keep the professors doing what they were supposed to be doing, teaching. They also helped veterans pay for books they needed and got them help with their classes. Again, veterans helping veterans is what Ron has been doing his whole life. It turned into the biggest club on campus. There was another club on campus— it is kind of infamous—the Students for a Democratic Society, better known as the SDS. It was not nec-essarily the most pro-military group in the country at the time, to say the least. At one point, they tried to take over the veterans club’s canteen, but that didn’t work. As Ron said, ‘‘They forgot one thing. We would fight for what we believe in.’’ We had already done that. Now, fortunately, it never came to blows. He is quick to point that out, but the SDS certainly backed down to Ron’s veterans club. Eventually, Ron made his way up to the great State of Alaska to work on the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. Like so many people who come up to our State, he fell in love with it. He brought his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.052 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7228 November 29, 2018 
wife Linda to Alaska to settle. They settled in a wonderful community called Big Lake—it is about an hour’s drive from Anchorage—and they made a wonderful life for themselves. They built a cabin off the grid. They raised their kids in Alaska. Ron worked as a mechanic all across the State, then as a parole officer. Eventually, he realized he had health issues associated with the service in Vietnam—exposure to Agent Orange. The American Legion advocated for him to get help, so he joined the Amer-ican Legion—Post 35, in particular—in Wasilla, AK, and began to get more and more involved in veterans’ issues, even-tually becoming the commander of the post. Then, again, duty called another time for Ron to help with regard to our veterans. I say to the Presiding Officer, no doubt you and most other people watching have heard about this great network of Americans called the Honor Flight Network. This network has chapters in individual States that bring veterans to Washington, DC, at no cost to the veteran so they can visit the memorials that, in many ways, they have dedicated their lives to—the World War II Memorial, the Korean War Memorial, the Vietnam Memorial. It is an outstanding program that started with bringing World War II vet-erans here who haven’t seen the won-derful World War II Memorial on the Mall that was built for them and fin-ished in 2004. Because of Alaska’s distance—lit-erally thousands of miles from DC—we did not have a program. Despite having all of these veterans, we did not have an Honor Flight Program. Well, guess who changed that. Ron and his wife Linda. They were at a veterans facility when they were down in Washington State visiting Ron’s mother in a rest home. At that facility, they met an-other veteran. He told him all about the Honor Flight Program and showed him pictures of a recent trip. He said: Do you know what? Alaska needs to do this. Alaska needs to do this. Ron said: Someone should start one. Someone should start one of these programs. He looked at his wife, and they realized they were going to start it, and the Last Frontier Honor Flight Program was born. Two times every year, since 2013, they organize a trip for up to 25 vet-erans, their escorts, a photographer, a doctor, and two staff members. They come to Washington, DC, to visit the different memorials for our veterans living in Alaska—World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. All told, they have orga-nized trips for 286 veterans. One hun-dred fifty-five of them fought in World War II just from Alaska. It is not an easy flight, especially for some of our older veterans, but they are all doing it through Ron’s and Linda’s love and care and dedication. His goal is to try to reach out to as many World War II veterans as they can while they are still with us. Of course, it is a trip of a lifetime for so many of these veterans. A ‘‘wonderful gift,’’ one veteran called it. Others have referred to it as their ‘‘final mis-sion.’’ Ron says, the veterans often shed tears in front of the World War II Me-morial. ‘‘It takes them by surprise,’’ he said. ‘‘They often don’t realize how much they feel’’ until they see it. It is a healing mission and trip for them. They do a lot of things during these trips. ‘‘It’s an honor to be part of it.’’ I try to see Ron and his team every time they come to Washington, DC. We usually greet them with a couple dozen doughnuts when they are out looking at these wonderful memorials. Ron recalls one particularly wonder-ful moment with one of the World War II veterans he brought from Alaska when he was in front of the World War II Memorial. He was approached by a woman who was also visiting the me-morial. He saw them talking. Then they hugged. Then they cried—total strangers. What was going on there? This woman’s parents had been at the concentration camp, Dachau. The veteran—the World War II veteran, the Alaskan veteran—had been part of the unit that liberated the camp. Her par-ents, she said, were in some ways alive because of what he and his unit did to liberate them. That happened right here on the Mall—powerful. Ron credits the community in Alaska for making these trips possible. Of course, he and Linda are being humble. There has been great community in-volvement. Alaska Airlines pays for the flights for the veterans and offers discounts for the escorts. Various com-munity organizations and veterans groups and businesses help pay for the hotel rooms and all of the food. Volun-teers and board members come to-gether to raise money. The community that helps with these trips includes our Active-Duty and Re-serve Forces in Alaska. Back home, when they come home—many of whom are in wheelchairs—hundreds of Alas-kans come out to greet them in the air-port. It is great. It is wonderful. It is the community of my State and really the community of this great country coming together, but it needs leaders. It needs leaders, and Ron and Linda have been those leaders, found-ing the Alaska Last Frontier Honor Flight. I thank Ron and Linda for their great service to Alaska, great service to their country, great service to our vet-erans, for all they have done, and con-gratulate them on being our Alaskans of the Week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
EMPOWERING OUR LOCAL COMMUNITIES  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want to talk about trickle-down economics and give my colleagues an example of why it doesn’t work, particularly in parts of the country that have long been neglected by the power structures in those communities. Let’s take, for example, South St. Petersburg, FL. St. Petersburg is a part of Pinellas County. It is one of our major cities in Florida. It is at the tip of a peninsula that wraps around Tampa Bay. South St. Pete is riddled with poverty. According to the Census Bureau, 16.4 percent of the people who live there live below the Federal pov-erty line, 6.7 percent of which have jobs, but they still live in poverty. Now, there is something wrong with that. If you have a job, you shouldn’t be living in poverty. What we know, as a result of a survey by the United Way, is that 44 percent of people in Florida, according to this survey taken in 2016—44 percent of the people in Florida, almost half—do not earn enough money to make ends meet. That means they don’t have enough money for food, for housing, for healthcare, for transportation, and for child care—essentials for someone who is working to be able to have enough to live day to day. So there is something wrong with this. We find people living in pockets of poverty all across this country, but I want to give an example of it in South St. Petersburg, FL. Many people there don’t make enough to make ends meet and, of course, that means that you have to have both spouses working. Forty-four percent of the people do not have an economic situation that en-ables them to make ends meet. So what do they do to compensate? They work two, three jobs in order to com-pensate. So in South St. Petersburg there are a lot of people who don’t even have a job. It is not because they don’t want jobs. It is because a lot of the estab-lished financial power—including banks, corporations, and big inves-tors—in areas that are depressed like this one see it as a lost cause. They don’t believe it has the economic po-tential to support new business. I want to tell you a great success story about what a husband and wife team, Elihu and Carolyn Brayboy, found out when they tried to open a restaurant on 22nd Street in South St. Pete, an economically depressed part of the town that was long overlooked by those at the top of the economic ladder. I want to show my colleagues a picture of them. This is the Brayboys. In fact, the building the Brayboys wanted to use for their restaurant sat idle for the previous 35 years. It was basically wasting away. When the Brayboys went looking for a loan to buy the building, every lender they went to said: No, it is too depressed. It sat vacant for 35 years. Everywhere they went, they heard the same thing: The community will not be able to bring in enough business, and you will not be able to get enough customers from outside the community to visit that area. Most people would have given up after receiving so many noes or given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.053 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7229 November 29, 2018 
in to the pressure to put the restaurant in a more acceptable part of town, but like most people in South St. Pete, the Brayboys are a different cut because they are not easily deterred. If there is one thing my colleagues should know about the people of South St. Pete, it is this: Don’t test their resolve, be-cause you are in for a surprise. Undeterred, Mr. and Mrs. Brayboys took money out of their 401(k) ac-counts and poured all of their life sav-ings into buying that hulk of a build-ing on 22nd Street. After gutting the inside and pouring in their blood, sweat, and tears into remodeling the property, Chief’s Creole Cafe opened in November of 2014 and has been going strong ever since, creating jobs and changing the way people think about South St. Pete. This is a picture of how the restaurant looks today. Despite the warnings of all of those doubtful lenders, they have been able to sustain the business by attracting both locals and customers from outside of the area of South St. Pete. Does that not look like something that is a well- run, growing, successful business? So the old saying stands: If you build it, and if you really try, they will come. Now, this is a great story of stubborn determination triumphing over fear and adversity and rejection after rejec-tion, but this type of story is few and far between in too many parts of Flor-ida and across the country. So let me show you another picture. This is the Three Oaks Plaza. The Three Oaks Plaza used to be the loca-tion of a Dollar Tree store, but the store closed last year. This is how it used to look, and this is how it looks now. The closing of the Dollar Tree store came on the heels of the closing of the local Walmart nearby. Unfortunately, this is all too com-mon in South St. Pete and too many other parts of Florida. The problem isn’t new, but we need a new way to think about it. We need economic poli-cies that rely less on outside investors and outside companies to come in and remake the image of the area and rely more, instead, on empowering local residents to create their own busi-nesses. They are more likely to keep profits in the community, creating a more sustainable loop of economic ac-tivity. That is what I want to recommend that this Senate and future Senates do with legislation. Consider the example of legislation that I introduced earlier this year called the Economic Mod-ernization Act. That bill does a lot of things, but one key thing it does is to create a new tax break for local busi-nesses that move into buildings that have long sat idle and vacant. Under a piece of legislation such as that, if a business moves into a building that has been vacant for 2 or more years and renovates the property, the business would be able to get a tax deduction worth many more times than what it put into it. Any profits earned at the property, for the first 3 years in that building, would be a tax deduction. The deduction would be capped. It could be, in legislation, at 50 percent of the business’s wages to make sure that the employees are also getting a benefit, and the more the business pays its em-ployees, the more the business saves with that tax deduction and, therefore, saves in taxes. Simply put, the bill, or legislation like it, will make it easier for local en-trepreneurs to rebuild their commu-nity, helping to turn more places like this first photo into places like Chief’s Creole Cafe. Now, that is what we ought to be doing, not digging out old policies from the 1980s and calling it something new like our colleagues here in the Con-gress did last year with the tax bill. The tax bill added trillions to the na-tional debt and made it easier for big corporations to game the tax system and put Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, our infrastructure, and all other sorts of priorities at risk because the entire national debt is run up $2 trillion over a 10-year period. Where is the money to do all of these other priorities—Medicaid, Medicare, infrastructure, Social Security? When big corporations see places like South St. Pete, they don’t necessarily see the financial opportunity that Mr. and Mrs. Brayboy saw and turn it into a going concern. They don’t necessarily want to empower places. Sometimes it just goes over their heads, and they miss the opportunity. We need to incentivize local people to revitalize a community and, in the process, to be economically successful. We need to create more stories like the successful story of the Brayboys. We need to make it easier for locals to take old, abandoned buildings and turn them into new, thriving businesses that value their people and employ local residents. We need to encourage local communities, which understand their own needs, to be financially suc-cessful and have an opportunity to do that. Despite what others say, instead of a tax bill that raises the national debt by $2 trillion, wouldn’t you believe that if we could do this all over America, it would help so much of the economic underpinnings of our country? Let’s think of a way that it should be, and this is one way. We need to do more to lift up those at the bottom and help them help themselves. I hope our colleagues will agree, and I hope our colleagues will consider legislation like this in the future. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. In my capacity as the Senator from Lou-isiana, the Senate stands in recess until 7:20 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:07 p.m., recessed until 7:20 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will come to order, please. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
S.J. RES. 54 Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I hope the Saudi royal family was paying at-tention to yesterday’s debate in the U.S. Senate. The bipartisan vote on S.J. Res. 54, of which I am a cosponsor, was significant for multiple reasons, but most of all for what it says about the potency of the outrage and disgust in this country and in the Congress about the conduct of Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi Crown Prince. That outrage has been building over time, as the number of civilian casual-ties since Saudi Arabia’s intervention and ongoing aerial bombardment of Yemen—one of the world’s poorest countries—has swollen into the thou-sands. We have all seen the photo-graphs of the dead and dying and of children who are just skin and bones. It is said that 85,000 children already have starved to death. The UN warns that 13 million Yemeni civilians could starve to death by the end of this year, if the war does not end. Of course, the Houthis and their Ira-nian benefactors share much of the blame for the death and destruction in Yemen, but we are not supporting them. Rather, until recently, we were providing aerial refueling for Saudi warplanes, and we continue to provide the Saudis with intelligence and tar-geting assistance. As if the kidnapping of Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri, the blockade of Qatar, the imprisonment of women’s rights activists, and the carnage in Yemen were not enough, the outrage toward the Crown Prince finally boiled over with the horrific, premeditated murder of Jamal Khashoggi, a re-spected journalist, Saudi citizen, and American resident, who had criticized the royal family. Mr. Khashoggi’s murder and dis-memberment by Saudi Government agents at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul triggered an international outcry, and it exposed the depth of de-pravity of the Saudi royal family. That an ally of the United States would so brazenly commit such a crime and then so blatantly attempt to cover it up, speaks volumes. After a string of lies by the Saudi au-thorities, it is only due to the Turkish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.055 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7230 November 29, 2018 
Government and independent inves-tigative journalists that we know that Mr. Khashoggi was murdered, a crime punishable by death in Saudi Arabia and many other countries. In fact, far lesser crimes—even some nonviolent crimes—are punishable by death in Saudi Arabia. While we owe thanks to the Turkish Government for exposing the facts about Mr. Khashoggi’s case, we cannot ignore that Turkey’s President Erdogan is also responsible for wide-spread repression, including the arbi-trary arrests and imprisonment of journalists, civil servants, and thou-sands of other critics who have been convicted and locked away after unfair trials. Torture is rampant in Turkey’s jails, as it is in Saudi Arabia. We know that multiple Saudi offi-cials, including the Foreign Minister, Minister of Interior, Ambassador to the United States, and others—all mem-bers of the royal family—lied to the world, including on international tele-vision, repeatedly changing their story about what happened to Mr. Khashoggi. Perhaps most revealing was how cavalierly and shamelessly they lied, clearly assuming that their lies would be accepted at face value. According to press reports the impul-sive Crown Prince, while disclaiming any involvement in or knowledge of the crime, shortly after Mr. Khashoggi’s disappearance referred to him as a ‘‘dangerous jihadist,’’ which was also false. The Saudis have yet to say what hap-pened to Khashoggi’s remains, except that they were turned over to a ‘‘local collaborator.’’ Who and where is that person? What more are they hiding? Reports indicate that the Saudis sent a team to Istanbul to destroy evidence of the crime, during the very period when the White House and State De-partment were insisting that the Saudi Government deserved more time to de-termine the facts. Instead, the Saudis were trying to cover their tracks. There is every reason to believe that the Saudi royal family is still lying about who was involved. We also know that, before murdering Mr. Khashoggi, the Saudi Government has had a long history of abducting, imprisoning, and executing dissidents and others after sham trials in viola-tion of international law. In the United States, the media’s at-tention, for a time, was diverted by President Trump’s racist rants about a so-called migrant invasion, his made up claims of voter fraud, his partisan lies about Democrats, his steady stream of vitriolic and divisive rhet-oric that has incited others to violence here and abroad, premidterm election frenzy, and now its aftermath. I mention this because, for the past few weeks, the murder of Mr. Khashoggi had been eclipsed by other headlines. No longer. The vote on S.J. Res. 54 is the Senate’s initial answer to the Saudi royal family and to the Trump administration. This crime, on top of everything else, was so wicked, so repulsive, that no amount of money, no amount of oil, and no amount of lies can obscure it. The Trump administration lobbied hard against the resolution, warning that, despite the Saudi royal family’s many transgressions the U.S.-Saudi re-lationship is too important to risk. No one is seeking to sever relations with Saudi Arabia. But far more important is that the United States stands for the truth, for justice, for the laws of war, and that we don’t stand by when top of-ficials of another government, whether ally or adversary, conspire to murder a journalist or dissident and lie about it. As of today, the Saudi authorities continue to ignore appeals to reveal what happened to Khashoggi’s remains. After so many lies, they insist that the 18 men under arrest are the only ones involved in Mr. Khashoggi’s murder. No one who knows anything about the Saudi royal family, which controls the Saudi Government with an iron fist, believes that. President Trump, who has been loath to say anything that might implicate the Saudi royal family, at one point said there would be ‘‘very severe’’ con-sequences if investigations conclude that the Saudis are responsible. Since then, even as it has become obvious that the Saudis, including the Crown Prince, are responsible, he has said nothing further about what those con-sequences would be. To the contrary, he said ‘‘maybe he was, maybe he wasn’t,’’ but either way, it doesn’t matter to President Trump. Secretary Pompeo has said that Saudi Arabia has made a ‘‘serious com-mitment’’ to hold senior leaders and of-ficials accountable for the murder of Mr. Khashoggi; yet so far, no senior Saudi leader or official has been ar-rested, and the Saudis appear to have rejected the Turkish Government’s de-mand that the 18 individuals who have been arrested be turned over to face justice where the crime occurred. According to press reports, the con-clusion of U.S. intelligence experts is that such a heinous, premeditated crime by Saudi agents inside the Saudi consulate could not have taken place without the Crown Prince’s knowledge and support. Does anyone seriously be-lieve otherwise? Yet yesterday, the CIA Director was barred by the White House from meeting with Senators to answer questions about this. Knowing what we do about this White House, the inescapable conclusion is that what-ever she would have told us would have contradicted the President’s defense of the Saudi Government. Despite all the Saudis’ phony denials, the President appears disposed to ig-nore his own intelligence experts and rely instead on the Saudi royal family to investigate itself. Why? To protect billions of dollars in contracts for U.S. weapons purchased by the Saudis for use in Yemen. The White House has ap-parently concluded that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman will ride out this storm and remain in power for years to come. Journalists the world over face un-precedented dangers. Those who criti-cize corrupt, repressive governments do so at great risk to their own safety and the safety of their families. They are regularly the targets of harassment, threats, and assassination for nothing more than doing their job. If the Saudi royal family can escape punishment for the premeditated murder of a Wash-ington Post journalist, what does that say to journalists everywhere? What does it say about the United States, if we are willing to accept that? Yesterday, the vote to discharge S.J. Res. 54 showed that we do not and will not accept it. If the Saudi royal family hopes to salvage its tattered reputa-tion and relations with the United States, it will need to take far more de-cisive action to end the mayhem in Yemen and bring to justice all those responsible for murdering Jamal Khashoggi. 
f 
REMEMBERING LUIGI TELARA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to pay tribute to Luigi Telara, who passed away ear-lier this year on April 1. An Italian sculptor who hailed from the marble quarries of Carrara, Italy, Luigi’s life was one of hard work, dedication, and beauty. While he spent a majority of his life in Italy, Luigi lived in Proctor, VT, where he worked for the Vermont Marble Company for 6 years. Although his time in America was short, the im-pact of his work can still be seen today in Vermont, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and even right here in the U.S. Capitol. Although fostered and honed in his home country, Luigi’s love for the art of sculpting spread far beyond his Eu-ropean roots. After attending Profes-sional Institute for Marble, Industry, and Crafts—l’Istituto Professionale per l’Industria e l’Artigianato del Marmo— and later on Magistero d’Arte in Flor-ence, the State of Vermont was lucky enough to become a second home and a source of inspiration for Luigi’s grand marblework and refined artistry. He joined the Vermont Marble Company in 1955, where he was able to sculpt pieces we continue to feature here today, on the steps of our Capitol. It was during his 6 years at the Vermont Marble Company that Luigi Telara made his mark on our great democratic institution with his assist-ance in the creation of the plaster mod-els of the god of war and goddess of peace statues that stand atop the Cap-itol steps. ‘‘War’’ is a male figure with his head slightly titled and his gaze fixed ahead, ready to conquer what is ahead of him. To the right of ‘‘War’’ is ‘‘Peace,’’ standing in a contrapposto pose, holding a fruit-bearing olive branch in her left hand, extending it towards ‘‘War.’’ Luigi’s work should serve as a subtle reminder of what is at stake when you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.006 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7231 November 29, 2018 
are a Member of the Senate, the Na-tion’s conscience. An important mes-sage that is too often overlooked. Next time you are running up the steps to make it for a vote, take a second to ap-preciate the dedication to detail that was put into the statues by Luigi, by Francesco Tonelli, by Franco Marchini, and by Geno Fregosi at the Vermont Marble Company. Following his tenure at the Vermont Marble Company, Luigi went back to his hometown of Carrara where he be-came a teacher at the Instituto d’Arte Felice Palama di Massa and held the position of chair for 30 years. He never lost his passion for the art of sculpting, as he would continue to carve as a pri-vate practice. Although not a citizen on paper, Luigi exemplified what it means to be an American. The United States is a country of immigrants after all, a great melting pot of cultures, and as Luigi’s life and work demonstrated, our democratic institutions are the better for their service. Legacies like Luigi’s serve as a reminder of what we as a nation lose when we put up walls and close our doors to those seeking to do what our ancestors did before us. We must not turn inward. We must con-tinue to shine our great light and be the beacon of hope for the rest of the world. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 19–07 concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Poland for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $655 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, GREGORY M. K AUSNER  (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 19–07 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Poland. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $335 million. Other $320 million. Total $655 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty (20) High Mobility Artillery Rock-et System (HIMARS) M142 Launchers. Thirty-six (36) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) M31A1 Unitary. Nine (9) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) M30A1 Alternative War-head. Thirty (30) Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS) M57 Unitary. Twenty-four (24) Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data Systems (AFATDS). Twenty (20) Multiple Launcher Pod Assem-bly M68A2 Trainers. Twenty-four (24) M1151A1 High Mobility Multi-purpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs). Nine (9) M1151A1 High Mobility Multi-pur-pose Wheel Vehicles (HMMWVs). Non-MDE: Also included are twenty (20) Low Cost Reduced Range (LCRR) practice rockets, support equipment, communica-tions equipment, spare and repair parts, test sets, batteries, laptop computers, publica-tions and technical data, facility design, per-sonnel training and equipment, systems inte-gration support, Quality Assurance Teams and a Technical Assistance Fielding Team, United States Government and contractor engineering and logistics personnel services, and other related elements of logistics sup-port, training, sensors, and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (PL–B– UDJ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Service Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 29, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Poland—High Mobility Artillery Rocket Sys-tem (HIMARS) and Related Support and Equipment Poland has requested to buy twenty (20) High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) M142 Launchers, thirty-six (36) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) M31 Unitary, nine (9) Guided Mul-tiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) M30A1 Alternative Warheads, thirty (30) Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS) M57 Unitary, twenty-four (24) Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data Systems (AFATDS), twenty (20) Multiple Launcher Pod Assembly M68A2 Trainers, twenty-four (24) M1151A1 High Mobility Multi-purpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs), and nine (9) M1151A1 High Mobility Multi-purpose Wheel Vehicles (HMMWVs). Also included are twen-ty (20) Low Cost Reduced Range (LCRR) practice rockets, support equipment, com-munications equipment, spare and repair parts, test sets, batteries, laptop computers, publications and technical data, facility de-sign, personnel training and equipment, sys-tems integration support, Quality Assurance Teams and a Technical Assistance Fielding Team, United States Government and con-tractor engineering and logistics personnel services, and other related elements of logis-tics support, training, sensors, and other re-lated elements of logistics and program sup-port. The estimated cost is $655 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by improving the security of a NATO ally which is an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. This sale is consistent with U.S. initiatives to provide key allies in the region with mod-ern systems that will enhance interoper-ability with U.S. forces and increase secu-rity. Poland intends to use these defense arti-cles and services to modernize its armed forces and expand its capability to strength-en its homeland defense and deter regional threats. This will contribute to Poland’s interoperability with the United States and other allies. Poland will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor will be Lockheed Martin, Grand Prairie, TX. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require U.S. Government or contractor rep-resentatives to travel to Poland for program management reviews to support the pro-gram. Travel is expected to occur approxi-mately twice per year as needed to support equipment fielding and training. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 19–07 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The High Mobility Artillery Rocket Sys-tems (HIMARS) is a highly mobile, all- weather indirect area fire artillery system. The HIMARS mission is to supplement can-non artillery to deliver a large volume of firepower within a short time against crit-ical time-sensitive targets. At shorter ranges, HIMARS complements tube artillery with heavy barrages against assaulting forces as well as in the counter-fire, or de-fense suppression roles. The highest level of classified information that could be dis-closed by a proposed sale, production, or by testing of the end item is SECRET; the high-est level that must be disclosed for produc-tion, maintenance, or training is CON-FIDENTIAL. Reverse engineering could re-veal SECRET information. Launcher plat-form software, weapon operational software, command and control special application software, and command and control loadable munitions module software are considered UNCLASSIFIED. The system specifications and limitations are classified SECRET. Vul-nerability data is classified up to SECRET. Countermeasures, counter-countermeasures, vulnerability/susceptibility analyses, and threat definitions are classified SECRET. 2. Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) Unitary M31A1 uses a Unitary High Explosive (HE) 200 pound class warhead along with GPS aided Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) based guidance and control for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.061 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7232 November 29, 2018 
ground-to-ground precision point targeting. The GMLRS Unitary uses an Electronic Safe and Arm Fuze (ESAF) along with a nose mounted proximity sensor to give enhanced effectiveness to the GMLRS Unitary rocket by providing tri-mode warhead functionality with point detonate, point detonate with programmable delay, or Height of Burst proximity function. GMLRS Unitary M31A1 end-item is comprised of a Rocket Pod Con-tainer (RPC) and six GMLRS Unitary Rock-et(s). The RPC is capable of holding six (6) GMLRS Unitary Rockets and can be loaded in a M270A1 launcher (tracked), HIMARS M142 launcher, or European M270 (203 con-figuration that meets the GMLRS interface requirements) launcher from which the GMLRS rocket can be launched. The highest classification level for release of the GMLRS Unitary is SECRET, based upon the soft-ware, sale or testing of the end item. The highest level of classification that must be disclosed for production, maintenance, or training is CONFIDENTIAL. 3. Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System Alternative Warhead (GMLRS–AW) M30A1. The GMLRS–AW, M30A1, is the next design increment of the GMLRS rocket. The GMLRS–AW M30A1 hardware is over 90% common with the M31A1 GMLRS Unitary hardware. The operational range is between 15–70 kilometers, with an accuracy of less than 15 meters Circular Error Probability at all ranges, when using inertial guidance with Global Positioning System (GPS) augmenta-tion. The system uses a proximity sensor fuze mode with a 10 meter height of burst. The Alternative Warhead carries a 200 pound fragmentation assembly filled with high explosives which, upon detonation, ac-celerates two layers of pre-formed tungsten fragments optimized for effectiveness against large area and imprecisely located targets. The GMLRS–AW provides an area target attack capability that is treaty com-pliant (no un-exploded ordnance). It provides a 24 hour, all weather, long range attack ca-pability against personnel, soft and lightly armored targets, and air defense targets. The GMLRS–AW uses the same motor, guidance and control systems fuze mechanisms, and proximity sensors as the M31A1 GMLRS Uni-tary. The highest classification level for re-lease of the GMLRS–AW is SECRET, based upon the software, sale or testing of the end item. The highest level of classification that must be disclosed for production, mainte-nance, or training is CONFIDENTIAL. 4. The highest classification level for re-lease of the ATACMS Unitary M57 FMS Var-iant is SECRET, based upon the software. The highest level of classified information that could be disclosed by a sale or by test-ing of the end item is SECRET; the highest level that must be disclosed for production, maintenance, or training is CONFIDEN-TIAL. Reverse engineering could reveal CONFIDENTIAL information. Fire Direction System, Data Processing Unit, and special Application software is classified SECRET. Communications Distribution Unit software is classified CONFIDENTIAL. The system specifications and limitations are classified CONFIDENTIAL. Vulnerability Data, coun-termeasures, vulnerability/susceptibility analyses, and threat definitions are classi-fied SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL. 5. The GPS Precise Positioning Service (PPS) component of the HIMARS munitions (GMLRS Unitary, Alternative Warhead, and ATACMS Unitary) is also contained in the launcher Fire Direction System, is classified SECRET, and is considered SENSITIVE. The GMLRS M30A1, M31A1, ATACMS M57 and HIMARS M142 launchers employ an inertial navigational system that is aided by a Selec-tive Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) equipped GPS receiver. To that end, this system requires encryption keys controlled by, and issued by, the National Security Agency. No GPS PPS design infor-mation, including GPS software algorithms, will be disclosed in the course of this sale to country. Susceptibility of GMLRS to diver-sion or exploitation is considered low risk. 6. AFATDS is a multi-service (U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corp) automated, expert de-cision support system used for Command, Control, Communications and integration and synchronization of fires on ground tar-gets during all phases of military conflict. AFATDS provides the automated tools that significantly augment the capability of fire support coordinators, fire support asset com-manders, and their respective staffs at every echelon during the planning and execution of fire support on the dynamic battlefields in support of the Maneuver Commander and his plans. 7. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems which might reduce sys-tem effectiveness or be used in the develop-ment of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 8. A determination has been made that the Government of Poland can provide substan-tially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 9. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Po-land. f 
TRIBUTE TO DEAN HELLER Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, as a Con-gress ends, it is a tradition for the Sen-ate to pause for a moment to acknowl-edge and express our appreciation for the service of Senators who will not be returning for the next Congress. Today, I would like to pause in appreciation of the service of my friend and colleague Senator D
EANHELLER . D
EANwill be leaving the Senate after 30 years of dedicated public service at both the State and Federal level. Dur-ing his time in Congress, he always demonstrated a willingness to consider all viewpoints, while remaining true to the principles that guided his career in public service. It is safe to say that D
EAN’s commitment to Nevada is as strong as ever, and his unique perspec-tive in areas critical to his State will surely be missed in the next Congress. Growing up in Carson City, NV, D
EAN earned a bachelor of business adminis-tration from the University of South-ern California in 1985. After working as a stockbroker in California, D
EAN moved back to Nevada and brought the skills he gained in the business realm to the public sector when he became the deputy State treasurer for Nevada. Learning about D
EAN’s time as a Ne-vada assemblyman was something I ap-preciated because of my time in the Wyoming Legislature. D
EAN’s hard work led him to become Nevada’s sec-retary of State for 11 years, then to the House of Representatives in 2006, and finally he joined the Senate in 2012. His background in both the financial sector and public service was invalu-able as a colleague on the Senate Fi-nance Committee. As a former small business owner, I appreciated his exper-tise and business acumen as the com-mittee considered complex and impor-tant issues like tax reform. DEAN’s in-sightful perspectives and willingness to work with people on different sides on key issues will surely be missed by the committee moving forward. It was a pleasure to work with a Sen-ator representing a State that shares so much with Wyoming. From the prominence of public lands, to wel-coming visitors year-round to world class destinations, Nevada and Wyo-ming’s similarities afforded us the op-portunity to collaborate on key issues important to the people of both States. D
EAN’s dedication to Nevada ensured he was a strong voice for the people who lived there. I am sure he will con-tinue to use that voice to help others. Diana joins in sending our best wish-es and appreciation to D
EAN, his wife Lynne, and his four children for his dedication to this country and the State of Nevada. His effect on the Sen-ate was profound, and he certainly made a difference. We will always ap-preciate his service to the Senate and wish him the very best in whatever the future holds. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HEIDI HEITKAMP Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, at the end of each session of Congress, it is a tra-dition for the Senate to pause for a mo-ment to acknowledge and express our appreciation for the service of each Senator who will not be returning in the next Congress. With that in mind, I would like to take a moment to ex-press my gratitude to U.S. Senator H
EIDIHEITKAMP of North Dakota. During the past 6 years, those of us who had a chance to come to know and work with Senator H
EITKAMP have been impressed with her dedication to the people of her home State, her involve-ment with tax issues, and her willing-ness to work with members on both sides of the aisle to find solutions to the problems and concerns of the peo-ple of North Dakota. I share a connection with Senator H
EITKAMP , who is a Senator from a smaller rural State. Because of this shared background, we have had the opportunity to work on various issues. But beyond our work together, I have enjoyed knowing Senator H
EITKAMP . H
EIDI is a remarkable person. She is the first female Senator elected from North Dakota and a survivor of breast cancer. She would feel comfortable in my home State of Wyoming, the Equal-ity State, where we know what it is like to have women trailblazers. She may be leaving us after this Congress, but she does so knowing that during her time she has made a significant dif-ference in the lives of North Dakotans and in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.012 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7233 November 29, 2018 
She joined the U.S. Senate in 2013 and has served in a Congress often di-vided by partisan views. She has been willing to work with President Trump and to work across the aisle on many issues, all for the good of the people of North Dakota. I have been one of those she has worked with, and I am happy to call her a friend. The accomplishments that brought her to the Senate are substantial. Be-fore serving in the U.S. Senate, Sen-ator H
EITKAMP served as North Dako-ta’s tax commissioner and, later, attor-ney general. I have had the privilege of working with Senator H
EITKAMP on many issues. Notably, we worked together on an issue that has long been important to Wyoming, forging parity between brick-and-mortar stores and e-com-merce. During her time as tax commis-sioner, North Dakota sought to make an out-of-State mail order retailer, which had no physical presence in the State, collect and pay use taxes on sales into the State. After entering Congress, H
EIDI cosponsored my bill, the Marketplace Fairness Act, seeking to level the playing field for brick-and- mortar retail stores and out-of-State online sellers. Later, we worked on amicus briefs with several of our col-leagues, and our efforts to create this level playing fields went all the way to the Supreme Court in the case South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., a case in which the U.S. Supreme Court sided with our position. These efforts have been such an important part of my time in the Senate, and I thank Sen-ator H
EITKAMP for her work on this issue. H
EIDI has consistently and tirelessly fought for the people of North Dakota. She has worked in the best interests of small businesses and contributed in a significant way to culture of the Sen-ate and the Nation as a whole. If her past is any indication of her fu-ture, I think it is clear that she will be closing the door on this great chapter of her life and moving on to something new. Whatever that may prove to be I am certain it will make good use of her abilities, background, and experience. My best wishes to H
EIDI, her husband Darwin, and their children as they enter the next chapter in their lives. I thank her for her willingness to serve the people of North Dakota and the people of the United States. There are countless ways of saying farewell, one of my favorites is: Happy Trails. Until we meet again. 
f 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT BILL Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to discuss the Women’s Entrepre-neurship and Economic Empowerment Act, WEEE Act, which the Senate For-eign Relations Committee reported yesterday afternoon. It has been my honor to work with Senator B
OOZMAN  on this legislation, which House For-eign Affairs Committee Chairman ED R
OYCE and Representative L OIS F
RANKEL originally introduced. The House passed the measure on July 17, 2018. Yesterday, the Senate took a big step toward passing this important bill into law. Both here in the U.S. and abroad, how a country treats its women is a ba-rometer of its success. I believe that, when women succeed, so do our com-munities, especially economically. The WEEE Act is critical in achieving this goal. It brings attention to helping women entrepreneurs, including those living in poverty, to access the tools they need to start and grow their busi-nesses and invest in themselves, their families, and their communities. It rec-ognizes that women are not always on a level playing field, particularly when they face discrimination, gender-based violence and harassment, and restric-tions on their opportunities. Roughly 1 billion women around the world are currently left out of the for-mal financial system, which causes many to rely on informal means of sav-ing and borrowing that are riskier and less reliable. In many countries, be-cause men are considered legal heads of household, married women are required to receive permission from their hus-bands just to open a bank account. As a result, we have observed the propaga-tion of savings groups, primarily com-posed of women, recognized as a vital entry point, especially for poor and very poor women, to formal financial services. There is a high demand for such groups to protect and grow the savings of women with formal financial institutions. Evidence shows that, once a savings group is linked to a bank, the average savings per member increases between 40 to 100 percent, and the aver-age profit per member doubles. Invest-ing in financial literacy, business lead-ership training, and mentorship are key elements to these outcomes. By requiring that 50 percent of the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment’s—USAID—micro, small, and me-dium-sized enterprise resources are tar-geted to activities that reach the very poor, as well as enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women, the WEEE Act will help break down the barriers preventing women from participating in their local economies. It will help diminish the estimated 70 percent of women-owned small and me-dium-sized enterprises in the formal sector that are unserved or under-served in terms of access to financial services, resulting in a financing gap of $300 trillion for women-owned small businesses. Furthermore, the WEEE Act will modernize USAID’s develop-ment assistance toolkit to include in-novative credit scoring models, finan-cial technology, financial literacy, in-surance, and actions to improve prop-erty and inheritance rights. We know that women’s economic ad-vancement can lead to greater security and resilience, as well as stronger in-vestments in health and nutrition, edu-cation, and safety—not only for women but for their families and communities too. According to the World Bank, for each additional year of schooling, a woman’s labor earnings increase by nearly 12 percent. CARE reports that participation in village savings groups increased spending on children’s school fees by 76 percent in Tanzania and nearly doubled the health spending for families in Rwanda, along with in-creases in their spending on food and nutrition. This is exactly the evidence- driven development work that the U.S. should be supporting. We are making enormous strides, but there is still much to be done. Enacting the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act into law will help equip women to overcome the critical barriers they face when seek-ing economic opportunity and will open doors for children, families, and communities to benefit as well. A McKinsey Global Institute report esti-mates that achieving global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28 trillion to annual global gross domestic product by 2025. These stark statistics serve both as a beacon of hope and a reminder of the great challenges that still must be overcome. The WEEE Act will help advance us to-wards this goal, and we must not stop fighting until such parity is reached. 
f 
THE ISRAEL ANTI-BOYCOTT ACT Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to add myself as a cosponsor of S. 720, the Israel Anti-Boycott Act, and urge my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation in its modified form. I have long and staunchly op-posed the BDS movement and associ-ated efforts to unfairly isolate Israel in international forums. This legislation will prevent international entities from imposing their will on U.S. busi-nesses with regards to their decisions, consistent with U.S. law, to conduct commerce with our close ally Israel and its citizens. After carefully examining the pro-posed changes to the legislation, I sup-port the amended version of this bill put forward by my colleagues, Senator C
ARDIN and Senator P ORTMAN . This re-vised version of the legislation makes meaningful revisions to the original language to clarify and improve First Amendment protections. Initial con-cerns that this bill unintentionally in-fringed on individuals’ First Amend-ment rights have now been addressed by these changes, agreed upon earlier this year, and I feel confident that these modifications safeguard Ameri-cans’ constitutional right to free speech. 
f 
CAMEROON Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I wish to raise the alarm about the escalating violence in the Anglophone regions of Cameroon and to urge the administration to develop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.059 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7234 November 29, 2018 
and execute a meaningful strategy to help prevent additional bloodshed. For several years, Cameroon, a his-torically stable country bridging west and central Africa, has faced a signifi-cant security threat in its far north. Boko Haram combatants, originating from Nigeria, have crossed the border into Cameroon and carried out hun-dreds of attacks on local residents. Re-ports indicate Boko Haram killed more than 900 people in 2017 in Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin subregion, which includes northern Cameroon. Boko Haram’s Islamic State-aligned splinter faction, ISIS-West Africa, also poses a threat to the country. With U.S. help, Cameroon has been responding to the challenge, although some of these ef-forts have prompted concerns about its military’s respect for human rights. Now, Cameroon faces another chal-lenge, one that some observers fear has already burgeoned into a civil war. A budding separatist insurgency emerged in Cameroon’s Anglophone regions in 2017. Insurgent attacks and a brutal military crackdown have caused sig-nificant internal displacement and given rise to credible allegations of se-rious human rights abuses by both sep-aratists and government security forces. The separatist movement grew out of longstanding grievances among Anglophones over their perceived polit-ical and economic marginalization. These tensions worsened in 2016 due to the central government’s appointments of French-speakers to local schools and courts in Cameroon’s Anglophone ma-jority western provinces in 2016. The government violently suppressed a largely peaceful protest movement that arose in response, quashing dem-onstrations by force, arresting promi-nent civil society activists on what ap-pear to be trumped up terrorism charges, cutting internet access to the region, and banning some civil society organizations. On October 1, 2017, secessionists sym-bolically declared the independence of ‘‘Ambazonia.’’ According to Amnesty International, security forces re-sponded by killing at least 20 protestors and arresting over 500. Cameroonian soldiers have reportedly killed civilians, used excessive force against peaceful demonstrators, tor-tured and mistreated suspected sepa-ratists and detainees, and burned hun-dreds of homes in several villages as vi-olence has escalated. Some extremist Anglophone separatists, meanwhile, have burned down schools; kidnapped traditional leaders, police, and govern-ment administrators; and killed civil-ians. More than 220 civilians have lost their lives, according to the Inter-national Crisis Group, including an American missionary killed in October when he was caught in crossfire be-tween armed groups. As of May, at least 160,000 people were internally dis-placed, 80 percent of whom are report-edly hiding in forests. At least 25,000 Cameroonians have sought refuge in Nigeria since late 2017, according to UN agencies, although some observers on the ground assess the number of refu-gees and internally displaced to be higher. The separatist insurgency and the heavy handed government response has put thousands of innocent lives at risk, destabilizing an already fragile region. There is no military solution to this problem. Immediate, strategic action by the government, the diaspora, sepa-ratist leaders, as well as the U.S, and other international partners could bring peace, but the window of oppor-tunity to prevent widespread civil con-flict is quickly closing. I therefore call on each of the aforementioned actors to take steps right away to avert the worst case scenario. The Trump administration must de-velop a comprehensive strategy to pre-vent widespread conflict and violence. This strategy must go beyond military support. The State and Defense Depart-ments have administered training and equipment in support of the Cameroonian military’s counterter-rorism efforts, as well as its peace-keeping deployment to the Central Af-rican Republic. However, disturbing re-ports of security force abuses in the far north and Anglophone regions merit serious attention. I trust and expect that the administration is conducting Leahy vetting on all of the individual and units with whom it is working. But we must do more. Given that security force abuses have been shown to be a major driver of extremist recruitment in Africa, the State Department should conduct a thorough policy review of our decision to partner with Cameroon on counterterrorism and in security as-sistance more broadly. A critical element of the administra-tion’s approach must be support for building democratic practices, assist-ance aimed at opening political space, and activities to combat corruption in Cameroon. While this administration may fail to understand that democratic values, human rights, and good govern-ance promote long-term sustainable peace, Members of this body under-stand that these values are and must remain a core component of U.S. for-eign policy. I am pleased that the ad-ministration has finally seen fit to set aside money in Fiscal Year 2018 funds for such activities, after years of dis-appointing neglect for the sector. But $1 million is far too modest an amount to have an appreciable impact. Our ac-tions must match our rhetoric. Our Ambassador in Cameroon has been out-spoken, forthright, and, as perhaps a predictable result, has been unfairly criticized by the government. State De-partment officials at the highest levels here in Washington must support him in speaking truth to power both pub-licly and in private messaging, and fol-low that messaging with actions that will have a tangible impact. The government of Cameroon must take urgent steps as well. President Paul Biya’s administration has applied a military solution to a political prob-lem. It must now must take critical steps to forestall a worse-case scenario by committing to a political resolu-tion. The highest levels of govern-ment—including President Biya—must rethink the wisdom of sending the Cameroonian military to make war upon its own citizens. It should pub-licly and unequivocally instruct secu-rity forces to stop targeting civilians, cease abuses and excesses, and hold those responsible for human rights abuses accountable—including through military prosecutions where appro-priate—in a clear, transparent manner. The government should facilitate ac-cess to the Anglophone regions by hu-manitarian organizations and inde-pendent human rights investigators. I urge the government to consider neu-tral third party mediation to engage organizations that represent Anglophones and facilitate a dialogue without preconditions to end the vio-lence. In January 2018, Nigerian au-thorities forcibly returned 47 Anglophone activists, including re-ported asylum seekers, to Cameroon, where they were detained as ‘‘terror-ists.’’ To show its good faith support for a peaceful resolution, the govern-ment should release peaceful, moderate voices from the Anglophone region who represent those with legitimate polit-ical grievances. And the Biya adminis-tration must be willing to contemplate greater political decentralization to address legitimate grievances in pe-ripheral regions—possibly including a return to federalism. The government needs to open polit-ical space more broadly. In the wake of October’s elections, President Biya, who has been in office since 1982, will serve a seventh term in office. Octo-ber’s elections are the latest in a string of elections marred by controversy, harassment of opposition, and other irregularities. A press conference broadcast on state-run television fea-turing people identified as inter-national election observers from Trans-parency International—who in fact were in no way affiliated with that or-ganizations endorsing the conduct of elections, was a brazen attempt to pro-vide a veneer of legitimacy to a process that was deeply flawed due to re-stricted political space. It is time for President Biya to ce-ment his legacy by laying the ground-work for meaningful political competi-tion in Cameroon. As Benin’s then- President Mathieu Kerekou said in 2009 when he decided not to change the con-stitution and run for a third term, ‘‘if you do not leave power, power will leave you.’’ Future elections must take place on a level playing field. In this year’s elections the field was heavily tilted in favor of the ruling party. Ad-dressing meaningful barriers to polit-ical participation may go a long way towards addressing the root causes of discontent in the Anglophone regions. I call upon separatist leaders and their supporters to commit to seeking a peaceful, negotiated solution to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.015 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7235 November 29, 2018 
Anglophone crisis. The separatists too must support accountability for all ac-tors engaged in hostilities who may have committed human rights abuses. Attacks on civilians are inexcusable. All armed and political actors must un-equivocally condemn human rights abuses, Finally, the diaspora has a critical role to play. I urge members of the di-aspora to clearly and unambiguously condemn violence in the Anglophone regions of Cameroon. The inflam-matory rhetoric on social media by some Cameroonians at home and abroad is unhelpful. All diaspora should scrupulously investigate the charities and organizations to which they are contributing funding, lest they unwittingly send money to orga-nizations that have engaged in violence against the very people they are trying to help. Mr. President, the U.S. and Cam-eroon have a long history of cordial re-lations. Peace Corps has been in Cam-eroon since 1962. State Department and USAID-administered bilateral funding amounted to $83 million in FY2017. And for the past decade we have partnered with Cameroon to counter terrorism and maritime piracy, with U.S. secu-rity assistance rising substantially since 2014 in response to the Boko Haram crisis. Since 2015, Cameroon has hosted hundreds of U.S. military per-sonnel who conduct regional intel-ligence, reconnaissance, and surveil-lance operations and otherwise support counterterrorism efforts. As conditions on the ground deteriorate, the U.S. is in a position where immediate con-centrated action to support a resolu-tion of the problem might disrupt the cycle of violence and help all parties work toward a negotiated solution. Our diplomatic intervention, if well thought out, could make a difference. I urge the administration to take swift, meaningful action. I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIAS THOMAS Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, each year, the 1.4 million members of the National Association of Realtors recog-nize five of their own with the Good Neighbor Award for their service to others, locally or globally. I am de-lighted to congratulate 2018 Good Neighbor Elias Thomas of Shapleigh, ME, for inspiring contributions from his hometown to some of the poorest villages in India. Mr. Thomas, broker-owner of EXIT Key Real Estate in Shapleigh, has spent 40 years volunteering with Ro-tary International. His compassionate work started with his local chapter, where he helped to build meditation gardens for those with mental illness and developed job and housing assist-ance programs for newly released pris-on inmates. His international efforts began in the late 1990s, when he trav-elled to Cozumel, Mexico, for a project to prevent the island’s garbage dump from polluting the water system. In 2001, Mr. Thomas journeyed to India to assist in Rotary’s signature project of preventing and eradicating polio. The deplorable living conditions and the gratitude of villagers for the Rotarians’ assistance convinced him that India was where his energy and commitment were most needed. Mr. Thomas has returned to India every year since then, leading teams of volunteers and personally immunizing about 500 children against polio. He has raised $40,000 to help pay for the cor-rective surgeries of some 1,000 victims of the disease. Throughout his four dec-ades as a Rotarian, Mr. Thomas has raised more than $350,000 for Rotary International’s charitable endeavors. During a 2008 trip to India, he became aware of another dire situation there: the lack of safe drinking water in desert communities in the northern In-dian state of Rajasthan, which can lead to illness and death due to dysentery. Mr. Thomas assembled a team of 78 volunteers from eight countries and worked with village councils on a plan to build dams to capture the runoff from monsoons for drinking water and crop irrigation. Every year for the last 10 years, Mr. Thomas has led a total of 350 volunteers from around the world, and working with local residents and without mechanized equipment, they have hand-built nine dams that provide clean and safe water to more than 45,000 people. A fellow Rotarian who has been part of that team describes Mr. Thomas this way: ‘‘Elias has deep faith that we can bring about change. He’s a man that has dreams, and while most people talk about what they wish they could do to help others, he does it. To Elias, every-one in humanity is critically impor-tant.’’ Elias Thomas exemplifies the motto of Rotary International, ‘‘Service Above Self.’’ His caring spirit and boundless energy are improving and even saving lives here at home and around the world. f 
TRIBUTE TO HANNAH ROSENTHAL Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Hannah Rosenthal’s extraordinary career as she celebrates her retirement as President and CEO of the Milwaukee Jewish Federation. Hannah has had a long and distin-guished career as an influential advo-cate of tolerance, and her mark on the Jewish community is indelible. She is best known for building bridges be-tween disparate factions and believing that everyone, no matter their back-ground or perspective, deserves a seat at the table. Hannah transferred from Mount Hol-yoke College in Massachusetts to the University of Wisconsin-Madison after falling in love with the city and the university during a Hebrew class she attended the summer after her sopho-more year. She received her bachelor of arts degree from UW-Madison and stud-ied for the rabbinate in Jerusalem and California. Hannah’s father was a rabbi and Hol-ocaust survivor who inspired her to lead a life shaped by her Jewish faith. Rabbi Franz Rosenthal’s experiences as a prisoner at Buchenwald and a refugee in this country helped forge his daugh-ter’s identity as an avid champion of human rights. Hannah’s extensive career includes impressive experience at State, local, national, and international levels. She served as the founding executive direc-tor of the Wisconsin Women’s Council and head of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs. In 1995, she was ap-pointed by President Bill Clinton to serve as the midwest regional director of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Although I had the pleasure of work-ing with Hannah at many points in her remarkable career, I am especially grateful for all she taught me about ef-fective advocacy, particularly advo-cacy on behalf of women. Early in my career, I worked with Hannah in her role leading the Wisconsin Women’s Council to organize support for State efforts to guarantee equal pay for equal work. Hannah is perhaps best known for her role as the U.S. Special Envoy to Mon-itor and Combat Anti-Semitism. Ap-pointed by President Barack Obama in 2009, she used her role to build coali-tions of sometimes unlikely allies to denounce hatred around the world. She was not afraid to confront bigotry head on. She personally took those who de-nied the Holocaust on tours of con-centration camps. In 2010, she switched her speech on anti-Semitism at an international conference on tolerance with the Special Representative to Muslim Communities so that she con-demned Islamophobia in the strongest possible terms while her Muslim coun-terpart strongly denounced anti-Semi-tism. She summed up her philosophy succinctly in an interview with the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum by saying, ‘‘This isn’t just about the Jews, this is about hatred, and that affects everyone.’’ Hannah is bold, resolute, and fear-less. She believes there is no room in this world for intolerance toward oth-ers, and she has made it her mission in life to speak out against hatred and bigotry in all forms. It is the mindset that shaped her legacy at the Mil-waukee Jewish Federation and led her to challenge young people to volunteer at organizations that serve people un-like them through the creation of the Hours Against Hate global campaign. Hannah deserves to be proud of her many national and international ac-complishments, but her heart remains rooted at home in Wisconsin with her friends, family, and community. Han-nah has made many close friends along her journey who stuck by her through thick and thin. She also takes much pride and delight in her two daughters and young grandson. Public servant, activist, icon, and pioneer are words that only begin to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.015 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7236 November 29, 2018 
describe the contributions Hannah has made in the fight for a more kind and just world. Although Hannah’s retire-ment marks the end of a chapter, she will never stop fighting for what she believes to be right. I will forever be grateful for Hannah’s loyal advocacy and forever honored to call her my friend. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO THOMPSON E. POTTER III ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, this month, I am proud to recognize as our Granite Stater of the Month an indi-vidual who has gone to great lengths to serve his community, Portsmouth po-lice officer Thompson E. Potter III of Epping. After filling in at Portsmouth Middle School as a school resource offi-cer, he was inspired to launch a fund-raising campaign to provide the funds for six boys from traditionally under-served backgrounds to attend summer camp. Officer Potter said that he attributes the YMCA camp he attended as a boy with helping instill in him the values of respect and responsibility, and put-ting him on a path to success. He also credits the camp with raising his self- esteem, and he believes that other young men could benefit from that same type of experience. His goal was to raise $5,000 to send five boys to the YMCA camp, and dona-tions immediately began coming in. As Officer Potter put it, the whole com-munity worked to ‘‘help take care of these boys,’’ with Portsmouth Middle School staff and parents, friends, busi-nesses, and other community members supporting the effort. Ultimately, Officer Potter raised $13,000, which was enough to send six boys to camp and outfit them with all of the gear they would need. Officer Potter intends to continue his efforts next summer, with the goal of sending five boys and five girls to camp. He says that he wants to give these students something to look for-ward to and give them a foundation to build upon. For his commitment to his commu-nity, the young people of Portsmouth, and the better future that these young people will build, I am proud to recog-nize Officer Potter as the November 2018 Granite Stater of the Month.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY COTTER ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to give special recognition to Lawrence P. Cotter on the occasion of his retirement. Larry is a great friend and dedicated Alaskan whose contributions to our State are signifi-cant and lasting, benefiting our State’s fisheries and rural communities to this day and into the future. As a resident of Alaska for almost half a century, Larry’s work has taken him from fish processing plants to the halls of our State capitol and beyond. After arriving in Alaska in 1974, he spent over 4 years as a seafood proc-essing worker in Juneau and 8 years as a labor organizer and representative for processing workers and longshore-men. Larry shaped critical fisheries policy through his service on the advisory panel to the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, of which he was a member for 6 years. This service was followed by an additional 6 years as a voting member on the Council during a critical time in the development of our Nation’s domestic fisheries. Larry worked to ensure that foreign fishing in our exclusive economic zone was phased out and that our domestic fish-ing and processing capabilities were stepping up to replace the foreign fleets. This shift to an all-domestic fleet al-lowed the United States to finally har-vest our fishery resources for the sole benefit of American fishermen and processors. It was also during this pe-riod that allocation issues among U.S. fisheries interests were first coming to the forefront. These were challenging and exciting times, during which Larry’s leadership thrived. His legacy in Alaska fisheries cannot be over-stated. Most recently, until late this year, Larry served as the founding CEO of the Aleutian Pribilof Island Commu-nity Development Association, or APICDA. As one of six community de-velopment quota organizations in west-ern Alaska, APICDA has used the bene-fits of Bering Sea and Aleutian fishery resources to support its member com-munities in some of the most rural and remote parts of Alaska. In helping to develop, implement, and sustain the CDQ program, Larry did perhaps his best work, accom-plishing goals that will have positive impacts on western Alaskan commu-nities for generations to come. Larry’s visionary work on the formation of Alaska’s CDQ program has benefited all of the participating communities through workforce, infrastructure, and economic development. Many observers, myself included, have correctly noted that Alaska has the best managed fisheries in the coun-try, and I know we could not have achieved this hard-earned status with-out Larry’s tireless dedication to mak-ing our seafood industry truly sustain-able. Thank you, Larry, for your tremen-dous contributions to sustainable fish-eries and to the participation of our coastal communities in those fisheries. I wish you a restful retirement and the best of luck in your future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CAXTON PRINTERS ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize an Idaho small busi-ness that has helped spread knowledge and information across the great State of Idaho and the entire western United States. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship, it is my honor to rec-ognize Caxton Printers as the Small Business of the Month for November 2018. Founded over 100 years ago, Caxton Printers provides high-quality printing and publication services to the greater Boise, ID, community. Caxton Printers’ roots can be traced back to 1895 when Albert E. Gipson moved his family from Colorado to Caldwell, ID, to establish a publishing house. In 1903, Gipson’s publishing company, the Gemstate Rural Pub-lishing Company, began printing a hor-ticultural magazine for Idaho farmers named the Gemstate Rural. Following the success of the Gemstate Rural, Gipson reorganized the company and expanded his commercial printing busi-ness. As part of this reorganization, Gipson named the company Caxton, after the famous English printer, Wil-liam Caxton. In 1907, Albert Gipson’s son, James Herrick Gipson, took the reins of the company from his father and continued the family business. Under J.H. Gipson’s leadership, the company grew significantly and began printing school textbooks. The State of Idaho named Caxton the official Idaho State Text-book Depository in 1927. To this day, it continues to serve as a State distribu-tion center for textbooks, technology, and education supplies for Idaho’s pub-lic schools. In addition to printing and school services, Caxton Printers is also known for publishing original materials. The company established its publishing di-vision in 1925 with the publication of Fred E. Lukens’ Idaho Citizen, which later became a textbook in Idaho’s State education curriculum. By 1936, Caxton had published over 100 books of both fiction and nonfiction. Several of the authors published by Caxton went on to become known nationally and internationally for their work, includ-ing novelists Vardis Fisher and Ayn Rand. Caxton remains active in the publishing field today and continues to support the dreams of hopeful authors. As Caxton has grown and prospered it has remained a family-owned and -oper-ated business throughout its history. J.H. Gipson’s two sons, Jim Jr. and Gordon, grew up working in the factory alongside their father. When J.H. Gipson passed away in 1965, Jim, Jr., became company president while his brother, Gordon, became vice presi-dent. In 1991, Gordon was named presi-dent and Jim, Jr.’s son David became vice president. Currently, the company is led by the fifth generation of Gipsons, with Jim, Jr.’s grandson Scott Gipson running day-to-day operations. Caxton continues to focus on the core services on which the company has built its reputation. The company of-fers custom printing solutions for a va-riety of needs for each client. Printing services include promotional mate-rials, brochures, calendars, booklets, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:03 Feb 07, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S29NO8.REC S29NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7237 November 29, 2018 
and newsletters, as well as more niche options for customers’ specific re-quests. Caxton believes that printing is only one part of a finished product and works with customers throughout the process to deliver the highest quality product possible. Caxton Printers is also known for its generous support of several Idaho char-ities and nonprofits, such as the Caldwell Foundation for Educational Opportunity, Buy Idaho, and the Uni-versity of Idaho Vandal Scholarship Fund. Several of Caxton’s employees also serve on the boards of various charitable organizations including the Caldwell Chamber of Commerce, the Caldwell Economic Development Coun-cil, and the College of Idaho. Caxton Printers’ rich history, commitment to education and literature, and support for local philanthropic causes exem-plify our Idahoan values. I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to the Gipson family and all Caxton employees for being named the Small Business of the Month for November 2018. I wish you the best of luck, and I look forward to watching your contin-ued growth and success.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING PHILIP H. HOFF ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, Philip H. Hoff, who passed away on April 26, 2018, was one of the great Governors of the State of Vermont and someone I re-spected enormously. On May 12, 2018, at a memorial service in Burlington, VT, a close friend and colleague of Gov-ernor Hoff’s, Rich Cassidy, delivered a very moving eulogy which I enclose. The material follows: 
A TRIBUTE TO PHILIP HENDERSON HOFF Theodore Roosevelt said: ‘‘It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no ef-fort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devo-tions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the tri-umph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.’’ Philip Henderson Hoff did not shy away from the arena. He confronted the issues of the day, and often, the issues of the future. He played high school football and tasted victory, scoring the winning touchdown in the longstanding rivalry between his home-town, Turners Falls, and arch-enemy Green-field. He went to Williams College, but left early to do his bit in World War II. He signed up for training as a pilot, but after he dam-aged his third trainer, the Navy persuaded him that it was not to be. So, he volunteered for the submarine service. He met Joan while he was training in Con-necticut. On one date, he took a red kerosene lantern from a construction site and gave it to her as a gift. Phil saw combat in the Pacific Theater aboard the USS Sea Dog, a submarine, where he earned two battle stars. After the war, Phil returned to Williams College. Joan heard that he was back and had asked about her, so she boxed up the red lantern and sent it to him with a note: ‘‘Phil, it’s your turn to polish it for a while.’’ The lantern rekindled their romance and led on to almost 70 years of marriage. Phil finished at Williams and went to Cor-nell University Law School. In 1951, Phil accepted an invitation from another Cornell graduate, J. Boone Wilson, to come to Burlington, and join the re-spected law firm then known as Black and Wilson. Phil developed a successful law practice with Boone. He was good with a jury and had the largest jury verdict in a personal injury case of the 1950s. Phil and Joan settled in a lovely home on South Prospect Street, where they raised their 4 daughters, Susan, Dagny, Andrea, and Gretchen. Phil is often given credit for making the Democratic Party dominant in Vermont, and for ushering Vermont into the American mainstream. He deserves a great deal of credit on both counts, but even he would not claim it all. Politics and government are team sports, and Phil would be the first to acknowledge that what was accomplished was not his alone, not by any means. But to see how broad and deep his legacy is, it is important to put it in context. Vermont in those days was a sleepy state. Most Governors acted as caretakers. The real political power in the state rested with the towns. Vermont had more dairy cows than people. And the Democratic Party was sleepier still. A Democrat had only held the Gover-norship only once in history. For many years a handful of Democratic cronies traded the nominations for statewide offices, not in hopes of getting elected, but to have a stake in distribution of political patronage from Washington. How sleepy was it? In the 1946 election, Vermont’s Democratic National Committee-man was asked who the party’s candidate for Governor was. Unable to remember, he re-plied ‘‘Oh, some fellow from up north.’’ ‘‘But we don’t concede his defeat.’’ Change was in the wind. In 1950’s two of Phil’s friends, Bob Larrow and Bernard Leddy, ran between them, three serious cam-paigns for Governor. Leddy came within 719 votes of victory. In 1959, the Party hired its first full time executive director, Sam Mil-ler, who is with us here today. We were poised for victory. Phil ran for Burlington Board of Alderman in the winter of 1960. He lost, but politics was in his blood. That fall he was elected to the Vermont House of Representatives. In the House, Phil helped bring together a group of young, well-educated and energetic legislators, Democrats and Republicans, who wanted to see government take a more ac-tive role in the development of the state. Its members included many who would play im-portant roles in the days ahead. Together, among other things, they set out to end the poll tax. At the time they failed. But they started a political revolution that has not ended yet. In 1962, Phil and Joan ran an energetic and charismatic campaign against the incum-bent Governor. The Hoffs were everywhere, even at my mother’s door in Rutland. With the help of about 5,000 votes on two inde-pendent party lines, Hoff prevailed. Phil told the crowd in Winooski that night: ‘‘100 years of bondage broken.’’ Winning is one thing; governing is another. Phil found that state government could nei-ther forecast expenses nor revenue. Within weeks, he appointed a series of task forces made up of legislators, officials and citizens, who reviewed the state’s problems and inven-toried its needs. By the beginning of the 1964 legislative ses-sion, Hoff came forward with a substantial legislative program. The accomplishments of his six years as Governor changed the face of Vermont: Hoff opened state government’s first planning of-fice, ended the Overseer of the Poor system of administering welfare benefits, and found-ed the Vermont District Court, and the Judi-cial Nominating Commission. He established the Governor’s Commission on Women, the Vermont Council on the Arts, and the Vermont Student Assistance Corporation. He promoted regionalization in the delivery of government services, establishing regional airport and library systems. He presided over the reapportionment of the Vermont legisla-ture to comply with the principle of one man, one vote. And as important as those accomplish-ments were, the issues he took on dominated the political agenda for the rest of century and on to today. Phil took on the cause of racial justice in Vermont. As freshman legislator he proposed prohibiting race discrimination in employ-ment. The bill failed, but after his election as Governor, his bill was adopted and in-cluded a prohibition against discrimination based on sex. He established the Vermont Human Rights Commission with jurisdiction to prohibit discrimination in housing and public accommodations. And then, in the aftermath of the assas-sination of Martin Luther King, Jr.—with more than 100 American cities still smoking from riots that followed—Phil worked with New York City Mayor John Lindsay to form the New York/Vermont Summer Youth Project, bringing hundreds of African-Amer-ican and Hispanic high school students from New York City together with Vermont high school students to build understanding by working together on educational and rec-reational programs. When an African-American minister’s home in Irasburg was raked with shotgun fire—night rider style—some tried to blame the victim. Phil insisted on a fair investiga-tion even in the face of stern opposition. Phil fought to import and sell public hy-droelectric power from Quebec. His plans were frustrated by the big power companies, who claimed that electricity from Vermont Yankee would be ‘‘too cheap to meter.’’ He sought to equalize the burden of the cost of public education and to bring effi-ciency to it through regionalization. Phil had been befriended by President Lyn-don Baines Johnson. In 1967, Johnson sent him to Vietnam to get a firsthand look at the ‘‘light at the end of the tunnel.’’ But Phil knew an oncoming train when he saw one and was the first Democratic governor in the nation to split with Johnson over the Viet-nam War. Phil endorsed the antiwar candidacy of Bobby Kennedy and became an important spokesperson for him. After Kennedy’s assas-sination, Phil laid aside his grief, and sup-ported the campaign of Gene McCarthy. At the convention, Hubert Humphrey seriously considered offering Phil the vice-presidential spot on his ticket before settling on Phil’s friend, Ed Muskie. In 1970, Hoff challenged incumbent Senator Winston L. Prouty for a seat in the United States Senate. The war, gun control, and ra-cial justice were dominant themes of the campaign. Although Phil mounted a vig-orous effort, Prouty was reelected. In the 1970s, Phil practiced law and in 1972 and 1973, served as chair of the Vermont Democratic Party. But most importantly, he took on his own personal demon, alcohol. He won the that battle but lived ever after with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.063 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7238 November 29, 2018 
an understanding and sympathy for the vic-tims of addiction. In 1982, Hoff returned to elective politics, winning a seat in the Vermont Senate and serving three terms. In the Senate, he was instrumental in revitalizing the Vermont Human Rights Commission and promoting prevention of social and health problems. Hoff remained steadfastly committed to the cause of racial justice, serving for many years on the Vermont Advisory Commission to the United States Civil Rights Commis-sion. Phil’s efforts in the world of politics over-shadow his contributions to the practice of law. But they are not to be forgotten. In the early 1980s, he chaired a blue-ribbon commis-sion that reorganized the Vermont Bar Ex-amination and established the first manda-tory continuing education requirement for Vermont lawyers. For many years he chaired the Vermont Judicial Nominating Commis-sion. As a trustee at Vermont Law School from 1983 to 1999, and as its President from 1990 to 1995, he helped lead the school’s con-tinuous growth in clinical and experiential education, in building a strong faculty, and in adding a new library and classroom build-ings. Phil inspired and supported scores of young people to become involved in the po-litical process. And he supported the polit-ical campaigns of virtually every successful Democrat candidate since 1962. Most nota-bly, in May 1966, he called a young lawyer in his law firm and told him to meet him at the Chittenden Courthouse the next day. The young lawyer was Patrick J. Leahy, and Phil swore him in as Chittenden County States Attorney. The senator still claims it’s the best job he’s ever had! Phil was the first mainstream politician to endorse Bernie Sanders during his historic independent run for congress in 1990. With his friend and former state police driver, Representative Michael Vinton, Phil was an early supporter of the adoption of civil unions and same-sex marriage. I think Phil’s attitude towards public life was summed up by his answer to a question that his grandson, Nathaniel, asked him: ‘‘Why is it that people won’t stand up for the things they really believe in anymore?’’ Phil told Nathaniel. ‘‘There’s been a tend-ency for people who are in office to simply be involved with re-election as opposed to what they really should do. If you’re only inter-ested in holding the office, what’s the sake of holding the office? It seems to me you ought to stand for what you believe. You may lose, but in the overall thrust of history, you will make a difference.’’ Phil Hoff made a difference. He tasted vic-tory and defeat. If you’re looking for his leg-acy you don’t have to look far. The state we live in today reflects the courage with which he grappled with the issues. The death of Philip Henderson Hoff came as no surprise to those of us who loved him He had certainly lived a long and full life. Still, we grieve. I am reminded of Robert Kennedy speaking on the night of the death of Martin Luther King Jr. Kennedy quoted his favorite poet, Aeschylus. He said: ‘‘He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain, which cannot forget, falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God. I finish, as Bobby Kennedy finished later that evening, and in the spirit of the life of Philip Hoff: ‘‘Let us dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world.’’ R
ICHARD CASSIDY .∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:17 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6032. An act to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the state of the inter-net-connected devices industry in the United States. H.R. 6753. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a public-private partnership for purposes of identifying health care waste, fraud, and abuse. H.R. 7164. An act to add Ireland to the E– 3 nonimmigrant visa program. 
The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Service Act to im-prove essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved indi-viduals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:49 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 440. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. S. 1768. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for purposes. S. 2074. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses. S. 3389. An act to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. H.R. 1074. An act to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’. H.R. 2422. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other under-served individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. H.R. 5317. An act to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibi-tion on certain alcohol manufacturing on In-dian lands. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 7:19 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 7187. An act to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until December 7, 2018. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 6032. An act to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the state of the inter-net-connected devices industry in the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 6753. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a public-private partnership for purposes of identifying health care waste, fraud, and abuse; to the Committee on Finance. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, November 29, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 440. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. S. 1768. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for purposes. S. 2074. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses. S. 3389. An act to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7284. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants’’ (RIN3038–AE71) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 27, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7285. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal years 2015–2017 Operation and Maintenance (O&M) Navy funds and was as-signed case number 17–01; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–7286. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.029 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7239 November 29, 2018 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Iden-tity Management’’ (RIN0790–AJ36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7287. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7288. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to United States citizens detained in Iran and efforts to se-cure their release; to the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; Fi-nance; and Foreign Relations. EC–7289. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Manufactured Home Procedural and Enforcement Regulations; Clarifying the Exemption for Manufacture of Recreational Vehicles’’ (RIN2502–AJ33) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7290. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standards for Business Practices of Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines; Final Rule’’ ((RIN1902–AF54) (Docket No. RM96–1–041)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 28, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7291. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; California; South Coast Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9986–9–Region 9) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 27, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7292. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress: Evaluation of the Independence at Home Demonstration’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7293. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hurricane Michael Leave-Based Donation Programs’’ (Notice 2018–89) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7294. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rev. Proc. on Sec-tion 471 Costs/Negative Additional Section 263A Costs’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7295. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Tran-sition Relief Under Rev. Rul. 2018–17 on Withholding and Reporting with Respect to Payments from IRAs to State Unclaimed Property Funds’’ (Notice 2018–90) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7296. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moral Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventative Services Under the Affordable Care Act’’ (RIN1545–BN91) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 26, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7297. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Religious Exemp-tions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventative Services Under the Af-fordable Care Act’’ (RIN1545–BN92) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7298. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7299. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7300. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Secretary, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7301. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the cost of response and re-covery efforts for FEMA–3399-EM in the State of Hawaii having exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency dec-laration; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7302. A communication from the Direc-tor, National Science Foundation, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Foundation’s fiscal year 2018 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7303. A communication from the Direc-tor of the National Gallery of Art, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Gallery’s compliance with the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7304. A communication from the Treas-urer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Gallery’s Performance and Accountability Report for the year ended September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7305. A communication from the Vice Chairman, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7306. A communication from the Staff Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7307. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the De-partment’s Agency Financial Report for fis-cal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7308. A communication from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7309. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Test Procedures and Labeling Standards for Recycled Oil’’ (RIN3084–AB48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7310. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XG509) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7311. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘‘Other Rockfish’ in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XG510) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7312. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reopen-ing of Federal Waters off Georgia to Penaeid Shrimp Fishing’’ (RIN0648–XG231) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7313. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Closure of the Northern Gulf of Maine Scal-lop Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XG202) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7314. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Dusty Rockfish in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG505) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7315. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.030 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7240 November 29, 2018 
‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG504) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7316. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Hook-and-Line Catcher/Processors in the Western Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XG501) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7317. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Proc-essors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XG398) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7318. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XG508) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7319. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 620 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG529) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7320. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG528) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7321. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG225) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7322. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Jig Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG285) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7323. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Greenland Turbot in the Aleutian Islands Management Area of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XG193) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7324. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XG492) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7325. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Commer-cial Aggregated Large Costal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Management Group Re-tention Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XG181) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7326. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial and Rec-reational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Action 1’’ (RIN0648–XG222) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7327. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Inseason General Category Retention Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XG216) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7328. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Gulf of Maine Cod Trimester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XG175) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 28, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7329. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Closure of the Closed Area 1 Scallop Access Area for the Limited Access’’ (RIN0648– XG267) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7330. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Closure of the An-gling Category Gulf of Mexico Trophy Fish-ery’’ (RIN0648–XG237) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7331. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial Harvest Closure for Yellowtail Snapper in the South Atlantic’’ (RIN0648– XG253) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7332. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial King Mackerel Gulf of Mexico Western Zone Closure’’ (RIN0648–XG523) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 3277. A bill to reduce regulatory burdens and streamline processes related to commer-cial space activities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–397). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: H.R. 2606. A bill to amend the Act of Au-gust 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–398). H.R. 4032. A bill to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–399). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 3119. A bill to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tribu-taries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species (Rept. No. 115–400). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 664. A bill to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–401). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 90. A bill to survey the gradient bound-ary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: H.R. 315. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of mater-nity care health services. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 562. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribu-tion to United States and international secu-rity, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 941. A bill to withdraw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.032 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7241 November 29, 2018 
area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park County, Montana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1219. A bill to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Lou-isiana, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1787. A bill to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: H.R. 1872. To promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journal-ists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: H.R. 2075. To adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire preven-tion and response activities to protect pri-vate property, and for other purposes. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2076. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of ac-tivities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Pro-gram, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2249. A bill to permanently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Management Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Management Pro-gram. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 2646. A bill to reauthorize the United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, and for other purposes. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: S. 3482. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 3657. A bill to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: H.R. 4819. A bill to promote inclusive eco-nomic growth through conservation and bio-diversity programs that facilitate trans-boundary cooperation, improve natural re-source management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa. H.R. 4989. A bill to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location-tracking consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facili-ties, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: H.R. 5655. A bill to establish the Camp Nel-son Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *John P. Pallasch, of Kentucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor. *Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation for a term of five years. *Erhard R. Chorle, of Illinois, to be a Mem-ber of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term expiring August 28, 2022. *Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be Assist-ant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, Department of Education. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3675. A bill to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has ade-quate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3676. A bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to provide Federal fi-nancial assistance to States to implement State energy security plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3677. A bill to provide for certain pro-grams and developments in the Department of Energy concerning the cybersecurity and vulnerabilities of, and physical threats to, the electric grid, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 3678. A bill to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 3679. A bill to ensure that older adults and individuals with disabilities are prepared for disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. 3680. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish ref-erences prices for prescription drugs for pur-poses of Federal health programs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. CORNYN ): S. 3681. A bill to amend the Animal Health Protection Act to establish an Animal Dis-ease and Disaster Prevention, Surveillance, and Rapid Response Program and a National Livestock Vaccine Bank, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3682. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to recognize the exposure-reducing nature of client margin for cleared derivatives; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASEY: S. 3683. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the accessibility of websites of the Department of Veterans Affairs to individuals with dis-abilities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3684. A bill to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 3685. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to permit nurses to practice in health care fa-cilities with critical shortages of nurses through programs for loan repayment and scholarships for nurses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN: S. 3686. A bill to promote minimum State requirements for the prevention and treat-ment of concussions caused by participation in school sports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 3687. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage for custom fabricated breast prostheses fol-lowing a mastectomy; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3688. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make it a criminal offense for individuals to engage in sexual acts while acting under color of law or with individuals in their custody, to encourage States to adopt similar laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 3689. A bill to amend chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, to address reorga-nization of small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 3690. A bill to designate the outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Tay-lor Vet Center Outstation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 3691. A bill to modernize the National Air Toxics Assessment, the Integrated Risk Information System, and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3692. A bill to amend part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3693. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the treat-ment of certain cancer hospitals; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.022 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7242 November 29, 2018 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3694. A bill to designate the Manhattan Campus of the New York Harbor Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as the ‘‘Margaret Cochran Corbin Cam-pus of the New York Harbor Health Care Sys-tem’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 3695. A bill to promote international ex-changes on best election practices, cultivate more secure democratic institutions around the world, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. R UBIO): S. 3696. A bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 3697. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain post graduation scholarship grants from gross in-come in the same manner as qualified schol-arships to promote economic growth; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. PAUL: S.J. Res. 66. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of Qatar of certain defense arti-cles and services; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. PAUL: S.J. Res. 67. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of Egypt of certain defense arti-cles and services; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. PAUL: S.J. Res. 68. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of Egypt of certain defense arti-cles and services; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. R OBERTS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. R
EED): S. Res. 711. A resolution designating No-vember 2018 as ‘‘National Runaway Preven-tion Month’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 712. A resolution authorizing the use of official office funds to purchase the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. Con. Res. 53. A concurrent resolution honoring the 75th anniversary of the All- American Girls Professional Baseball League; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Con. Res. 54. A concurrent resolution au-thorizing the printing of the 26th edition of the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 8 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 8, a bill to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to address insufficient compensation of employees and other personnel of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, and for other purposes. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per- country numerical limitation for em-ployment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 802, a bill to award a Con-gressional Gold Medal in honor of Law-rence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recogni-tion of his achievements and contribu-tions to American major league ath-letics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. At the request of Mr. B
ROWN , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, supra. 
S. 998 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 998, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identi-fiable information, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1713 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1713, a bill to require certain fi-nancial assistance under the State en-ergy program and the Weatherization Assistance Program to be distributed without undue delay to support State and local high-impact energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Re-habilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Dem-onstration Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.027 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7243 November 29, 2018 
S. 2459 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2459, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for current year inclusion of net CFC tested income, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2572 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2572, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to pre-vent bullying and harassment of stu-dents. 
S. 2821 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2821, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as ra-diation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connec-tion of certain disabilities by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2918 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2918, a bill to amend the Reli-gious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to protect civil rights and otherwise prevent meaningful harm to third par-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 3130 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3130, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assist-ance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs unless the educational institution providing the course per-mits individuals to attend or partici-pate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 3247 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3247, a bill to improve pro-grams and activities relating to wom-en’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and for other purposes. 
S. 3447 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3447, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide information about whether edu-cational institutions allow individuals to stay enrolled in courses of education pending receipt of educational assist-ance from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3638 
At the request of Mr. K YL, the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-TON) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3638, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on estates, gifts, and generation-skipping transfers. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon re-lease from prison, and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 562 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 562, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international secu-rity, 50 years after it opened for signa-ture on July 1, 1968. 
S. RES. 708 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 708, a resolution expressing the need for bold climate action in re-sponse to the release of the United Na-tions report entitled ‘‘Global Warming of 1.5 C, an IPCC special report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5 C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse gas emission path-ways, in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of cli-mate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate poverty’’ and the Fourth National Climate Assess-ment report entitled ‘‘Volume II: Im-pacts, Risks, and Adaptation in the United States’’ by the United States Global Change Research Program. 
S. RES. 709 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Sen-ator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Sen-ator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Sen-ator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 709, a resolution condemning Russia’s provocative ac-tions in the Kerch Strait against the Ukrainian navy. STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN: S. 3686. A bill to promote minimum State requirements for the prevention and treatment of concussions caused by participation in school sports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, when we encourage our students to be active and play school sports, it’s because we want to promote healthy habits and team-building skills. Yet every year, more than 140,000 student athletes sus-tain a concussion—and that’s just the reported count. We can be sure that many more go unreported and un-treated. The benefits of competing in school sports are undermined if students are staying out on the field after an in-jury—especially concussions. And there is more evidence than ever about the detrimental long term effects of con-cussions. That’s why I’m reintroducing the Protecting Student Athletes from Con-cussions Act. My bill would direct States to develop concussion safety plans for public schools that include a concussion safety awareness compo-nent. Certain States like Illinois al-ready have such procedures in place, but it’s high time we make this true for all States. By equipping our schools and communities with evidence-based guidance for responding to concussions; we can keep our students, and their fu-tures safe. The bill would also require States to adopt a ‘‘when in doubt, sit it out’’ pol-icy. If there is even the possibility that a student athlete has suffered a concus-sion, their health and safety ought to be the number one priority. That means, if an athlete is suspected of having sustained a concussion, they should sit out and not be allowed to re-turn to play the same day and, after that, only once evaluated and cleared by a qualified health care professional. Unfortunately, many student ath-letes return to play prematurely—to the detriment of both their health and academic performance. Let’s be clear: a concussion is a trau-matic brain injury that affects brain function. It is, by no means, something we can simply shake or walk off. The still-developing brains of students make them more susceptible to injury, making concussions all the more dan-gerous. A ‘‘when in doubt, sit it out’’ policy, endorsed by the American College of Sports Medicine and the American Academy of Neurology, will take the decision to return to the game out of the hands of a coach or an injured ath-lete who may not want to look ‘‘weak’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:22 Feb 11, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S29NO8.REC S29NO8ejoyner on DSK30MW082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7244 November 29, 2018 
to their teammates. It will prevent stu-dents from experiencing successive in-juries by staying in the game when they are not fit. It will give injured athletes the time to heal to help ensure that short term symptoms do not be-come long term effects. For school sports to be a safe option, we have to put the necessary, common- sense procedures for preventing, de-tecting, responding to, and treating concussions in place. This bill would help do that. It’s why my bill is endorsed by the American College of Sports Medicine, the American Academy of Neurology, the National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation, the National Football League, the National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball, the National Hockey League, the National Parent Teacher Association, the National As-sociation of Secondary School Prin-cipals, the Sports & Fitness Industry Association, the Korey Stringer Insti-tute, and Safe Kids World Wide. I hope my colleagues will join me in this common-sense, evidence-based ap-proach to protecting student athletes. Thank you. 
S. 3686 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Student Athletes from Concussions Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. MINIMUM STATE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) and does not meet the re-quirements described in this section, as of the date of enactment of this Act, shall, not later than the last day of the fifth full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘compliance deadline’’), enact legislation or issue regula-tions establishing the following minimum requirements: (1) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY CONCUSSION  
SAFETY AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—Each local educational agency in the State, in consulta-tion with members of the community in which such agency is located, shall develop and implement a standard plan for concus-sion safety and management that— (A) educates students, parents, and school personnel about concussions, through activi-ties such as— (i) training school personnel, including coaches, teachers, athletic trainers, related services personnel, and school nurses, on concussion safety and management, includ-ing training on the prevention, recognition, and academic consequences of concussions and response to concussions; and (ii) using, maintaining, and disseminating to students and parents— (I) release forms and other appropriate forms for reporting and record keeping; (II) treatment plans; and (III) prevention and post-injury observa-tion and monitoring fact sheets about con-cussion; (B) encourages supports, where feasible, for a student recovering from a concussion (re-gardless of whether or not the concussion oc-curred during school-sponsored activities, during school hours, on school property, or during an athletic activity), such as— (i) guiding the student in resuming partici-pation in athletic activity and academic ac-tivities with the help of a multi-disciplinary concussion management team, which may include— (I) a health care professional, the parents of such student, a school nurse, relevant re-lated services personnel, and other relevant school personnel; and (II) an individual who is assigned by a pub-lic school to oversee and manage the recov-ery of such student; and (ii) providing appropriate academic accom-modations aimed at progressively reintro-ducing cognitive demands on the student; and (C) encourages the use of best practices de-signed to ensure, with respect to concus-sions, the uniformity of safety standards, treatment, and management, such as— (i) disseminating information on concus-sion safety and management to the public; and (ii) applying uniform best practice stand-ards for concussion safety and management to all students enrolled in public schools. (2) POSTING OF INFORMATION ON CONCUS -
SIONS .—Each public elementary school and each public secondary school shall post on school grounds, in a manner that is visible to students and school personnel, and make publicly available on the school website, in-formation on concussions that— (A) is based on peer-reviewed scientific evi-dence (such as information made available by the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention); (B) shall include information on— (i) the risks posed by sustaining a concus-sion; (ii) the actions a student should take in re-sponse to sustaining a concussion, including the notification of school personnel; and (iii) the signs and symptoms of a concus-sion; and (C) may include information on— (i) the definition of a concussion; (ii) the means available to the student to reduce the incidence or recurrence of a con-cussion; and (iii) the effects of a concussion on aca-demic learning and performance. (3) R
ESPONSE TO CONCUSSION .—If an indi-vidual designated from among school per-sonnel for purposes of this Act, one of whom must be in attendance at every school-spon-sored activity, suspects that a student has sustained a concussion (regardless of wheth-er or not the concussion occurred during school-sponsored activities, during school hours, on school property, or during an ath-letic activity)— (A) the student shall be— (i) immediately removed from participa-tion in a school-sponsored athletic activity; and (ii) prohibited from returning to partici-pate in a school-sponsored athletic activity on the day that student is removed from such participation; and (B) the designated individual shall report to the parent or guardian of such student— (i) any information that the designated school employee is aware of regarding the date, time, and type of the injury suffered by such student (regardless of where, when, or how a concussion may have occurred); and (ii) any actions taken to treat such stu-dent. (4) R
ETURN TO ATHLETICS .—If a student has sustained a concussion (regardless of wheth-er or not the concussion occurred during school-sponsored activities, during school hours, on school property, or during an ath-letic activity), before such student resumes participation in school-sponsored athletic activities, the school shall receive a written release from a health care professional, that— (A) states that the student is capable of re-suming participation in such activities; and (B) may require the student to follow a plan designed to aid the student in recov-ering and resuming participation in such ac-tivities in a manner that— (i) is coordinated, as appropriate, with pe-riods of cognitive and physical rest while symptoms of a concussion persist; and (ii) reintroduces cognitive and physical de-mands on such student on a progressive basis only as such increases in exertion do not cause the reemergence or worsening of symp-toms of a concussion. (b) NONCOMPLIANCE .— (1) F
IRST YEAR .—If a State described in subsection (a) fails to comply with sub-section (a) by the compliance deadline, the Secretary of Education shall reduce by 5 per-cent the amount of funds the State receives under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) for the first fiscal year following the compliance deadline. (2) S
UCCEEDING YEARS .—If the State fails to so comply by the last day of any fiscal year following the compliance deadline, the Sec-retary of Education shall reduce by 10 per-cent the amount of funds the State receives under that Act for the following fiscal year. (3) N
OTIFICATION OF NONCOMPLIANCE .—Prior to reducing any funds that a State receives under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) in accordance with this subsection, the Sec-retary of Education shall provide a written notification of the intended reduction of funds to the State and to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect civil or criminal liability under Fed-eral or State law. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
ONCUSSION .—The term ‘‘concussion’’ means a type of mild traumatic brain injury that— (A) is caused by a blow, jolt, or motion to the head or body that causes the brain to move rapidly in the skull; (B) disrupts normal brain functioning and alters the mental state of the individual, causing the individual to experience— (i) any period of observed or self-reported— (I) transient confusion, disorientation, or impaired consciousness; (II) dysfunction of memory around the time of injury; or (III) loss of consciousness lasting less than 30 minutes; or (ii) any 1 of 4 types of symptoms, includ-ing— (I) physical symptoms, such as headache, fatigue, or dizziness; (II) cognitive symptoms, such as memory disturbance or slowed thinking; (III) emotional symptoms, such as irrita-bility or sadness; or (IV) difficulty sleeping; and (C) can occur— (i) with or without the loss of conscious-ness; and (ii) during participation in any organized sport or recreational activity. (2) H
EALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘‘health care professional’’— (A) means an individual who has been trained in diagnosis and management of traumatic brain injury in a pediatric popu-lation; and (B) includes a physician (M.D. or D.O.) or certified athletic trainer who is registered, licensed, certified, or otherwise statutorily recognized by the State to provide such diag-nosis and management. (3) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; STATE .— The terms ‘‘local educational agency’’ and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.041 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7245 November 29, 2018 
‘‘State’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (4) R
ELATED SERVICES PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘related services personnel’’ means in-dividuals who provide related services, as de-fined under section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401). (5) S
CHOOL -SPONSORED ATHLETIC ACTIVITY .— The term ‘‘school-sponsored athletic activ-ity’’ means— (A) any physical education class or pro-gram of a school; (B) any athletic activity authorized during the school day on school grounds that is not an instructional activity; (C) any extra-curricular sports team, club, or league organized by a school on or off school grounds; and (D) any recess activity. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 711—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL RUNAWAY PREVENTION MONTH’’ Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. R OBERTS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. R
EED) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 711 Whereas results from the Voices of Youth Count national survey, as published by Chapin Hall at the University of Chicago in ‘‘Missed Opportunities: Youth Homelessness in America’’, indicates that an estimated 4,200,000 youth and young adults between 13 and 24 years of age experienced homelessness during a 12-month period ending in 2017, in-cluding— (1) an estimated 700,000 children between 13 and 17 years of age who experienced unac-companied homelessness; and (2) an estimated 3,500,000 young adults be-tween 18 and 24 years of age; Whereas the rates of youth experiencing homelessness are similar in rural and nonrural areas; Whereas runaway youth often have been expelled from their homes by their families, have experienced abuse and trauma, are in-volved in the foster care system, are too poor to secure their own basic needs, and may be ineligible or unable to access medical or mental health resources; Whereas runaway and homeless youth are at an increased risk for exploitation and be-coming victims of sex and labor trafficking, and between 19 percent and 49 percent of young people who experience homelessness will become victims of trafficking; Whereas youth who run away from home or from foster care are more likely to be co-erced into participating in criminal activity, joining a gang, or using illegal drugs, which lead to a higher likelihood of involvement in the criminal justice system; Whereas preventing youth from running away from home or from foster care and sup-porting youth in high-risk situations is a family, community, and national responsi-bility; Whereas the future well-being of the Na-tion is dependent on the value placed on youth and the opportunities provided for youth to acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to help youth successfully develop into safe, healthy, and productive adults; Whereas effective programs supporting runaway youth and assisting youth and their families in providing safe and stable homes succeed because of partnerships created among families, youth-based advocacy orga-nizations, community-based human service agencies, law enforcement, schools, faith- based organizations, and businesses; and Whereas the National Runaway Safeline and the National Network for Youth are leading the promotion of National Runaway Prevention Month in November 2018— (1) to raise awareness of the runaway and homeless youth crisis and the issues these young people face; and (2) to educate the public about solutions and the role they can play in ending youth homelessness: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 2018 as ‘‘National Runaway Prevention Month’’; and (2) recognizes and supports the goals and ideals of National Runaway Prevention Month. f SENATE RESOLUTION 712—AU-THORIZING THE USE OF OFFI-CIAL OFFICE FUNDS TO PUR-CHASE THE POCKET VERSION OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 712 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. POCKET VERSION OF THE CONSTITU-TION OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2(3) of Senate Resolution 294 (96th Congress), agreed to April 29, 1980, is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘and copies’’ and inserting ‘‘copies’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, and copies of the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States published by the Government Pub-lishing Office’’ after ‘‘Historical Society’’. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 53—HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ALL- AMERICAN GIRLS PROFESSIONAL BASEBALL LEAGUE Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. C ON. RES. 53 Whereas the manpower demands of World War II forced many minor league baseball teams to disband as players were drafted, re-sulting in a dearth of minor league teams by late 1942; Whereas, in late 1942, the Federal Govern-ment warned major league baseball teams that increased manpower mobilization could result in cancellation of the 1943 baseball season, which threatened to shutter Major League Baseball parks across the country; Whereas the All-American Girls Profes-sional Baseball League (AAGPBL) was estab-lished, and spring training for the League started on May 17, 1943, to address the short-age of baseball players; Whereas, from 1943 to 1954, the League pro-vided more than 600 women the chance to play professional baseball, an opportunity never before afforded to female athletes in the United States; Whereas Penny Marshall’s film, ‘‘A League of Their Own,’’ familiarized millions of peo-ple in the United States with the history of the League; and Whereas at least 29 women from the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts played in the League, including Noella Leduc Alverson, Rita Briggs, Patricia Brown, Jean Buckley, Cynthia Esposito Normine Capritta, Joan Tysver Chiancola, Clara Chiano, Patricia Courtney, Mary Dailey, Alice DeCambra, Madeline English, Annie Gosbee, Dorothy Green, Josephine Hasham, Lillian DeCambra Kelley, Marie Mansfield Kelley, Helen Ketola LaCamera, Rhoda Leonard Linehan, Marie Eileen Albright Lockhart, Georgette Vincent Mooney, Helen Nordquist, Beatrice Arbour Parrott, Katherine Pechulis, Lucille Stone Richards, Grace Rogato, Mary Sheehan, Bar-bara Parks Young, Sue Parsons Zipay, and Mary Pratt of Quincy, who is celebrating her 100th birthday this year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress hon-ors the 75th anniversary of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 54—AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF THE 26TH EDITION OF THE POCKET VERSION OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 54 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. POCKET VERSION OF THE CONSTITU-TION OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The 26th edition of the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States shall be printed as a Senate document under the direction of the Joint Committee on Printing. (b) A
DDITIONAL COPIES .—In addition to the usual number, there shall be printed the less-er of— (1) 480,500 copies of the document, of which 255,500 copies shall be for the use of the House of Representatives, 200,000 copies shall be for the use of the Senate, and 25,000 copies shall be for the use of the Joint Committee on Printing; or (2) such number of copies of the document as does not exceed a total production and printing cost of $226,250, with distribution to be allocated in the same proportion as de-scribed in paragraph (1), except that in no case shall the number of copies be less than 1 per Member of Congress. (c) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The copies of the docu-ment printed for the use of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate under subsection (a) shall be distributed in accordance with— (1) a distribution plan approved by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives, in the case of the copies printed for the use of the House of Representatives; and (2) a distribution plan approved by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, in the case of the copies printed for the use of the Senate. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4067. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.034 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7246 November 29, 2018 
bill H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in developing countries and update foreign pol-icy toward the Internet, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4067. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in developing countries and update foreign policy toward the Internet, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 5. COST LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the provisions of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: Thomas McCaffery, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and William Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Administrator, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion, Department of Energy. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting Money Laundering and other forms of illicit finance: Regu-lator and Law Enforcement perspec-tives on Reform.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Fight to End Modern Slav-ery.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing on the nomina-tion of Erhard R. Chorle, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Railroad Retire-ment Board, Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be As-sistant Secretary of Education for Postsecondary Education, and John P. Pallasch, of Kentucky, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Labor. SUBCOMMITTEE ON ENERGY  
The Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my defense fellow, Amy Williams; my Coast Guard fellow, Thomas Mansour; and my State Department fellow, Mary Eileen Earl, be granted floor privileges for the re-mainder of the Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXTENDING THE NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM TO DE-CEMBER 7, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 7187. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 7187) to extend the National Flood Insurance Program to December 7, 2018. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. KENNEDY. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. KENNEDY. I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 7187) was passed. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM EXTENSION ACT Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 3628 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3628) to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. KENNEDY. I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 3628) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 3628 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Novem-ber 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (c) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—If this Act is enacted after November 30, 2018, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect as if enacted on November 30, 2018. 
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask unanimous con-sent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER THE DISAPPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 309, S. Res. 92. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 92) expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being no objection, the Senate pro-ceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, David Sneddon was a 24-year-old Brigham Young University student who trag-ically vanished while traveling in the Yunnan Province of China in August of 2004. After a cursory investigation, Chi-nese officials concluded that David must have died while hiking alone through Tiger Leaping Gorge, but the officials’ story didn’t add up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.043 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7247 November 29, 2018 
For starters, David was an avid and experienced hiker, unlikely to make a mistake that would have led to his death on the trail. Over 14 years later, a body has never been found. David’s family retraced his steps and found eyewitnesses that both interacted with him on the trail and saw him in a Chi-nese city at the end of the hiking route, suggesting that he made it safe-ly through the other side of the gorge. In fact, there is much evidence to suggest that the North Korean govern-ment was responsible for David’s dis-appearance. For starters, he was traveling near the so-called Asian Underground Rail-road, a network of mostly Christian missionaries who help North Korean defectors flee to safety. North Korean agents are known to operate along the route, ruthlessly hunting down defec-tors and returning them to execution or permanent captivity on the gulag peninsula of North Korea. Second, David was last seen leaving a Korean restaurant. Korean restaurants are reportedly used as outposts for North Korean espionage and illicit en-terprise. Finally, and perhaps most tellingly, 1 month before David’s disappearance, North Korea took the rare step of re-leasing an American captive, 64-year- old Charles Jenkins. North Korea forced Jenkins to teach English to its spies at a military university during his almost 40-year captivity. After his release, the regime would have needed a substitute teacher. David Sneddon, unfortunately, would perfectly fit the bill. A highly educated Asian languages major, he spoke fluent Korean and was learning Mandarin. Subsequent intelligence from inside North Korea has strongly supported these facts. David Sneddon was taken by the North Korean regime in 2004. He likely has been held captive in that country ever since. I, along with my colleagues Senators H
ATCH , COONS , FISCHER , SASSE, RUBIO, F
LAKE , GARDNER , and S ULLIVAN have introduced a resolution expressing our grave concern about the disappearance of David Sneddon. Our resolution directs the State De-partment and intelligence community to investigate all plausible expla-nations for David’s disappearance in-cluding abduction by North Korea. Further, it encourages them to reinvig-orate diplomatic efforts and work closely with our allies in the region. Lastly, it calls upon the State De-partment and intelligence community to continue to work with and inform Congress and the Sneddon family on ef-forts to recover David and resolve his disappearance. We owe it to David, who had his whole life ahead of him before setting out to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge on that fateful day in August 2004. We owe to the Sneddon family, who have wait-ed, prayed, and tirelessly advocated for his safe recovery. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 92) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of March 23, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF NOVEMBER 19 THROUGH NOVEM-BER 23, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL FAM-ILY SERVICE LEARNING WEEK’’ Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 688. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 688) expressing sup-port for the designation of the week of No-vember 19 through November 23, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Family Service Learning Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 688) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of November 15, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONDEMNING RUSSIA’S PROVOCA-TIVE ACTIONS IN THE KERCH STRAIT AGAINST THE UKRAIN-IAN NAVY Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Foreign Relations Committee be discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 709. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 709) condemning Rus-sia’s provocative actions in the Kerch Strait against the Ukrainian navy. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 709) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of November 27, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF THE 26TH EDITION OF THE POCK-ET VERSION OF THE CONSTITU-TION OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to immediate consideration of S. Con. Res. 54. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 54) authorizing the printing of the 26th edition of the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 54) was agreed to. (The resolution, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF OFFI-CIAL OFFICE FUNDS TO PUR-CHASE THE POCKET VERSION OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to consideration of S. Res. 712, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 712) authorizing the use of official office funds to purchase the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 712) was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.035 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7248 November 29, 2018 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORITY TO SIGN DULY EN-ROLLED BILLS OR JOINT RESO-LUTIONS Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the majority leader and the senior Senator from Alaska be authorized to sign duly en-rolled bills or joint resolutions on Fri-day, November 30, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 o’clock p.m., Monday, De-cember 3; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that the Senate proceed to executive session and re-sume consideration of Executive Cal-endar No. 1153 and that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote on that nomination occur at 5:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:46 p.m., adjourned until Monday, December 3, 2018 at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DUKE Z. RICHARDSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KEVIN D. ADMIRAL COL. TIMOTHY D. BROWN COL. JOSHUA M. RUDD COL. PAUL T. STANTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TERRY R. FERRELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be brigadier general 
COL. TIMOTHY D. CONNELLY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. GERALD R. KRIMBILL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STACY M. BABCOCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. ERIC J. WESLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ANDREW P. POPPAS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. ROBERT D. SHARP 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
MOHAN S. AKELLA LAURA LYNN AMBERS CHRISTOPHER G. BATTERTON PAUL MAURICE BISHOP ERIC CARROLL BURDGE DOREEN MARIE CHEMOTTI LYN A. CLEVELAND PATRICK WILLIAM COX CHAD B. CROCKER BARRY F. DEIBERT CHARLES D. DEMARQUE WILLIAM PETER J. DESAUTELLE STEPHEN JAMES DILLON CHRISTOPHER FRANCIS DOUGHERTY JAMES F. EHRMAN DOMINIC STEPHEN FAGO ANGEL FIGUEROA SONYA LYNETTE FINCH KENNETH S. FINK DANETTE SHERRI GARCIA JEREMIAH SHI GENTRY CHRISTOPHER JOHN GERMANN CHRISTOPHER DUANE GRIES TODD M. GUAY JEREMY GUY GUENET VICTORIA T. HABAS SPENCER D. HANSEN EMILE HUGO HAWKINS, SR. CHAD MICHAEL HYNNEK CHAD ROBERT JAMES BRIAN RAYMOND JUSSEAUME CORY JAMES KESTEL BRIAN DION KILE CHARLES TIMOTHY KILLIAN MATTHEW SHINICHIRO KOMATSU SHEILA ANN LANG PAUL WAYNE LAYMON TIMOTHY JOHN LINCOLN AARON T. LINDSEY CHRISTOPHER T. LINTON JEFFERY R. LOCKE PHILLIP L. MALLORY BRIAN JOHN MARBACH WILLIAM JOSEPH MCCRINK III ERIC J. NEWMAN ELLEN R. NOBLE REID J. NOVOTNY JOHN R. OBERST WILHELMINA J. PANZER DENISE M. PRONESTI QUAID HASAN QUADRI, JR. JASON S. RABIDEAU JEFFREY MICHAEL RENGEL THOMAS CLIFFORD RUUD PAUL ANIBAL SALAS CLAYTON ARTHUR SCHAEFER MICHAEL D. SCHANER CHARLES P. SCRONCE RONALD LEON SELVIDGE, JR. CYNTHIA LEA SMITH DAVID C. SMITH MONICA NAVARRO SMITH SANDY MELISSA SMOCK JOSEPH MICHAEL STAHL BRIAN M. TENBRUNSEL ADAM B. THOMAS JAMIELYN G. THOMPSON MICHAEL W. TODD ROXANNE THERESE TOY ROBERT QUIMBY TROY JEREMIAH SANTIAGO TUCKER TODD L. WALTON JEREMY T. WHITE SHELDON BERNARD WILSON MATTHEW DAVID WOOLUMS WILLIAM E. ZUTELL III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: To be lieutenant colonel 
JENNIFER L. GURGANUS 
To be major 
APRIL H. CLEMMENSEN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RAYMOND R. ADAMS III TREVOR I. J. BARNA CHRISTOPHER B. BERHOW CHRISTOPHER A. CALLICOTT JOHN W. CAULWELL JOHN K. CHOIKE STEPHANIE R. COOPER BRADLEY M. COWAN EMILEE O. ELBERT TRAVIS W. ELMS JESSICA M. FARRELL MADELINE F. GORINI LAURA A. GRACE JESSE T. GREENE JENNIFER M. HEALY CHAD E. HIGHFILL RYAN A. HOWARD THOMAS P. HYNES ELLIOTT G. JOHNSON PETER G. JUETTEN BRIAN J. KARGUS RYAN K. KERWIN KEVIN D. KORNEGAY FRANK E. KOSTIK, JR. CHRISTOPHER A. LACOUR MICHAEL H. LAMPHIER KEVIN M. LEY DANIEL D. MAURER DANIEL L. MAZZONE ALLISON D. MCFEATTERS DAVID M. ODEA JENNIFER A. PARKER JESS R. RANKIN MICHAEL A. RIZZOTTI JESS B. ROBERTS MICHAEL E. SCHAUSS BRETT C. SHEPARD TODD W. SIMPSON WILLIAM J. STEPHENS ANDRES VAZQUEZ, JR. WENER VIEUX REBECCA D. WHITE WAYNE H. WILLIAMS MATTHEW E. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
PAUL M. FUGERE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CLARENCE K. GRAHAM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JACKSON A. KURTZMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JEREMY T. TENNENT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JONATHAN D. THOMPSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
THOMAS J. ZERR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.071 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7249 November 29, 2018 
To be captain 
SHELTON L. LYONS II IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 531: To be major 
ROBERT A. GREEN, JR. JESUS S. MENDEZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.005 S29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1571 November 29, 2018 
HONORING DR. NANCY KOTOWSKI 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Dr. Nancy Kotowski, who is retiring after serving three terms as the Monterey County Superintendent of Schools. Dr. Kotowski dedicated forty-six years to a ca-reer in education. Throughout this time, she made invaluable contributions to educational opportunities offered to students on the central coast of California. Dr. Kotowski earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Dayton, a Mas-ter’s degree from Northwestern University, and a Ph.D. from the University of Southern Cali-fornia. During this time, Dr. Kotowski also served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Cam-eroon where she was recognized as a ‘‘Volun-teer of the Year’’ for her development work in education. This experience provided the basis for a lifelong dedication to improving education systems, especially in economically disadvan-taged communities. Dr. Kotowski’s career on the Central Coast began at the Monterey County Office of Edu-cation (MCOE) in 1992. She quickly advanced to Assistant Superintendent of Educational Services, where she served with distinction for ten years, followed by another three years as Associate Superintendent of Educational Serv-ices. Her dedication and distinct talent in these positions led to her election as Monterey County Superintendent of Schools, where she began in January of 2007. She was reelected twice as voters continued recognize her true devotion to students and unique ability to en-sure that our education system serves student bodies that are diverse in culture, language, and socio-economic status. As Monterey County Superintendent, Dr. Kotowski streamlined MCOE operations, se-cured numerous grants to expand MCOE pro-grams, and implemented a new accounting system and solar power project. She worked closely with Monterey County’s twenty-four school districts, local higher education institu-tions, and directly with community members to improve the quality of education delivered to Monterey County students. Dr. Kotowski’s commitment to public service has been recog-nized by many organizations. She was hon-ored with the Champion of Education for Stu-dents of California by the California County Superintendents Association in 2010, Public Official of the Year Award by the Monterey Peninsula Chamber of Commerce in 2013, Talcott Bates Award by the Child Abuse Pre-vention Council of Monterey County in 2015, and the Summer Matters Bridge Builder Award by California Department of Education in 2016. Dr. Nancy Kotowski’s legacy of public serv-ice is impressive and has made an immeas-urably positive impact on the lives of students on the Central Coast. I am honored to recog-nize this legacy, and ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Dr. Kotowski all the best on her well-earned retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO HOLLYWOOD UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hollywood United Methodist Church in Hollywood, a unique neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, upon the twenty-fifth anni-versary of its Red Ribbons of Hope. Hollywood United Methodist Church (HUMC) was founded in 1909, when the first congregants began organizing. As the con-gregation grew, a decision was made to build a new home for the church. Designed by re-nowned architect Thomas P. Barber and based partially on the English Gothic style of London’s Westminster Hall, construction began in 1927 and in 1930, the stately church was unveiled, lauding its illustrious reign as a Hollywood landmark. In 1981, the church was declared as a Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles, and in 2015, a sec-ond campus, the Toluca Lake Campus of Hol-lywood United Methodist Church was opened. Since its inception, HUMC has provided spiritual guidance and tangible support to the Hollywood area community—working to fulfill its mission to be an inclusive, vibrant, diverse congregation that welcomes all people. This ideology is apparent in the church’s many pro-grams and ministries that include Homeless Ministry, Youth Programs and participation in mission efforts assisting those in need by re-building lives and homes in the U.S. and abroad. Perhaps the church’s most recognized min-istry however, is its compassionate hospitality to people living with HIV/AIDS. For many years, the church has offered pastoral coun-seling and supportive services referrals to per-sons and their families living with HIV/AIDS. HUMC supports outreach efforts for Project Angel Food, The NAMES Project AIDS Memo-rial Quilt, The Wall/Las Memorias and the Pe-diatric AIDS Foundation, and congregants par-ticipate in the annual AIDS Walk Los Angeles. In 1993, HUMC installed its Red Ribbons of Hope—red ribbons being the universal symbol of support and awareness for those living with HIV/AIDS—on both campuses to proclaim the church as ‘‘a sanctuary of hope and love.’’ I am proud to recognize Hollywood United Methodist Church’s on the twenty-fifth anniver-sary of its Red Ribbons of Hope, and I invite all Members to join me in honoring this mo-mentous occasion. CELEBRATING THE 25TH PAS-TORAL ANNIVERSARY IN WEST-ERN NEW YORK OF REV. DR. T. ANTHONY BRONNER AND THE 19TH CHURCH ANNIVERSARY OF ELIM CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise to acknowledge Bishop Bronner, Senior Pastor of Elim Christian Fellowship on his 25th Pastoral Anniversary in Western New York and the 19th Church Anniversary of Elim Christian Fellowship. In keeping with the theme of this celebration, ‘‘And the Journey Continues’’ we are all confident that Bishop Bronner will continue his visionary leadership in faith, his powerful sermons and his tradi-tional and progressive ministerial approaches to producing spiritual growth and development. Just as Bishop Bronner did early on when he began his pastoral experience in 1992, his crusade to reach souls in regional prayer meetings and grow the church and its min-istries continues. Bishop Bronner purposefully builds church-es. As an Undergraduate at Temple Univer-sity, Bronner founded Bridge the Gap Chris-tian Campus Ministry. Fresh out of the Colgate-Rochester Divinity School, Bishop Bronner was called to Calvary Baptist Church in Buffalo and the Church grew exponentially under his leadership. From there, Bishop Bronner founded Elim Christian Fellowship in 1999 and a second church in Rochester bear-ing the same name in 2002. Bishop Bronner ensures these churches maintain vision and purpose by creating a ministry network called, Turning the World Upside Down Covenant Fellowship, Inc. This all-encompassing min-istry offers seminars, workshops, revival meet-ings and teaching materials that are spiritually relevant. Elim, ‘‘known as a place of refreshing’’ of-fers ministries that speak to the human condi-tion in ways that are sensitive to the needs of all individuals. It’s no wonder that Elim Chris-tian Fellowship and Bishop Bronner in par-ticular, attract such a following. Bishop Bronner has made it his mission to embrace all people without regard for differences or sta-tions in life. This evening, we see Bishop Bronner’s vision come to life. Elim is a diverse community strongly supporting racial, gender, cultural and denominational reconciliation. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled and honored to join the members of Elim Christian Fellowship as they commemorate their Church Anniver-sary and the 25th Pastoral Anniversary of Rev. Dr. T Anthony Bronner. May the church and its leadership continue its quest for re-newal and growth in God’s love and care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.004 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1572 November 29, 2018 
HONORING CAMERON SILVEUS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Cameron Silveus for his contribution to our state. During my entire tenure in Congress, Cam-eron has been a loyal friend and wise adviser. Cameron is also a leader in Indiana’s agri-culture industry, serving as an executive at Silveus Insurance Group. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leader-ship and service. On a personal note, Cameron is a brother in Christ. I have appreciated his prayers and en-couragement over the years. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MRS. EUNICE L. MIXON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a distin-guished educator, political activist, and dear friend of longstanding, Mrs. Eunice L. Mixon. Sadly, Eunice departed to her eternal reward on Thursday, November 22, 2018. On Sun-day, December 2, 2018, friends and family will gather to celebrate the wonderful life of this exceptional woman at a homegoing service held at First Baptist Church in Tifton, Georgia. Eunice Lastinger Mixon was born in Tifton, Georgia on November 1, 1931, to the union of the late Robert and Carrie Lastinger. A prod-uct of the Tift County School System, she went on to attend classes at Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College, Norman Park Junior Col-lege, Valdosta State College, and the Univer-sity of Georgia where she earned both Mas-ter’s and Specialist Degrees in Science Edu-cation. Winston Churchill said, ‘‘We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.’’ Through every stage of her life, Eu-nice always gave herself to others. She served as an educator for 30 years within the Tift County School System and at Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College before redirecting her passion to politics. Her first official post in politics came in 1974 when she became the Tift County campaign chair for former Gov-ernor George Busbee. She also served as a delegate to the 1988 and 1992 National Democratic Conventions, and as a member of the Georgia Democratic Executive Committee. Over the years, she has helped campaign and fundraise for several political figures including former Georgia Lieutenant Governors Zell Mil-ler, and Pierre Howard, former Georgia Gov-ernors Roy Barnes, Joe Frank Harris, and Sonny Perdue, former Georgia Commissioner of Agriculture Tommy Irvin, former Georgia Secretary of State Max Cleland, U.S. Rep-resentative Charles Hatcher, former U.S. Sen-ator Sam Nunn, former U.S. Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton as well as yours truly. Eunice’s distinguished civic service was mir-rored by her extensive involvement in her community. In conjunction with her profes-sional accomplishments in politics, she served on several boards, including the Georgia Stu-dent Finance Commission; Vocational Edu-cation Task Force; Advisory Council on Con-solidation of Education Programs; Georgia Civil War Commission; Joint Board Liaison Committee; and the Georgia State Bar Dis-ciplinary Board. She has served as the door-keeper to the Georgia State Senate, and has served on the State Bar of Georgia’s Inves-tigative Panel; the Tifton/Tift County Library Board; the Coastal Plain Regional Library Board; the Heritage Trust Commission Board; and the State Election Board. Eunice received several awards for her ex-tensive achievement, service, and public dis-tinction. These include induction into the Tift County Chamber of Commerce’s Wall of Fame in 2014; the Liberty Bell Award by the Tifton Judicial Circuit Bar Association in 2016; the Eunice Mixon Award from the State Bar of Georgia in 2010; the Distinguished Older Georgian by the Georgia Council on Aging in 2018; and a listing as one of the 40 Most In-fluential South Georgians. Eunice is survived by her loving sons, John-ny and Jimmy; and a host of other family members and friends. On a personal note, I was blessed to know Eunice and her husband, Albert, for many years and I can say without reservation that she was one of the most passionate and warm-hearted individuals I have ever met. I am proud to have considered Eunice and the Mixon family as friends of longstanding. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, and all across the state of Georgia, in paying tribute to Mrs. Eunice Lastinger Mixon, for her legacy of service to state of Georgia, and extending our deepest condolences to Eunice’s family, friends, and loved ones. We pray that we will all be consoled and com-forted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERV-ICE OF JOAN O’DONNELL CONDON 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation for Joan O’Donnell Condon, a Senior Professional Staff Member who has served on the Committee on Foreign Affairs for more than 18 years. I first came to know Joan while I was chairing the Africa Subcommittee, during which time she helped me advance key initia-tives to promote security, rule of law, and eco-nomic opportunity across the continent. She worked tirelessly to bring attention to the atrocities of the Lord’s Resistance Army, genocide in Darfur, and the rise of al Qaeda- aligned terrorist organizations in East Africa and the Maghreb. In recognition for her efforts to support the peace processes in Liberia, Si-erra Leone, and Cote d’Ivoire, she was invited to attend the opening arguments against Libe-rian warlords Charles Taylor before the Spe-cial Court for Sierra Leone, and then joined me in celebrating as he was sentenced to life in prison for war crimes and crimes against humanity. As Chairman of the Committee, I knew I wanted Joan on my team. When I asked her where she would travel if she could go any-where in the world—and she responded with a list of disaster zones—I knew I had made the right choice. She now serves as one of my trusted senior staff, covering the U.S. foreign assistance portfolio. Her diligence, commit-ment, and integrity have earned her the re-spect of her colleagues. She has helped bring nearly two dozen Public Laws across the fin-ish line, including four bills to authorize and extend the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and the first bill to authorize Inter-national Disaster Assistance in 30 years. I look forward to seeing what she does next as I depart the chairmanship. I know she will con-tinue her excellent work. f 
HONORING RICHIE MOORE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a tenacious young man, Mr. Richie Moore. Mr. Moore has shown what can be done through hard work, dedica-tion and the desire to serve his community honorably. Richie Moore, a resident of the Benton Community was named General Manager of the Public Service Commission of Yazoo City. He came to the job with several years of ex-perience. He has worked for Yazoo Valley Electric Power Association and Entergy where he served in different positions ranging from groundman to journeyman lineman, and also held leadership roles in engineering and de-sign, distribution operations, and utility per-formance. While working fulltime, Moore obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and a Mas-ter’s Degree in Business Administration from Mississippi College. Richie is married to Amy and they have two children, Julian and Emily. Moore is the son of Verstine Moore and Frizell Casey. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Richie Moore for his dedica-tion and tenacity to serving his community and desire to be an example for all. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
HON. ROBIN L. KELLY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because Americans are still being taken from us by gun violence. The Republican majority’s strong ties with the NRA—an organization that has blocked commonsense, lifesaving legislation and told America’s doctors, our public health experts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.001 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1573 November 29, 2018 
that addressing gun violence ‘isn’t in their lane’—has prevented this Congress from act-ing. Why is that Mr. Speaker? Could your cau-cus be so beholden because of the millions of dollars the NRA funnels into your campaign accounts and leadership PACs? As the NRA was telling doctors to ‘stay in their lane’, a domestic abuser entered Chicago Mercy Hospital—a hospital, a place a refugee, healing and wellness—and took the lives of: 32-year-old Dr. Tamara O’Neal, 28-year-old Chicago Police Officer Samuel Jimenez, and 25-year-old pharmacy resident Dayna Less, PharmD. These are just three of the more than 90 Americans lost to gun violence each and every day in America. Mr. Speaker, how many times do we have to see American lives lost to senseless gun vi-olence before we act? When will we be part of stopping violence? Unfortunately, this long list does not end with them. These are the names of the Ameri-cans that this Republican-controlled House has failed with our failure to pass common-sense gun legislation: 1. Nathan Majors, 8 2. Hayden Mayes, 2 3. Amy Hayes, 5 4. Ronald Rocket 5. Patrick Smith, 41 6. Ke’Anthony Jelks, Jr., 2 7. Lauren McCluskey, 21 8. Florence County Deputy Farrah B. Turner 9. Nicole Barker 10. Antoine Hartwell 11. D’Onjay Jackson 12. Selina Rowsell 13. Aries Rowsell, 15 14. Avi Rowsell, 5 15. Michael Franco 16. Qa’id Muhammad, 29 17. Darren Scott Stroh 18. Onexis Del Valle Delair 19. Dustin John Delair 20. Claudia Cordero Garcia, 20 21. Diosdan Benitez-Cruz, 25 22. Ted Williams Hale 23. Joanne Lynn Strussenderg 24. Glenn Strussenderg 25. Donna McElfresh 26. Matthew Minkler, 17 27. Raheem Anthony Rice, 23 28. Michael Lamar Ragland 29. Mia Banks 30. Undra Colbert 31. Zachary Ragusa 32. Jesse Ordonez 33. Dylan Ray Martin 34. Martha Johnson 35. Richard Dean Johnson 36. Weldeyoanes Zelealem 37. Edward Budd 38. Christopher Hodgkin 39. Nicole Nguyen 40. James Charles Powell 41. Giovanni Melton, 14 42. Craig O’Driscoll 43. Nicholas Joseph Diamond, 29 44. Darrion Bolden, 26 45. Gabriel Valenzuela, 46. Bradley Whitis 47. Anthony Garrett, 16 48. Karen Michelle Jackson 49. John Lunetta Jr., 11 months 50. John Henry Lunetta 51. Eric Brooks, 18 52. Anthony Stearns, 17 53. Margaret Distler 54. Clarence Distler 55. Angel Thompson 56. Andres Guillen 57. Holly Ann Guillen 58. Kimberlee Ann Kincaid-Hill 59. Paul Carr Palmer, III 60. Fabriccio Patti, 13 61. Ethan Hogan, 25 62. Joshua Lee, 20 63. Jon ‘‘Rabbit’’ Gomez 64. Sydney Land, 21 65. Nehemiah Kauffman, 21 66. Javier Munoz, 28 67. Kaji Goode, 22 68. Rex Vance Wilson 69. Christopher Stewart 70. Aleksandr Khutsishvili 71. Lamar Dale Reid, 22 72. Paulette King 73. Felipe George 74. Gianni Corsentino, 18 75. Art Wulf 76. Jan Wulf 77. Aaron Wulf 78. Mark Santee 79.Vincent G. Maltese 80. Kevin Michael Hockar 81. Matt Christensen, 24 82. Lanard Wilson 83. Jaime Borja Molina 84. Donald Jecusco 85. Devry Moore, 22 86. Steven Wayne Spurlin, 27 87. Johnny Dee Haney II, 26 88. Kevin Clanton 89. Mbayi Ngenza 90. Marcell Titus 91. James Smyth 92. Tristan Taylor Green, 19 93. Clayton James Singleton, 8 94. Jennifer Bagley Donoso 95. Lex Donoso, 8 96. Joe Frankulin 97. Marquic Williams, 26 98. Kye McClendon, 21 99. Derrick Patterson, 46 100. Geovany Garcia, 19 101. Jerelle Javanta Lamb 102. Jerrelle Lamb 103. Melroz A. Klungseth 104. Charles Schroeder 105. Zoey Schroeder 106. John Noble 107. John Allen 108. Androples Lewis 109. Veronica Caldwell 110. Cory Childers, 21 111. Yvonne Reyes, 18 112. Blake Widmar, 21 113. Won Jae Lee, 26 114. Jiyeon Lee, 23 115. Phia Vang, 25 116. Monty Gibson 117. Deanna Serano 118. Marvin Surrell, 22 119. Timothy Donnelly 120. Alabama’s 17th Judicial Circuit District Attorney Greg Griggers 121. Clayton Wesley Bronson, 18 122. Evan Plunkett, 25 123. Arcenio Lujan 124. Zachary Wayne Girdner, 23 125. Joseph Lucero, 27 126. Cecil Johnson 127. Officer Samuel Solorio 128. Dejanay Stanton, 24 129. Eh Thon Gar, 22 130. Jamymell Ray 131. Yvonne Woodard 132. Allen Troyer, 21 133. James Lonaker 134. Ventura County Sheriff Sgt. Ron Helus 135. Sean Adler 136. Cody Coffman, 22 137. Alaina Housley, 18 138. Daniel Manrique 139. Justin Meek, 23 140. Kristina Morisette, 20 141. Telemachus Orfanos, 27—a survivor of the mass shooting in Las Vegas who was killed in another mass shooting in Thousand Oaks, CA 142. Noel Sparks, 21 143. Mark Meza, Jr., 20 144. Blake Dingman, 21, and 145. Jacob Dunham, 21. Mr. Speaker, this Congress—led by Repub-licans—has failed to implement commonsense gun safety legislation. This leaves the door open for chaos to take place, day in and day out, in our movie theatre, hospital, country concerts, synagogues and bars. So I ask you again, Mr. Speaker: ‘When will it stop?’ 
f 
HONORING TRACY SMITH 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a longtime member of my staff, Tracy Smith, for her work in my office and her serv-ice to our state. Tracy is based in Indiana and worked for our team during my entire time in Congress. Tracy has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our organization. She brought a wealth of experience and knowledge to our team and was extremely reliable. On a personal note, I have known Tracy for almost 20 years. She is loyal, smart, decent and kind. I want to thank Tracy for her friend-ship and her hard work in our office. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her family. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE C. WASHINGTON III 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dr. George C. Wash-ington III graduated from Carver High School in Gadsden and received his B. S. degree in Arts and Sciences (Biology and Chemistry) from Alabama A and M College. Dr. Wash-ington graduate degrees were received from Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana. His professional experience included teaching and band director at Trenholm High School, Tuscumbia, Alabama and Council Training School, Normal, Alabama prior to migrating to Jackson, Mississippi in 1957 to teach at Jack-son State College. He retired from Jackson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.004 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1574 November 29, 2018 
State University in 1999 as Associate Pro-fessor of Biology and Associate Director of Preprofessional Health Careers Program, al-though he continued as an adjunct professor for a number of years. Dr. Washington married the love of his life, Dora Scruggs, in 1958, and together they began a teaching career in higher education. Dr. Washington received many civic and church-related awards, including ‘‘Kappa Man of the Year’’ from the Jackson Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity and the ‘‘Life-time Achievement Award,’’ given at the 71st Southwestern Provincial meeting in Little Rock, Arkansas. He served as a trustee of the Gulfside Association and as a member of the Board of Trustees, Piney Wood School. As a member of Aldersgate United Meth-odist Church, he served as a choir member, a member of Prime Timers Ministry, the Board of Trustees, and the United Methodist Men’s organization, from which he received a Life-time Award. Beyond the local church, he served as president and vice president of the Con-ference United Methodist men and on the Episcopacy Committee. Dr. Washington is survived by his wife, Dr. Dora Washington of Jackson, Mississippi; chil-dren, Dr. E. Patrice Colbert, George C. Wash-ington IV and Tamara Y. Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. George C. Washington III. 
f 
TEXAS TRADITION—AGGIE MUSTER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ok, so I may not exactly be the biggest Texas A&M fan around. And, I possibly ruffle a few ma-roon feathers from time-to-time poking fun at the Aggies. But, one thing I can say without a doubt is that there is no other school that has as loyal a following and dedication to tradition as Texas A&M. Texas A&M is famous for its traditions, ranging from the Aggie War Hymn, the 12th Man, Midnight Yell, Gig ’em, Reville and of course, the ring. But above all else, there is one tradition that I have the greatest respect for—Aggie Muster. Every year on April 21st, Aggies from all over the world come together to honor the memories of fellow A&M men and women whose death prevents their answering the Roll Call at the annual Muster. (It is no small coin-cidence that April 21st is also the anniversary of the battle of San Jacinto—where Texas gained independence from Mexico in 1836.) The Roll is a symbolic Roll Call of all students and former students whom death has taken from the Aggie ranks, but whose memory lives on in Aggie hearts. As each name is called, a comrade will answer ‘‘here’’ in their stead. This time-honored tradition began in June of 1883 as a reunion of sorts of former students reliving their college days from the ball field to the battlefield. By 1889 it had evolved into a celebration of Texas Independence, and in 1922 it became the official ceremony it is today to account for every Aggie around the world by honoring the ‘‘Roll Call of the Ab-sent’’ every year on San Jacinto Day, April 21st—the day marking Texas’ Independence in 1836. According to tradition, ‘‘if there is an A&M man in one hundred miles of you, you are ex-pected to get together, eat a little, and live over the days you spent at the A&M College of Texas.’’ The most famous example of this edict was the Muster of 1942 under the com-mand of General George Moore during World War II. Amid fierce enemy fire, hunched in the trenches on Corregidor Island in the Phil-ippines, General Moore and 25 fellow Aggies answered the Roll Call for the Aggies who no longer could. A war correspondent observed the make- shift ceremony and the world was introduced to the Aggie spirit. During times of war, Muster is especially poignant. Texas A&M has produced more offi-cers in the United States military than even West Point. It has the distinction, other than West Point, of having more Medal of Honor winners than any other university in the United States. When General George Patton was in Europe going to combat in the Third Army, he made a comment about the Texas Aggies and the soldiers that he had under his command. He said, ‘‘Give me an army of West Point graduates and I will win a battle. You give me a handful of Texas Aggies, and I will win the war.’’ The Aggies’ long tradition of duty and serv-ice to our great nation dates back to their be-ginning, to the days when A&M was an all- male military academy. Texas A&M trained nearly 4000 troops during World War I and over 20,000 Aggies served in World War II, 14,000 as officers. The entire graduating classes of 1941 and 1942 enlisted in the mili-tary. The Aggie War Hymn was written on en-velope by Aggie Marine J.V. ‘‘Pinky’’ Wilson while standing guard on the Rhine River dur-ing World War I and it remains the most rec-ognizable school fight song across the coun-try—probably the world. Today, Muster is observed in more than 400 places worldwide and this year’s ‘‘Roll Call of the Absent’’ honored 1015 people around the world, including those remarkable young men and women who gave their lives for our coun-try today. The family of former U.S. first lady Barbara Bush elected to defer her recognition at Aggie Muster to 2019, when her family will have the opportunity to participate. When her name is called, Aggies all over the world will whisper ‘‘here’’. Muster is a time to honor those that have died, and a time for all Aggies to come to-gether to reconnect and celebrate a way of life known only to those that proudly hail from Aggieland. This somber tradition illustrates the deep bond among all Aggies and is a key part of the rich heritage of tradition that sets Texas A&M apart from all the rest. Gig ’em Aggies. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. CRAIG L
AMOUNTAIN 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor Mr. Craig LaMountain for his dedication and accomplishments in estab-lishing the Vietnam War Foundation and Mu-seum for the purpose of memorializing those who fought in Vietnam as well as to educate succeeding generations concerning these vet-erans’ experiences, sacrifices, service, and devotion to duty. Mr. LaMountain is a Vietnam veteran, draft-ed into the U.S. Army in October 1966 and coming home in August 1968. Mr. LaMountain began collecting memorabilia and visiting schools in New York after his brother, LT Vetal Charles LaMountain, a Naval aviator crashed while on a mission during the Viet-nam War and whose remains were never re-covered. When Mr. LaMountain’s close cousin, Mickey Addy, died of cancer from Agent Or-ange, the collection was expanded to further present to schools the opportunity for veterans to share their experiences. Like so many Viet-nam veterans, Mr. LaMountain continues to sacrifice to this day in fighting his own battle against the effects of Agent Orange. Upon retirement, Mr. LaMountain incor-porated his collection as the Vietnam War Foundation (VWF), a non-profit 501(c)(3) pub-lic education foundation. The VWF provides schoolchildren and the general public the op-portunity to learn about the military legacy of the 1960s in a ‘‘hands-on’’, free of charge en-vironment, hear its Vietnam veterans share their stories, and see and touch restored, his-toric military aircraft and vehicles. No other known educational foundation in the U.S. is to-tally dedicated to preserving this unique Viet-nam era equipment and memorabilia for future generations of schoolchildren and the general public to experience. Mr. LaMountain has de-voted himself to this mission for over 30 years. It is my privilege to honor Mr. Craig LaMountain today, and my sincere hope that you’ll join me in recognizing him for his ex-traordinary effort to present the Vietnam era story and experiences to schools, veterans and their families, historians and the general public. f 
HONORING RYAN HOFMANN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a dedicated member of my staff, Ryan Hofmann, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Ryan has been on our team for over a year and has worked in several capacities in our Washington, D.C. office. He started as a pol-icy intern last summer in our leadership office, the Republican Policy Committee. He was then hired as a full time staffer in February and is responsible for producing the Legisla-tive Digest, handling tour requests, managing our internship program and advising me on a variety of policy issues. On a personal note, I admire Ryan’s loyalty, intellect and work ethic. He has been a valu-able member of our team, and I have no doubt Ryan’s future is very bright. I want to thank Ryan for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.006 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1575 November 29, 2018 
CONDEMNING THE USE OF CHEM-ICAL AGENTS ON UNARMED ASY-LUM SEEKERS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, the cruelty, heartlessness and failure of the Trump administration immigration policy have reached a new low point with the reprehen-sible use of chemical agents against unarmed asylum seekers including children. The unilat-eral, unlawful policy requires those seeking asylum in the U.S. to remain in Mexico after adding their names to an interminable waiting list facing deteriorating living conditions in what increasingly have come to resemble de-tention camps. The use of violence and fear to deter legal asylum applications ignores the real social, political and economic forces driv-ing emigration and the role of current and his-torical U.S. foreign and economic policies in creating those conditions. A nation of immi-grants such as the United States deserves, demands, a policy collectively-negotiated with our neighbors grounded in democracy and human rights and dedicated to mutual social and economic development. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF PETTY OFFICER NORVEL BAPTISTE KING 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a valiant and selfless community servant, Chief Petty Officer Norvel Baptiste King. Chief Petty Officer King has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and the desire to serve his country honorably. Norvel, a resident of Bentonia, Mississippi, is a 1988 graduate of Yazoo City High School. Norvel Baptiste King joined the Navy in 1987, prior to graduation on the delayed entry program. On September 6, 1988, he went to boot camp in San Diego, CA. His first ship was the USS Midway CV–41 in Yokosuka, Japan. In October 1991, he left active duty and in November of the same year, he joined the Navy Reserves in Jackson, MS. In 2008, he was mobilized to Kuwait and assigned to the Custom Unit. He held several positions during his Navy career: Assistant Command Career Counselor, Assistant Department Head, First Class Petty Officer and Chief Petty Officer. Chief Petty Officer King is married to Tracy Collier-King and they are the parents of seven children and five grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Chief Petty Officer Norvel Baptiste King for his dedication and tenacity to serving his country and desire to be an exam-ple for all. HONORING MEGAN ROBERTSON HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Megan Robertson, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Megan worked on our team during my first term in office, serving as Communications Di-rector. In that role, Megan advised me on communications strategy and served as my spokesperson. She brought a wide breadth of political knowledge from her experience on campaigns, which helped us establish the framework for our communications operation. She’s also a huge Bears fan and I always en-joyed talking about the NFL with her too. I would like to thank Megan for her hard work in our office. I wish her and Katie contin-ued success in all that remains ahead for their family. 
f 
HONORING MARY M CCULLOUGH 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mary McCullough for a lifetime of serv-ice to her community, including her extraor-dinary efforts to address healthcare needs in Hollister, California. Ms. McCullough has been recognized by many local civic and community organizations for these efforts, most recently as the Hazel Hawkins Hospital Foundation’s 2018 ‘‘Heart for Hazel’’ award recipient. After moving to Hollister in 1963, Ms. McCullough immediately immersed herself in the community. She joined several community organizations and quickly distinguished herself as a leader in local preschools, concert asso-ciations, Girl Scouts, Woman’s Fund, and the United Way. In addition to her volunteerism and community work, Ms. McCullough also made time to help establish the Community Foundation for San Benito County, which serves as a hub for philanthropic work in the area. Most notably, Ms. McCullough chose to dedicate her time and efforts to improving healthcare at local and statewide levels. In 1963, Ms. McCullough joined the Hospital Auxiliary as a volunteer and, in 1982, began serving on the San Benito Health Care District Board of Directors, where she remained until her retirement earlier this year. She was also appointed to the Association of California Healthcare Districts Board of Directors where she has served since 2002. In these roles, Ms. McCullough committed to herself to sup-porting healthcare facilities and locations to better serve patients and their families. During Ms. McCullough’s tenure, the San Benito Health Care District Board oversaw the construction of a skilled nursing facility, exten-sion of the main hospital, and development of a state-of-the-art emergency department and women’s center. As Ms. McCullough prepares for her retirement from these positions, I am thankful for her work and feel confident that she will remain an active member of our com-munity. I am deeply grateful for Ms. McCullough’s commitment to public service to the residents of San Benito County and state of California. As she celebrates her retirement, I am proud to recognize her for the invaluable work she has completed. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Mary McCullough on her lifetime of service and con-gratulate her on a well-earned retirement. f 
PLEASANTON VETERANS POST OFFICE 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present H.R. 1210, which will re-name the post office facility located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office.’’ This bill will show our appreciation for the veterans of Pleasanton, Texas, and ensure their service and sacrifices to our country is not forgotten. Across my district, fine men and women of all walks of life have honorably served our country. It is critical that we honor their service and dedication to our nation. Pleasanton alone is home to over 600 veterans. Dedicating this post office to our veterans will serve as an en-during reminder of the sacrifices that our friends, neighbors, and family made while serving their country. These individuals put country ahead of self, and I am proud to rec-ognize them with the dedication of this post of-fice facility. Today, I acknowledge the service of Judge Robert ‘‘Bob’’ L. Hurley of Pleasanton, TX. Judge Hurley served in the United States Air Force as a medic and eventually rose to the rank of Staff Sergeant. He was NCOIC of the U.S. Air Force Academy Cadet Medical Clin-ic—Medical Records and Appointments De-partment. After the completion of his service, he moved back to Pleasanton. He later be-came president of two companies and served his hometown as both a councilmember and mayor. He now serves as a Judge for Atascosa County, a position he’s held since 2014. We owe our freedom to veterans like Judge Hurley, which is why I am recognizing him with the dedication of this post office. He is just one example of the many veterans who prioritize service to their country. The bravery and commitment of these men and women to our nation demonstrates what it really means to be an American. I would also like to take a moment to thank the veterans’ organizations throughout my dis-trict for their tireless work in providing the care our veterans need. And in the words of Presi-dent John F. Kennedy, ‘‘A nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men it remembers.’’ 
f 
HONORING DR. TIMOTHY QUINN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a dynamic young man of our community, Dr. Timothy Quinn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.010 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1576 November 29, 2018 
Dr. Timothy Quinn is a native Mississippian and graduate of Belhaven University in Jack-son, Mississippi. He earned his medical de-gree from Meharry Medical College in Nash-ville, Tennessee and completed his residency work at Martin Luther King Drew Medical Cen-ter in Los Angeles, California. In 2003, Dr. Quinn began practicing Family Medicine in Jackson, Mississippi, with empha-sizes on physical fitness and wellness. Cur-rently, Dr. Quinn serves as Medical Director at Quinn Healthcare, where he commits his life to serve the people of Mississippi, focusing on preventative health care and traditional medi-cine. Since 2010, Quinn Healthcare has serv-iced over 22,506 patients. Dr. Quinn has lectured on physical fitness and obesity prevention. Since 2012, he has been writing health articles for The Jackson Free Press Newspaper and published many articles in the Clarion Ledger from 2005 through 2012. He has also been a contributing medical expert for the following local television news stations: WLBT; WAPT; WJTV; and FOX40, since 2005. Dr. Quinn is a familiar voice on WJMI and WKXI Radio Stations’ seg-ment, ‘‘Health Tips’’ since 2004. In 2009, Dr. Quinn was featured as an expert physician for the Black Entertainment Television (BET) Net-work Special, ‘‘Heart of the City: Dying to Eat in Jackson’’, hosted by Star Jones. In 2012, he was named one of Mississippi Business Journal’s, ‘‘Top Forty Under 40’’. He also pro-vides a weekly medical commentary for two shows, the ‘‘Dr. Frank McCune Health and Prosperity Show’’ and the ‘‘Women for Progress Show’’ on WMPR 90.1 Radio Sta-tion. In March 2015, he was featured as an expert physician and appeared on NBC Night-ly News regarding the State of Mississippi’s proposed House Bill 130 (Authorize Exemp-tions from Vaccinations for Medical Reasons or Conscientious Beliefs). According to Niel-son’s Ratings, Dr. Quinn reached 566,023 tel-evision viewers’ households through his tele-vision appearances that began in the year 2010 and is consistently increasing. As per Magnolia Clipping Service, Dr. Quinn ap-peared as an Expert Physician in the news, well over 100 times, since 2010 in all Mis-sissippi and Alabama publications. On July 2, 2014, Dr. Quinn led Mayor Tony Yarber’s Medical Task Force for a Healthier Jackson to identify individuals and implement measures to improve their health and through this initiative, Dr. Quinn has screened hun-dreds of individuals through community health screenings and health fairs. Dr. Quinn received: the George Washington Stutts, Sr. Award on June 18, 2015 at the 26th Annual Honors Program sponsored by the Robinson-Watson Book Company; the Best Doctor Award from The Jackson Free Press Newspaper and Quinn Healthcare received the Best Clinic Award in July 2015. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this dynamic man, Dr. Timothy Quinn, for aspiring to increase the health and education of the 2nd Congressional District of Mississippi. HONORING JOHN WILSON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, John Wil-son, for his work in my office and his service to our state. John worked on our team for over two years, serving as a Staff Assistant and later as a Legislative Correspondent in my Wash-ington, D.C. office. In this role, John was re-sponsible for advising me on a variety of pol-icy issues, managing our internship program, handling tour requests, and writing constituent mail. Since leaving our office, he has gone on to serve as a Legislative Assistant with Rep. Jim Banks and now works at Heritage Action for America as a Senior Legislative Assistant. On a personal note, John Wilson is my friend. I admire his loyalty, intellect and work ethic. He was a valuable member of our team, and I have no doubt his future is very bright. I want to thank John for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF ANDY TAYLOR 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the work of Andy Taylor, who has been the lead staffer for global economic com-petitiveness on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Andy has worked tirelessly to advance Amer-ica’s international economic interests abroad, leading bipartisan staff delegations overseas, conducting rigorous oversight of the executive branch, and advancing a robust legislative agenda. I thank Andy for his service to me and our committee and for his professionalism as a staffer. He is creative and collaborative in his approach to developing legislation and dogged in his advocacy for our committee members’ bills. Andy came to Capitol Hill in 2010 and has worked on a wide range of policy issues, from biomedical research and drug development for patients with rare diseases, to energy and fi-nancial services policy, and Puerto Rico’s pub-lic debt crisis. On the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Andy ushered legislation to boost American leadership in cyberspace, advance women’s entrepreneurship and economic em-powerment, modernize our anti-money laun-dering and counter-terrorism financing regime, and bolster U.S. energy diplomacy. In October, the President signed the BUILD Act into law, major legislation Andy was critical to creating a $60 billion U.S. International De-velopment Finance Corporation. This new enti-ty will mobilize private capital in support of broad-based economic growth and provide countries a robust alternative to state-directed investments by authoritarian governments. I am grateful to Andy for his service pro-moting American foreign policy and U.S. en-gagements overseas. HONORING FIREFIGHTER FRANCIS COOK FOR 50 YEARS OF SERVICE HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Firefighter Francis Cook for fifty years of active service with the Crown Point Fire Department. Firefighter Francis Cook has been an instru-mental member of the Crown Point Fire De-partment since he joined in 1968. He has held numerous positions in the Department, includ-ing Fire Chief for two years. Throughout his 50 years of service, Firefighter Cook dem-onstrated a superb work ethic and a commit-ment to becoming an outstanding firefighter. In 2018 alone, he responded to 96 emergency calls and attended 43 training events, totaling just over 223 active hours. He also took ad-vantage of opportunities to become a card holder for CPR and First Aid to assist with first response calls, and earned multiple NYS Fire-fighting Certifications. Mr. Cook devoted 50 years of his life to fire protection, and is an exemplary member of his community. On behalf of New York’s 21st Dis-trict, I would like to thank Firefighter Cook for a lifetime of sacrifices and dedication to keep-ing the Crown Point community safe. 
f 
HONORING SHAKIRA CAIN-BELL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dr. Shakira Cain-Bell, is a 1992 Bachelor of Science, 1995 Masters of Public Policy and Administration, 2002 Doc-tor of Education, and a 2012 Masters of Arts in Sociology graduated of Jackson State Uni-versity, she is a native of Canton, Mississippi with more than 16 years of experience as a motivational speaker, educator, conference or-ganizer, advisor, compliance officer, commu-nity organizer, head start reviewer, college SACS team member, 6th grade teacher, as-sistant principal, early childhood program de-veloper, early childhood childcare center de-signer, and an early childhood consultant. Dr. Cain-Bell as the academic dean and ad-junct professor of Sociology at the Jackson Campus Academic Technical Center Hinds Community College. She is a certified online learning professor through Jackson State Uni-versity and the Institution of Higher Learning. She is the former director of the Minority Male Leadership Initiative Higher Learning. She is the former director of the Minority Male Lead-ership Initiative (M2M). Dr. Cain-Bell was the first assistant professor hired in the Inter-disciplinary Studies Department at Jackson State University. Dr. Cain-Bell also has a Masters in Higher Education from Mississippi College. She was the first and second cohort of GIFTS Scholars selected at Jackson State University; while co- authoring the book Foundations in Global In-quiry Institutional Guide—Jackson State Uni-versity, which was collected and edited by Dr. Robert Blaine as part of the Apple iPad Initia-tive at Jackson State University. Dr. Cain-Bell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.014 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1577 November 29, 2018 
designed the first child watch program for pu-pils who were in need of adequate childcare watch; while attending classes in the Re-search and Development Center at Jackson State University. Dr. Shakira Cain-Bell is married to Pastor Charles E. Bell, Jr. and they have three chil-dren, Zerrian, Zachariah, and Shakira. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Shakira Cain-Bell for her dedication to serving. 
f 
HONORING THE LIVES AND DEDI-CATED SERVICE OF BOYD AND RALPH HENDERSON OF POCA-TELLO, IDAHO 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding set of twins from Idaho: Boyd Frank Henderson and Ralph Jay Henderson, who recently celebrated their 100th birthday. Those 100 years were marked by dedicated service to their country, church, and community, and I wish to recognize them for their outstanding contributions to Idaho. As young men in 1941, the Henderson twins joined the United Sates Army. That same year, they left their wives and entered World War II in the 183 Field Artillery Battalion, fight-ing in North Africa and Europe. After being in-jured in combat, Boyd was awarded the Pur-ple Heart and the Bronze Star for heroic achievement. Ralph showed extreme bravery and was awarded the Silver Star. Both learned and grew from their experiences in the United States Army and utilized these talents and skills throughout their lives. Before joining the Army, the Henderson twins enjoyed many of life’s accomplishments together. They both graduated from Pocatello High School in 1936, and in 1937 participated in Boy Scout and an Eagle Scout Courts of Honor. In 1941, both were married: Boyd to Ethel Chilton and Ralph to Lena Rawlins. At the end of their tours of duty, the Hender-son twills returned to Pocatello, Idaho. Boyd returned to his wife Ethel and had nine chil-dren. Ralph returned to his wife Lena and had five children. After Lena’s passing, Ralph mar-ried LeNore Thompson Smedley in 2002. Boyd and Ralph opened Henderson Lumber shortly after returning from the war. The twins contributed substantially to building the com-munity of Pocatello. They also contributed po-litically and served in various leadership posi-tions in the community. Boyd served as a Bannock County Commissioner for six years. Boyd and Ralph were also both active in their church. In 1927, they were baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Both held unpaid, lay clergy positions that helped countless members of their church, and both were called to serve as Bishops in their geographical area. Boyd also held the position of Stake President and Re-gional Representative, as well as serving for three years in Australia as a Mission Presi-dent. Few people live to be 100 years old and even fewer can share that day with a twin. Boyd and Ralph Henderson accomplished that on September 6, 2018. They shared their 100th birthday with each other, their families, and their friends. The 100 years that Boyd and Ralph have lived have helped shape Pocatello into the place it is today. Unfortunately, Ralph passed away on November 5, 2018. He will be missed by many, but undoubtedly none more than his twin brother, Boyd. The family, friends, and community who have had the privilege of knowing Boyd and Ralph Henderson are proud of the lives they both have lived. f 
CELEBRATING JAMES ‘‘JIM’’ CAMPION 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great respect and admiration to recognize James ‘‘Jim’’ Campion, the President of Co-lumbia-Greene Community College in Hudson, New York. Jim is retiring at the end of the 2019 academic year, culminating an impres-sive and nearly fifty-year career in higher edu-cation. An outstanding leader and mentor, Jim has consistently displayed an unyielding dedication to improving New York’s community college system. Under his leadership, Columbia- Greene Community College has expanded educational opportunities, improved campus safety and amenities, and provided more inno-vative curriculum and career training for stu-dents. The tireless commitment of educators like Jim is fundamental to the success of our com-munities, our state, and our nation. Mr. Speak-er, I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating Jim on his retirement and thanking him for his many years of dedicated service to New York State. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 30TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE ROAD TO RESPONSIBILITY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 30th Anniversary of the Road to Responsibility of Marshfield, Massa-chusetts. Road to Responsibility, a Marshfield-based nonprofit, has been serving our area since 1988 with the goal of ‘‘making life better, one person at a time.’’ This exceptional organiza-tion works to provide adults with disabilities the means, opportunity, and support to be in-tegrated into our community. This charitable organization is made up of a dedicated staff working tirelessly to provide all people the chance to have dignified and meaningful lives. The celebration of the Road to Responsibil-ity’s 30th anniversary gives us a reason to re-flect on the far-reaching impact this non-profit has had on the South Shore. Since its incor-poration, this organization has provided em-ployment services, therapy and therapeutic actives, day programs, and residential serv-ices. Recognizing the needs of its community, Road to Responsibility quickly expanded its residential homes and programs to serve over 1,200 individuals with disabilities and their families. It now proudly operates 48 residential homes and 64 different programs across the Commonwealth, expanding its services to in-clude recreational and art programs in the area of Autism services. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the 30th Anniversary of the Road to Responsibility for their dedication to bettering our community and increasing the quality to life for people liv-ing with a disability in our district. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking them for their invaluable service and wishing them all the best in the many years to come. f 
HONORING KYLE KASTINGS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Kyle Kastings, for his work in my office and his service to our state. I’ve known Kyle for more than two decades and during that time, he has become a close friend and trusted adviser. Kyle has proven himself to be one of our state’s top political minds. There’s no doubt that I wouldn’t be where I am today without Kyle’s counsel and help every step of the way. On a personal note, Kyle is a talented lead-er and loyal friend. He has already impacted our state in extraordinary ways. But, I am cer-tain that his biggest impact is yet to come. I want to thank Kyle for his friendship and dedication to our work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
HONORING LOUISE STEWART 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable commu-nity servant, Louise Stewart. Louise has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and the desire to live a long and fruitful life. Louise Stewart was born in Delta, Lou-isiana. She is the oldest of three children and the only girl of the late John A. Murray, Sr. and Nona Ellis Murray. Louise is a graduate of the Vicksburg Public School System, class of 1948 Bowman High School. Louise participated in the study of Progressive Education in Black High Schools (1940–46), which Magnolia High School of Vicksburg was included in the study. Louise married the late Charles L. Stewart. The Stewart’s relocated to Chicago, IL in search of better opportunities. While in Chi-cago Louise enrolled in Chicago City Junior College, the Malcom X Branch, graduating with an Associate in Arts degree and contin-ued her studies at Chicago City Teachers Col-lege majoring in Elementary Education. She became employed at the University of Illinois Medical Center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.017 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1578 November 29, 2018 
After returning to Vicksburg in 1970, Louise worked in the Vicksburg School System as a Substitute Teacher. Later, she began working at Sears in sales and training as coordinator. She retired after 21 years of service. Louise is a member of Mount Calvary M.B. Church. She has been a member of the Vicks-burg Homecoming Benevolent Club since 1986. Louise has served as assistant treas-urer, treasurer, and financial secretary for the club. She has a heart to serve as needed. She loves life, reading, traveling and having fun. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Louise Stewart for her dedication and tenacity to serving her commu-nity and desire to be an example for all. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REVEREND JOSEPHUS EGGELLETION, JR. 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I rise today to honor the life and legacy of my dear friend and longtime Broward County politician, Reverend Josephus Eggelletion, Jr. Joe was born on April 23, 1949, in Miami, Florida, to a family that, though of humble means, was rich in love for one another and their community. He graduated from Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale and completed his undergraduate studies at Florida A&M Uni-versity, before starting a life dedicated to pub-lic service and his community. As one of Broward County’s longest-serving black elected officials, his political career began in 1990 on the Lauderdale Lakes City Council, where he filled the vacancy of the late Sol Rossman. Joe went on to become Broward County’s first African American mayor. He then served in Florida’s House of Representatives from 1992 through 1998. His political career continued when he was elected to the Broward County Commission, where he served until 2009. After a long battle with prostate cancer, Joe died on November 21, 2018 at the age of 69. He will be remembered as a caring friend and committed public servant whose career spanned more than 20 years. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my deepest sympathies to Joe’s wife, Carolyn and his en-tire family. While he is no longer with us, his spirit and loving memory will always live on, and he will be dearly missed. 
f 
FAITH, FAMILY, PHILANTHROPY, AND FOOTBALL: REMEMBERING BOB M
CNAIR 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Houstonians will never forget October 6, 1999, when the NFL announced that the 32nd NFL franchise had been awarded to American busi-nessman, Robert C. McNair. This adopted Texan will forever be remembered as the man that brought professional football back to Houston. McNair grew up in Forest City, North Caro-lina, and graduated from the University of South Carolina in 1958. He and his wife, Jan-ice, moved to Houston two years later. McNair founded Cogen Technologies, which became the largest privately owned cogeneration com-pany in the world. He then sold the bulk of it to Enron in 1999 for $1.1 billion with an eye toward becoming a National Football League owner. During his nearly two decades as an NFL owner, McNair left a lasting mark on the city of Houston. His leadership and determination brought the NFL back to Houston, built a spectacular stadium, and was instrumental in bringing two Super Bowls to Houston. Football was not the only good thing McNair gave to Houston. Throughout his life, McNair and his charitable foundations gave more than $500 million to a countless number of sci-entific, literary, educational, and faith-based organizations. McNair chaired the Robert and Janice McNair Foundation and the Houston Texans Foundation for more than 25 years. Ten years before he became known to most of us and before he was awarded the Texans franchise, McNair and his wife started the Robert and Janice McNair Educational Foun-dation to ensure all students in his hometown who so desired, would have the opportunity to attend college. Thousands of individuals have now received a better education; changing their lives because of McNair’s selfless char-acter. McNair passed away on Friday, November 23, 2018 at the age of 81. He is survived by his wife, Janice; two sons, Cal and Cary; two daughters, Ruth and Melissa, 15 grand-children, and two great grandsons. McNair was once asked by the NFL Network how he would like to be remembered. He replied ‘‘I’d like to think that I’d be remembered as an honorable man, as a good Christian man, and that I always did things in a first-class manner and treated people honestly. I think that would be a good legacy.’’ Mr. Speaker, Bob McNair lived his life al-ways revolving around four main values: Faith, Family, Philanthropy, and Football. May we all strive to live a life well lived around those kind of values, and to leave a positive impact like Bob McNair. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING PHOENIX PROJECT COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION, INC. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a dynamic non-profit organization, Phoenix Project Community De-velopment Foundation, Inc. Phoenix Project Community Development Foundation, Inc. (PPCDF, Inc.) is a develop-ment corporation headquartered at 997 Main Street in Fayette, Mississippi. The name of this organization was derived from the myth of the Phoenix bird, which fell to Earth and burned to ashes yet rose from the ashes to at-tain greater heights. This is the ‘‘Phoenix Vi-sion’’ for Southwest Mississippi. This organization was founded in 1995 by Walter Huston, Executive Director and Volley Davis, Deputy Director. PPCDF, Inc. serves the residents and citi-zens of Southwest Mississippi by aiding in community and economic development mat-ters such as: Workforce Development, Com-munity Leadership Programs, Grant Writing and Community Education Programs. PPCDF, Inc. also aids individuals, government entities, nonprofits, churches and fraternal organiza-tions. The focus for this organization is to de-vise strategies that: reduce pervasive poverty, alleviate high systemic unemployment; elevate educational achievement for youth and adults and to raise the standard of living for all resi-dents of Southwest Mississippi. PPCDF, Inc. received the ‘‘Making Things Better Award’’ at the 2003 Low-Income Cus-tomer Summit, in New Orleans, Louisiana sponsored by ENTERGY Corporation and in 2001 this organization conducted ‘‘Leadership Jefferson’’, a nine-month community leader-ship development program for citizens of Jef-ferson County, Mississippi. PPCDF, Inc. also operated ‘‘Phoenix AOP’’ (Adolescent Opportunity Program) a program for adolescent offenders ages 12 to 17. This program assisted participants in: Character Building, Leadership, Academic and Social Skills and operated from 2008 until April 2016 in Claiborne, Jefferson and Pearl River Coun-ties. In Fiscal Year, 2016–2017, PPCDF, Inc. en-tered into a partnering agreement with Fami-lies First of MS, offering an afterschool tutor-ing for youth’s in grades 1 through 12, which included: ACT Prep and On-Line Diploma Pro-gram for Dropouts and Adult Learners. Also, other services are: Workforce Readiness, Youth Development, Financial Literacy, and Parenting classes. The mission to reduce poverty, high unem-ployment, and elevate educational achieve-ment gaps will be met while teaching students Alternative Life and Workforce Readiness Skills. Phoenix Project Community Develop-ment Foundation, Inc. is also a designated ACT WORKKEYS Assessment Site. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this great organization, Phoenix Project Community Development Foundation, Inc., that is serving and giving back to the community in Fayette, MS and the sur-rounding areas. f 
HONORING AWILDA RIVERA 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to honor Awilda Ri-vera, who is a Senior Congressional Assistant and Caseworker in my district office and is re-tiring after more than 30 years of service. She has been a key part of my team for almost the entirety of my time in Congress, and my staff and I will sorely miss her. Awilda began her work on behalf of Bronxites in 1988, with my predecessor, Con-gressman Robert Garcia. She later joined my staff, and has been with my office for more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.022 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1579 November 29, 2018 
than 27 years. Her work was always stellar, and she consistently went above and beyond the call of duty to help constituents with what-ever problems they had. She had a hard time saying no to assisting individuals in need. Helping others is, and I believe will always be, her passion. Although she has worked on a number of casework areas, Awilda primarily focused on immigration issues. Awilda’s knowledge of our immigration laws likely outstrips that of many immigration attorneys, and other elected offi-cials frequently sought out her advice and as-sistance on casework issues. It is not an ex-aggeration to say that she has helped literally thousands of my constituents obtain citizen-ship, resolve visa issues, and help family members living at home and abroad. I cannot tell you the number of times that people relate stories to me about how she helped them or a close family member resolve a problem. Awilda’s passion for The Bronx is evident in her work and in her commitment to our com-munity. She has lived in The Bronx all her life and raised both of her children in our borough. Today, she is a mother of two, Octavia Rivera and Jazmine Velez, and grandmother to Tim-othy, Noah, Camille and Andre. Awilda comes from a musical family. Her fa-ther plays the guitar and her son, Octavia Ri-vera, is a well-known artist who goes by Toby Love. Her brother is also a musician. Awilda loves music, dancing, and—above all—her family. In fact, she plans to help care for her father in Puerto Rico in the future. My constituents will deeply miss Awilda’s advocacy, her compassion, and her selfless-ness. She is a legend in the community. I am deeply grateful for Awilda’s dedication to help-ing others, and to the work that she has done for my office and my constituents. Mr. Speak-er, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Awilda Rivera for her distinguished service and extensive contributions to The Bronx and to the Nation. 
f 
HONORING TYLER SILVEUS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Tyler Silveus for his contribution to our state. During my entire tenure in Congress, Tyler has been a loyal friend and wise adviser. Tyler is also a leader in Indiana’s agriculture indus-try, serving as an executive at Silveus Insur-ance Group. He also served as a member of the 6th District Agriculture Advisory Committee where he met with my team regularly to dis-cuss emerging agriculture issues. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Tyler is a brother in Christ. I have appreciated his prayers and en-couragement over the years. I would like to thank him for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for Tyler and his family. HONORING FONDA MAGEE HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker and fellow colleagues I rise today to honor a worthy member of our society, Mrs. Fonda Magee. She earned her bachelor’s degree in ac-counting from Alcorn State University. After graduating with a degree in Accounting she worked for the IRS in Atlanta. She moved back to Mississippi and worked as a project manager for Skytel for 9 years. She taught 6th grade and 8th grade math at Siwell middle school. Later, she opened her own accounting firm named LKT Professional Tax where she has been in business for 18 years and her busi-ness continue to grow each year. Mrs. Magee founded a young girls group called YLOTS where she mentors girls and has a girls only summer camp. Her passion is working with the youth and helping to make changes in this world. She takes countless number of youths all over the states on HBCU tours, encourage each student to attend col-lege as well as educating them of the many choices out there. Mrs. Magee serves on the Youth department at her church Emmanuel Baptist to help raise money to send students to college. Mrs. Magee has been married for 25 years and together they have two girls and three foster sons. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Fonda Magee. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JIMMY GOMEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, November 14, 2018, I was inadvertently de-tained on roll call vote 418. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ASIAN AMER-ICAN PHYSICIAN ASSOCIATION’S PHYSICIAN OF THE YEAR DR. LIVELEEN M. GILL 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise to acknowledge the extraordinary achievements of Dr. Liveleen M. Gill who is recognized by the Asian American Physician Association (AAPA) as the Physician of the Year. AAPA is a not-for-profit organization comprised of 100 doctors of Indian origin. Their efforts help to utilize their expertise as physicians to serve the community by holding free health fairs and enabling inner-city stu-dents the opportunity to experience the many medical advancements in today’s practice. Dr. Gill’s passion for medicine started a world away in India where she excelled in biol-ogy-related coursework. She was a gold med-alist on her Higher Secondary Exam and she went on to complete an M.B. B.S. curriculum at Delhi University. Prior to the start of an in-ternship, Liveleen met Harbinder Singh Gill who was visiting India from the United States. History took its course and Liveleen joined Harbinger overseas in America. Dr. Liveleen Gill represents the best of the Western New York community. Dr. Gill wasted no time in becoming a diligent practitioner of medicine, starting her residency in Internal Medicine at Millard Fillmore Gates Circle. Al-though a relatively unknown physician at the time, Dr. Gill’s medical skills quickly won her the respect and admiration of her colleagues. Dr. Gill went on to a rotation at Roswell Park Cancer Institute and because of her hard work and expertise, she earned a fellowship. Dr. Gill established herself in the community by creating her own practice starting in a series of part-time, rented office spaces and growing that into her private practice which contains several examination rooms, an infusion room, nursing, billing and administrative staff. Dr. Gill is Board Certified in Medical Oncol-ogy and Internal Medicine earning her New York State Medical License in 1982. She be-longs to the AAPA and the American Society of Clinical Oncology. Dr. Gill’s practice thrived thanks to her impressive clinical skills, her conservative approach to treatment and the many wonderful relationships she developed in the field. On top of her tremendous profes-sional success, Dr. Gill is also the proud moth-er of 2 grown children Jay and Sabrina. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me to take a few moments to recognize Dr. Liveleen M. Gill. Her story of success showcases the vibrant and talented immigrants we have here in Western New York who work tirelessly to support our diverse community. I am honored to recognize the many wonderful contributions that Dr. Liveleen Gill has made to the medical field and thank her for the great care she has shown so many fellow Western New Yorkers. f 
HONORING HATTIE YOUNG 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Pastor Hattie Young. Pastor Young was born and raised in Grace, Mississippi. Her parents migrated to Scott, Mississippi and later to Greenville, Mis-sissippi. Pastor Young defied all odds as high school dropout who dared to dream and through many heartaches and pains as a single parent with three children dug her way out of poverty through faith in God. Pastor Young has received her Bachelor and Master of Science degree in Elementary Education (Mississippi Valley State University), Master of Science degree in Administration and Supervision (Delta State University), and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biblical Studies (Exodus School of the Bible). After retiring as a principal in the Greenville Public School District where through her lead-ership at Weddington Elementary School she received high scholastic marks with local, re-gional and state recognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.026 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1580 November 29, 2018 
Moving forward, Pastor Young became an entrepreneur. She is the owner of Hattie’s Kitchen. Also, she founded Word of God Min-istries, Inc. seventeen years ago. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Pastor Hattie Young for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. 
f 
HONORING FIREFIGHTER FRANCIS COOK FOR 50 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Firefighter Francis Cook for fifty years of active service with the Crown Point Fire Department. Firefighter Francis Cook has been an instru-mental member of the Crown Point Fire De-partment since he joined in 1968. He has held numerous positions in the Department, includ-ing Fire Chief for two years. Throughout his 50 years of service, Firefighter Cook dem-onstrated a superb work ethic and a commit-ment to becoming an outstanding firefighter. In 2018 alone, he responded to 96 emergency calls and attended 43 training events, totaling just over 223 active hours. He also took ad-vantage of opportunities to become a card holder for CPR and First Aid to assist with first response calls, and earned multiple NYS Fire-fighting Certifications. Mr. Cook devoted 50 years of his life to fire protection, and is an exemplary member of his community. On behalf of New York’s 21st dis-trict, I would like to thank Firefighter Cook for a lifetime of sacrifices and dedication to keep-ing the Crown Point and the surrounding com-munities safe. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on Friday, November 16. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 419 (Passage of H.R. 5787, the Strengthening Coastal Communities Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 420 (Pas-sage of H.R. 6439, the Manage our Wolves Act): NO. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MR. JIM PAGLIARINI, PRESIDENT & CEO OF TWIN CITIES PBS 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Jim Pagliarini, on his re-markable 21 years as the President and CEO of Twin Cities PBS or Twin Cities Public Tele-vision (TPT). Under Jim’s leadership, TPT has become one of this nation’s most successful, innovative and prolific public television sta-tions. While not only launching and producing popular programming and community facing initiatives, the successes of TPT have gone on to become nationwide models for how other PBS stations interact with their audiences and the communities they serve. After seeing the power that television has to educate communities, and children especially, Jim earned a Master’s degree in education from Temple University and went on to found the PBS station in Reno Nevada. He was one of the youngest station leaders in the nation at 29 years old. After successfully running the Reno PBS station, he was encouraged to apply for the position of President and CEO of TPT here in Saint Paul, Minnesota. His arrival in Saint Paul in 1997 marked the beginning of a new era for TPT. Jim is often spoken of as a keen listener who cares about the thoughts and visions of those around him. His strategic vision, as well as the staff and leadership team he oversees, has enabled TPT to be a national leader in serving the community with a variety of offer-ings both on television and the web. Twin Cit-ies Public Television is consistently one of the most viewed stations in the country and excels in offering programming and content to people at every stage of life, spanning from early childhood to later adulthood. Jim has not only been an enormous positive force for TPT, but has leveraged his talents and knowledge for the betterment of public broadcasting nation-wide. In addition to serving and being re-elected to the national PBS board, in 2006 he took a partial leave of absence to lead stra-tegic planning for all public television stations around the country. One of the many successes that TPT has had during Jim’s tenure as President and CEO has been a partnership with the state’s non- profits to help them use the power of media to broadcast their values and missions to viewers across Minnesota. This initiative helped to launch the Minnesota Channel in 2003, which became a national model for public broad-casting community partnerships. During Jim’s time at TPT, the station completed a $40 mil-lion campaign to modernize their headquarters and invest in new digital work. It was the most ambitious campaign in TPT’s history. Under Mr. Pagliarini’s leadership, Twin Cit-ies Public Television has thrived and grown into a model public broadcaster. TPT is a shining jewel for Minnesota, and the Fourth Congressional District, where it is located in Saint Paul. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Jim all the best in his retirement, and to honor him for his years of educating and enriching the lives of Minnesota residents through his work at Twin Cities Public Tele-vision. f 
HONORING SCOTT SILVEUS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Scott Silveus for his contribution to our state. During my entire tenure in Congress, Scott has been a loyal friend and wise adviser. Scott is also a leader in Indiana’s agriculture industry, serving as an executive at Silveus In-surance Group. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Scott is a brother in Christ. I have appreciated his prayers and en-couragement over the years. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. f 
CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF A PLACE CALLED HOME 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 25th anniversary of A Place Called Home, a nonprofit organization in South Los Angeles which provides a safe, nur-turing environment for local youth and families. Debrah Constance created A Place Called Home in 1993 to provide a safe haven for teens needing to escape gang violence on the streets of South Central L.A. From its humble beginnings in the basement of a church, the organization has grown into a beacon of hope and opportunity that has served more than 20,000 young people and their families. Today, under the leadership of executive di-rector Jonathan Zeichner and a committed board of directors and staff, A Place Called Home offers programs that prepare young people for employment or higher education. These young people also receive opportunities to access counseling, tutoring, college scholar-ships, vocational preparation, and internships. The organization offers classes for parents as well. A Place Called Home is a focal point for many community activities. Its Marion Brucker Community Auditorium hosts a theater pro-gram, as well as cultural events, town hall meetings, and candidate debates. The organi-zation also hosts events for the community throughout the year, including meals and dis-tributions of food, beds, clothing, books, toys, and school supplies. In addition, A Place Called Home teaches the importance of civic and community en-gagement, and provides opportunities for com-munity service throughout the year. It also fea-tures three gardens where young people grow and harvest organic fruits, vegetables and flowers. As A Place Called Home reaches 25 years of service, it remains fully committed to ele-vating the lives and futures of young people growing up in challenging circumstances, so they can become the leaders, healers, teach-ers, scientists, farmers, and builders our coun-try needs. The organization embraces social and economic justice for all. It stands for the rights and well-being of all peoples, no matter who they are, where they come from, or how they worship. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of all the stu-dents, families, and communities helped by A Place Called Home, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating this distinguished or-ganization on its 25th anniversary. I wish A Place Called Home the very best as it con-tinues its mission of helping underserved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.030 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1581 November 29, 2018 
youth improve their economic conditions and lead healthy, fulfilling, and purposeful lives. 
f 
HONORING MORNING STAR BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical church, Morning Star Baptist Church of Robinsonville, Mississippi. Morning Star Baptist Church has been a cornerstone for many Black Families in the Robinsonville, MS area since the late 1800’s. Morning Star Baptist Church is in northwest Mississippi in Tunica County, Mississippi at 4816 Kirby Road, Robinsonville, MS 38664. Over the 120-year history of Morning Star Baptist Church, the leadership and members have endeavored to serve the community. Morning Star Baptist Church began in Au-gust the 14th day of 1898 as a spiritual space for the Dunn Family and Kirby Plantation. It began on Kirby Road on this very same land site in a log cabin with a small group of Chris-tians. Morning Star Church started with a prayer meeting and Sunday School. Mr. Wal-ter Dunn, Sr. and Mrs. Lizzie Dunn family was granted the use of the land for Morning Star Church in the late 1800s by Mr. John Ander-son Kirby. The Pastors of Morning Star Baptist Church have worked to show strong leadership in the community. Pastor Sam Brown was the 1st Pastor and he laid the first Corner Stone in 1898. Morning Star Church has a list of Pas-tors ‘‘Godly Shepherds’’ who have helped to advance the important work in northwest Mis-sissippi: 1.—Pastor Sam Brown, 2.—Pastor Tom Matton, 3.—Pastor Stackhouse, 4.—Pas-tor E.P. Johnson, 5.—Pastor Wallace, 6.— Pastor Lundon, 7.—Pastor Brown, 8.—Pastor Warn Thomas, 9.—Pastor Gabe White, 10.— Pastor Brown, 11.—Pastor Underwood, 12.— Pastor Jinkins (Great Worker), 13.—Pastor Henry, 14.—Pastor C.H. Payne [He laid the second corner stone in 1926], 15.—Pastor R.B. Starks, 16.—Pastor Holden, 17.—Pastor J.L. Linzy, 18.—Pastor R.H. Hendrick, 19.— Pastor A.W. Parker, 20.—Pastor I.S. Lewis, 21.—Pastor Lundy Jones, Jr., and 22.—Pastor Charles Bowles (current Pastor). Mr. Willie Dunn, the son of Mr. Walter Dunn, Sr., carried on the productive church work of his father at Morning Star Baptist Church for many years. As a community family church, Morning Star Baptist Church evolved from the original log cabin, to a wooden structure, to a concrete block building, to the current new brick church. The ‘‘Old White Brick’’ Morning Star Baptist Church building was a ‘‘good building’’ that had simply worn down over time since it was rebuilt in 1963. During the early 1990’s to 2003, the Morning Star Church Members under the leadership of Pastor Lundy Jones, Jr. and Deacon Louis Harris, Sr. had to do several major structural repairs to the building. The plumbing, septic tank, and the floors had to be repaired and replaced. The shifting of the building foundation caused the walls to crack and a cable system had to be attached to the walls to keep them from falling. During the winter months, it was bone chilling cold and during the summer months, it was sweltering hot because the building only had ceiling and floor fans. The Deacons would also arrive early on Sunday mornings to chase out the snakes, wasps, and other pests. After years of doing construction work to maintain the Old Church Building, and with the need to expand the Old White Brick Church building, a critical decision had to be made. Around the new Millennial of 2000, Deacon James E. Dunn provided leadership and shared his vi-sion with the Church Leaders that it would be more cost effective to build a new church than to continue to repair the old building along with the expansion project. Morning Star Church Members under the leadership of the Deacons started to talk about the need for a new Sanctuary. After twelve months or more of talking, planning, thinking, and praying, the process to build a new Morning Star Church- Sanctuary was agreed upon. In January of 2002, under the inspirational leadership of Deacon James E. Dunn, the be-ginning concept of the ‘‘New Building’’ for Morning Star M.B. Church was accepted by the Morning Star Leadership. In January of 2003, Deacon James E. Dunn transformed his ideas and his professional building designs for the (New) Morning Star Church into a working building plan that was developed with the as-sistance of Architects Wenzel and Associates on May 14, 2003. On April 19, 2003, a ground-breaking cere-mony was conducted for the expansion of Morning Star Baptist Church Building. At that time, the Morning Star Church Family was presented with the Deed of Trust for the land by Mr. James and Mrs. Louise (Kirby) Ellis. October of 2004, was the start of the phys-ical construction of the (‘‘New’’) Morning Star Church Building. Deacon James E. Dunn vol-unteered his time and service along with Tay-lor Construction to lay the concrete. On July 3, 2005, the Morning Star Baptist Church Congregation walked over from the Old Morning Star Church to the (New) Morn-ing Star Sanctuary for the 1st Sunday Wor-ship. Since that time, Morning Star Baptist Church Family has continued to grow phys-ically and spiritually. Morning Star Baptist Church continues today along with other churches in Tunica County to serve the needs of the African American Communities. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Morning Star Baptist Church for its dedication to serving our community and great country. 
f 
ENCINAL VETERANS POST OFFICE 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present H.R. 1211, which will re-name the post office facility located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Vet-erans Post Office’’. This bill, shows our appre-ciation to our veterans and ensures their serv-ice and sacrifices to our country is not forgot-ten. Across my district, fine men and women of all walks of life have honorably served our country. It is critical that we honor their service and dedication to our nation. Dedicating this post office to our veterans will serve as an en-during reminder of the sacrifices that our friends, neighbors, and family made while serving their country. These individuals put country ahead of self, and I am proud to rec-ognize them with the dedication of this post-of-fice facility. Today, I want to acknowledge the service of Judge Frank Weikel of Encinal. Judge Weikel enlisted in the United States Navy after high school and served for eight years. After his discharge from the Navy he worked at several companies before serving on the Encinal City Council and as Mayor Pro tempore. Eventu-ally, he was elected Justice of the Peace for Precinct 2 in La Salle County. The courage and dedication of Judge Weikel represents what it really means to be an American. He is amongst the many vet-erans in the State of Texas, and across the nation, who have served their country faith-fully. I would also like to take a moment to thank the veterans’ organizations throughout my dis-trict for their tireless work in providing the care our veterans need. And in the words of Presi-dent John F. Kennedy, ‘‘as we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the high-est appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them’’. f 
RECOGNIZING AUDRA M CGEORGE 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to the Foreign Affairs Committee’s Communications Director, Audra McGeorge, for her nearly 13 years of service to my team. Her honesty, in-telligence, dedication and humor have been tremendous assets to my office. While serving in my personal office, Audra’s tireless hard work was consistently recognized and applauded by peers, constituents and congressional liaison offices. Starting as a staff associate and working her way into a senior staff position as my communications di-rector, Audra excelled in the Hill’s challenging and demanding work environment. She helped me navigate the new opportunities provided by digital media, including telephone town halls and website redesigns. It was also her cre-ativity and hard work that started my first an-nual women’s conference and made following conferences a success. While excelling at her demanding work duties, Audra concurrently earned a master’s degree in national security. When I became Chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee six years ago, I knew Audra would provide critical insight, so I had her bring her talents to the Committee. From de-manding CODELs to high profile hearings to prominent foreign dignitary meetings to land-mark legislation, Audra has handled her duties with expertise and a charming spirit. She has been a critical part of the Committee’s many accomplishments—reforming food aid, com-bating the significant obstacles facing women and girls worldwide, and tackling wildlife traf-ficking. I cannot thank Audra enough—especially for all of the laughs we’ve shared over the years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.035 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1582 November 29, 2018 
It is without question that she will succeed in her future endeavors. Best wishes, Audra. 
f 
HONORING JOSH OWENS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Josh Owens, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. Josh served in my Washington, D.C. office as an economic policy adviser during my first term in Congress. In that role, he served as the staff lead for our work on the House Budg-et Committee, he helped develop legislation, and advised me on economic policy issues. Since leaving our office, Josh has taught eco-nomics at Butler and Indiana University and now serves as the CEO of SupplyKick, a thriv-ing Indianapolis-based online marketplace re-tailer. On a personal note, I cherish my friendship with Josh and his parents. Josh and I are both proud alums of Wabash College too. I wish him and Andy continued success in all that re-mains ahead for their family. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT MICHAEL CHESNA 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Weymouth Police Sergeant, Michael Chesna. Sergeant Chesna’s life was defined by many things but, above all else, the word we keep hearing alongside his name is ‘‘service.’’ He dreamed of being a police officer, while growing up in the town he would one day come to serve. Those dreams would be de-ferred, as he was called to serve his country overseas first. His two tours of duty in Iraq and Afghani-stan during 2007 and 2010 with the 10th Mountain Division were the deadliest years of each campaign. Michael served with distinc-tion in the United States Army and was award-ed the Purple Heart. After leaving the military, Michael realized his dream career as a police officer, some-thing he had wanted to do since he was 5 years old. It was in that time, he bought a house with his loving wife, Cynthia, and two children, Olivia and Jack, in Hanover. In that role, he had the opportunity to work in and around a community he held so dear. Tragically, Sergeant Chesna was killed one day before his sixth anniversary on the force, but his commitment to duty, his family, and his community will be remembered for years to come. Throughout his 42 years, Sergeant Mi-chael Chesna dedicated his life to serving something greater than himself, and ultimately gave his life protecting others. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the life of Sergeant Michael Chesna. I ask that my col-leagues join me in recognizing his many years of dedication to his community and his coun-try. f 
AMERICA MUST DENY PUTIN HIS IMPERIAL AMBITIONS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Vladimir Putin has again reminded the world that he has no respect for international law, sov-ereignty of neighboring states, or peace in our world. Since 2014, Russia has illegally occu-pied Crimea and fueled a war in Eastern Ukraine. That followed Moscow’s 2008 inva-sion of Georgia where its forces still occupy Georgian territory. Now, Russian forces have conducted another act of unprovoked aggres-sion by blocking the Kerch Strait and attacking Ukrainian naval vessels in the Black Sea. This act of war is just another chapter in Putin’s violent conquest of his neighbors’ terri-tory. His goal is to restore the power of Rus-sia’s imperial past. To do so requires seizing the lands and waters that were once con-trolled by Moscow and denying the right of free peoples to determine their own fate. Putin, an authoritarian thug, fears the demo-cratic aspirations of nations that have shed the tyranny of the old Russian and Soviet orders. The success of the Color Revolutions in Ukraine and Georgia and their growing inte-gration with the West strikes fear into the heart of a dictator like Putin, who relies on brutality and fear to cling to power. To survive, he has falsely framed the rising tide of democ-racy in the post-Soviet space as a threat to Russia, when in fact it is only a threat to Putin and his oligarch friends. The illegal annexation of Crimea and this week’s seizure of the Sea of Azov are Putin’s attempt to intimidate and undermine Ukraine’s nascent democracy. By controlling these key strategic points, Putin believes he can dem-onstrate that only the Kremlin can ensure se-curity and prosperity in the region and that Eu-rope and America care little for the plight of Ukrainians. Instead it shows that Putin is a belligerent thug who only has violence and de-spair to offer. We Americans must stand with Ukraine. The Ukrainian people want to share in the freedom and wealth we long ago secured for ourselves by breaking the chains of foreign tyranny. Americans did not fight alone when we gained our independence, and Ukraine should not be left to fight alone either. We must develop a grand strategy to halt Putin’s aggression and liberate the areas he illegally seized. This does not mean a direct conflict between the United States and Russia, but it does require us to act before Putin becomes so confident that he does attempt a direct as-sault on us or our NATO allies. America has the tools and leverage to thwart Putin’s wicked ambitions—it’s time to use them. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING KENZIE KITTLE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 29, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Kenzie Kittle, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Kenzie served in my Washington, D.C. of-fice during my first and second term in Con-gress, as a staff assistant and later as our press secretary. In that role, she helped lead our communications effort on social media and assisted countless constituents from our Dis-trict. Since leaving our office, Kenzie has man-aged social media accounts for major U.S. companies and now works as a Social Media Strategist at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In addition, she runs a thriving life and style blog, called Simply J&K, covering fashion, food, drinks and more. On a personal note, Kenzie is a positive spirit and kind soul with a big smile. Literally, every day, Kenzie made our office a better place to work, and she was a valuable mem-ber of our team. I want to thank Kenzie for her friendship and her hard work in our office. I wish her and Jor-dan continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.002 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1219 Thursday, November 29, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7197–S7249 Measures Introduced: Twenty-three bills and seven resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3675–3697, S.J. Res. 66–68, S. Res. 711–712, and S. Con. Res. 53–54.
                                         Pages S7241–42 
Measures Reported: S. 3277, to reduce regulatory burdens and stream-line processes related to commercial space activities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–397) H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civ-ilized Tribes of Oklahoma. (S. Rept. No. 115–398) H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community. (S. Rept. No. 115–399) S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect en-dangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–400) S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–401) H.R. 315, to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. H.R. 1872, to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China. H.R. 2075, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Or-egon to facilitate fire prevention and response activi-ties to protect private property, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. H.R. 2646, to reauthorize the United States-Jor-dan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. H.R. 4819, to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa. H.R. 4989, to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location-track-ing consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities. H.R. 5655, to establish the Camp Nelson Herit-age National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international secu-rity, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute and with an amended preamble. S. 90, to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas. S. 941, to withdraw certain National Forest Sys-tem land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park County, Mon-tana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States. S. 1219, to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1787, to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992. S. 2076, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1220 November 29, 2018 
S. 2249, to permanently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Management Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Management Program, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3482, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program. S. 3657, to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain In-jury program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                          Pages S7240–41 
Measures Passed: National Flood Insurance Program Extension: Senate passed H.R. 7187, to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until December 7, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S7246 
National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 3628, to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, and the bill was then passed.
         Page S7246 
Disappearance of David Sneddon: Senate agreed to S. Res. 92, expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon.
                                  Pages S7246–47 
National Family Service Learning Week: Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 688, expressing support for the designation of the week of November 19 through November 23, 2018, as ‘‘National Family Service Learning Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S7247 
Condemning Russia’s actions against the Ukrainian Navy: Committee on Foreign Relations was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 709, condemning Russia’s provocative actions in the Kerch Strait against the Ukrainian navy, and the res-olution was then agreed to.
                                  Page S7247 
Printing of the pocket version of the U.S. Con-stitution: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 54, author-izing the printing of the 26th edition of the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S7247 
Authorizing use of official office funds: Senate agreed to S. Res. 712, authorizing the use of official office funds to purchase the pocket version of the Constitution of the United States.
            Pages S7247–48 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Majority Leader and Senator Murkowski be author-ized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Friday, November 30, 2018.
                        Page S7248 
Farr Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of North Carolina.
                          Page S7199 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the order of Wednesday, November 28, 2018, with respect to the nomination, be vitiated and that notwithstanding Rule XXII, it be in order to move to proceed to the nomination the week of December 3, 2018, and that if the motion is agreed to, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate. 
                                                                             Pages S7199–S7210 Kobes Nomination—Cloture: Senate resumed con-sideration of the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit.
                                            Page S7210 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 49 nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. EX. 251), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
        Page S7210 
Kraninger Nomination—Cloture: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection.
                          Pages S7213–21 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 252), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S7213–14 
McNamee Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission.
              Page S7222 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, November 29, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, De-cember 3, 2018.
                                                 Pages S7222–25 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S7221 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7222 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 3 p.m. on Monday, Decem-ber 3, 2018; and that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the cloture vote on the nomination occur at 5:30 p.m.
                                                                                  Page S7248 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 10 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:58 Apr 08, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\D29NO8.REC D29NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1221 November 29, 2018 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S7248–49 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7238 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7238 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7238 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7238–40 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7241 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7242–43 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7243–45 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7236–38 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7245–46 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7246 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7246 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—252)
                                           Pages S7210, S7213–14 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:46 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Friday, No-vember 30, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7248.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Thomas McCaffery, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and William Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Administrator, National Nu-clear Security Administration, Department of En-ergy, after the nominees testified and answered ques-tions in their own behalf. COMBATING FORMS OF ILLICIT FINANCE Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine com-bating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on regulator and law enforcement perspectives on reform, after receiving testimony from Kenneth A. Blanco, Director, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, and Grovetta N. Gardineer, Senior Deputy Comptroller for Compliance and Community Affairs, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, both of the Department of the Treasury; and Steven M. D’Antuono, Section Chief, Criminal Investigative Division, Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, Department of Justice. ENERGY LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Energy concluded a hearing to exam-ine S. 1089, to require the Secretary of Energy to re-view and update a report on the energy and environ-mental benefits of the re-refining of used lubricating oil, S. 1713, to require certain financial assistance under the State energy program and the Weatheriza-tion Assistance Program to be distributed without undue delay to support State and local high-impact energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives, S. 1875, to move the United States toward greater en-ergy independence and security, to increase the flexi-bility, efficiency, and reliability of the electric grid, to increase the competitiveness of the United States economy, to protect consumers, and to improve the energy performance of the Federal Government, S. 2257, to establish the IMPACT for Energy Founda-tion, S. 2803, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to improve the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels, S. 2968, to amend the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 to clarify whistleblower rights and protections, S. 3088, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to prepare veterans for careers in the energy industry, including the solar, wind, cybersecurity, and other low-carbon emissions sectors or zero-emissions sec-tors of the energy industry, S. 3295, to improve en-ergy performance in Federal buildings, S. 3376, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an en-ergy storage research program, a demonstration and deployment program, and a technical assistance and grant program, S. 3422, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish advanced nuclear goals, provide for a versatile, reactor-based fast neutron source, make available high-assay, low-enriched uranium for research, development, and demonstration of ad-vanced nuclear reactor concepts, S. 3495, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, S. 3618 and H.R. 6511, bills to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Strategic Petroleum Reserve facilities, H.R. 6398, to authorize the De-partment of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Enhanc-ing State Energy Security Planning and Emergency Preparedness Act’’, after receiving testimony from Representative Barton; and Mark W. Menezes, Under Secretary of Energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1222 November 29, 2018 
NOMINATION Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tion of Alexandra Dapolito Dunn, of Virginia, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the Environmental Protection Agency, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Whitehouse, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 2076, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3530, to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3657, to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain In-jury program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3482, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program; H.R. 315, to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services; and The nominations of Erhard R. Chorle, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board, Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary of Education for Postsecondary Education, and John P. Pallasch, of Kentucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7187–7202; 6 resolutions, H.J. Res. 142; H. Con. Res. 142–143; and H. Res. 1161–1163 were introduced.
                      Pages H9742–43 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9744 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5759, to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1055); and H.R. 6140, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish and carry out a program to support the availability of HA–LEU for domestic commercial use, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1056).
                                                      Page H9742 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Poliquin to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9693 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:59 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9699 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Pastor William Hild, Jr., First Sara-sota Baptist Church, Sarasota, Florida.
           Page H9699 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H9699, H9730 Directing the Speaker to administer the oath of office to the representative-elect from the 13th Congressional District of Michigan: The House agreed to H. Res. 1161, directing the Speaker to ad-minister the oath of office to the representative-elect from the 13th Congressional District of Michigan. 
                                                                                            Page H9700 
Oath of Office—Thirteenth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan: Representative-elect Brenda Jones presented herself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a copy of the Certificate of Election received from the Honor-able Ruth Johnson, the Michigan Secretary of State, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Brenda Jones was elected Representative to Congress for the Thirteenth Congressional Dis-trict, State of Michigan.
                                         Page H9700 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentlewoman from Michi-gan, the whole number of the House is 433. 
                                                                                            Page H9700 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:36 p.m. and re-convened at 3:30 p.m.
                                            Page H9703 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1223 November 29, 2018 
Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjust-ment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Des-ignation Act—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 1160, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to estab-lish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, by a yea-and-nay vote of 219 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 423, after the previous question was ordered without objection. 
                                                                Pages H9703–10, H9729–30 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Extending the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram until December 7, 2018: H.R. 7187, to ex-tend the National Flood Insurance Program until December 7, 2018, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 350 yeas to 46 nays, Roll No. 424.
     Pages H9710–14, H9730 
Federal Agency Customer Experience Act: H.R. 2846, amended, to require the collection of vol-untary feedback on services provided by agencies; 
                                                                                    Pages H9714–16 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the collection of voluntary customer service feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H9716 
All-American Flag Act: H.R. 3121, amended, to require the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government;
                                                        Pages H9716–17 
Inspector General Access Act: H.R. 3154, to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General;
                                                                  Pages H9717–20 
21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act: H.R. 5759, amended, to improve executive agency digital services; and
                                          Pages H9720–22 
Settlement Agreement Information Database Act of 2018: H.R. 6777, to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of settlement agreements.
                                   Pages H9722–23 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Of-fice’’: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H9725–26 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 1210, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’.                  Page H9726 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Of-fice’’: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and pass H.R. 1211, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page H9726 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 3184, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Char-lottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page H9726 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1211 Towanda Avenue in Bloomington, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 4326, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1211 Towanda Avenue in Bloomington, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’, as amended by Representative Comer.
                                            Page H9726 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 West North Street in Normal, Illi-nois, as the ‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9726 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alex-andria Gleason-Morrow Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 5395, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason-Morrow Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H9726–27 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brent-wood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 5412, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1224 November 29, 2018 
New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’.
                                            Page H9727 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’: The House agreed to dis-charge from committee and pass H.R. 6216, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Of-fice’’.
                                                                                 Page H9727 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6217, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’.
                                Page H9727 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6405, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’.
      Page H9727 
Frank Leone Post Office Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6428, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oak-land, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9727 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Athens, Alabama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Hor-ton, Jr. Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6513, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Ath-ens, Alabama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post Office Building’’.
                                    Pages H9727–28 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6621, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9728 Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6628, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’.
            Page H9728 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 44160 State Highway 299 East Suite 1 in McArthur, California, as the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 44160 State Highway 299 East Suite 1 in McArthur, California, as the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’.
                                    Page H9728 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 35 West Main Street in Frisco, Colorado, as the ‘‘Patrick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to dis-charge from committee and pass H.R. 6831, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 35 West Main Street in Frisco, Colorado, as the ‘‘Patrick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Build-ing’’.
                                                                                 Page H9728 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 128 East Carlisle Street in Marion, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Ollie M. James Post Office Building’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6838, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 128 East Carlisle Street in Marion, Ken-tucky, as the ‘‘Ollie M. James Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9728 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 3414, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page H9729 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 3442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Of-fice’’.
                                                                                 Page H9729 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1225 November 29, 2018 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Federal CIO Authorization Act of 2018: H.R. 6901, amended, to amend chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, to make certain changes relating to electronic Government services.
           Pages H9723–25 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H9699–H9700 and H9703. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9729–30 and H9730. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
U.S. POLICY TOWARD SYRIA (PART II) Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Syria (Part II)’’. Testimony was heard from James F. Jeffrey, Special Representa-tive for Syria Engagement, Department of State; and Robert Jenkins, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment. EVALUATING FEDERAL DISASTER RESPONSE AND RECOVERY EFFORTS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating Fed-eral Disaster Response and Recovery Efforts’’. Testi-mony was heard from William B. Long, Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Management Agency; Major General Scott A. Spellmon, Deputy Com-manding General for Civil and Emergency Oper-ations, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; and a public witness. REVIEW OF RECENT GAO REPORTS ON ICEBREAKER ACQUISITION AND THE NEED FOR A NATIONAL MARITIME STRATEGY Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Recent GAO Reports on Icebreaker Acquisition and the Need for a National Maritime Strategy’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Michael J. Haycock, Assistant Commandant for Acquisition and Chief Acquisition Officer, U.S. Coast Guard; Rear Admiral Mark H. Buzby, U.S. Navy (Ret.), Administrator, Maritime Administration; Marie A. Mak, Director of Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office; Andrew Von Ah, Director of Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and Ronald O’Rourke, Specialist in Naval Affairs, Congressional Research Service, Li-brary of Congress. VA’S DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF POLICY INITIATIVES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘VA’s Development and Implementa-tion of Policy Initiatives’’. Testimony was heard from Paul R. Lawrence, Under Secretary for Benefits, Vet-erans Benefits Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; Michael J. Missal, Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS REFORM Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Proc-ess Reform: Committee concluded a markup of the Committee’s report, recommendations, and legisla-tive language. The bill and accompanying report were not agreed to. COMPUTATIONAL PROPAGANDA Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on how to defeat com-putational propaganda from Matt Chessen, Acting Deputy Science and Technology Advisor to the Sec-retary of State; and Karen Kornbluh, German Mar-shall Fund of the United States, and Nina Jankowicz, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars Kennan Institute, both of Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1226 November 29, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, December 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture there-on at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, November 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 88—Re-tirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act and the Tax-payer First Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1572 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1575, E1581 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1575 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1574 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1577 Gomez, Jimmy, Calif., E1579 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1578 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1571, E1579 Keating, William R., Mass., E1577, E1582 Kelly, Robin L., Ill., E1572 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1580 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1572, E1573, E1574, E1575, E1576, E1577, E1579, E1580, E1582, E1582 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1571, E1575 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1574, E1578, E1582 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1580 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1572, E1576, E1581 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1571 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E1578 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1577 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1576, E1580 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1580 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1572, E1573, E1575, E1575, E1576, E1577, E1578, E1579, E1579, E1581 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29NO8.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST