Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5155 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 2018 No. 99 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 14, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDY K. W
EBER , Sr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
OUR LEADERS SHOULD KNOW BETTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday, a group of about 30 of us, in-cluding 10 Members of Congress, de-cided we had had enough of this admin-istration’s policy to scar children for life by taking them away from their parents when they turn themselves in to American authorities and ask for asylum. We went down to the Ronald Reagan Building on 14th Street because we had not heard from the three Cabinet Mem-bers we had written last week to give us answers about where the children at the border have been taken to and what our government was going to do to reunite them with their parents. So JOHN LEWIS, JOECROWLEY , JAN S
CHAKOWSKY , A LGREEN , R AU´LGRI-
JALVA , A DRIANO ESPAILLAT , and I, joined by hundreds of allies, went down to the CBP headquarters to protest their action and their secrecy. And when we blocked the entrance to the building—ironically, a building named for the man who gave the fa-mous shining city on a hill speech, who spoke so eloquently about immigrants, and was no fan of walls—yes, we blocked the entrance to the Ronald Reagan Building, but the Border Patrol did not arrest us. No, they feel comfortable arresting 10-year-olds and taking 10-month-old babies from their moms and dads, but when 10 Members of Congress show up to demand answers they get a little camera shy, a little weak-kneed. But we will be back and we will do it again and again if we have to. Right now, today, there are people who lawfully enter the United States and ask for asylum under our laws and international law, and then they are taken straight to jail to await Federal prosecution. And if they have children, the officers think of some pretext, maybe telling the parents that they are taking the child for food or for a bath, and then the kids never return, simply disappear, kidnapped. Many are taken to facilities that are hundreds or thousands of miles away. The parent is given a mass trial, so their individual case may never be heard or evaluated, and most are de-ported back to the country they fled to face continuing violence and rape again and again. And are their children given back to them? Well, we don’t know. We can’t get answers, which is why we went yes-terday. Then on Monday Attorney General Sessions had one of the most stunning, newspeak, 1984, mind-control moments we have ever heard. He said that if a man beats a woman, or if a family is systematically extorted, threatened, targeted by a gang, that that is a pri-vate matter and cannot be the basis of an asylum claim. Rape and abuse, that is just a private matter, according to the Attorney Gen-eral, between a man and a woman. Ac-cording to the chief law enforcement officer of our country, that is just a private matter between a man and a woman, between the family and the gang of terrorists they are facing. Only in the Trump administration could someone say something so thor-oughly and utterly wrong, dangerous, ridiculous. My friend, T
REYGOWDY , is a Repub-lican who is known around here on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and the Judiciary Com-mittee as a pretty no-nonsense former prosecutor. I went to his website to look at his biography. You can all Google it. It says it right there: ‘‘As 7th Circuit Solicitor, Trey led an office of 25 attorneys and 65 total employees. During his tenure, he started a Vio-lence Against Women Task Force.’’ Right there in his official bio. So wife beating isn’t a private matter in South Carolina. If you are being beaten, raped, or tortured by your do-mestic partner, your husband, the po-lice, the prosecutor, the judge will get involved because it isn’t a private mat-ter in South Carolina or anywhere in the United States of America. Go listen to T
REY GOWDY ’s speeches on the YouTube channel or his Facebook. Watch the video of his speech on the House floor in support of the Violence Against Women Act. T
REY G
OWDY will move you to tears no mat-ter what your political party or ideo-logical persuasion. But according to the Attorney Gen-eral, it is a private matter between a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.000 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5156 June 14, 2018 
man and a woman. He expects every domestic violence victim to hire their own lawyer and sue their husband to get a court order and be protected. We have a prosecutor for domestic vi-olence in Cook County and probably every county in the United States of America. This is a matter of public health, law enforcement and, come on, this is a matter of good men and women living by a moral code that says we should help those in danger when the weak are being preyed upon by the strong. But apparently not to our Attorney General or President. To them, those are private matters. That is just wrong. Sleeping with an adult film star and then paying thousands of dollars to keep it quiet, that is a private matter to be worked out between private at-torneys. Fleeing death, and violence, and rape, and torture, that is a public matter, and our leaders should know better. 
f 
EFFECTS OF THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, Chaz Karidis of Madison County, Illinois, had dreams of being a husband and a fa-ther. His family said he wanted to be a good role model for his younger broth-er. Sadly, those dreams came to an end in November of 2013 when Chaz’s mom, Kari, received a phone call that no par-ent wants to receive. Kari learned that Chaz had lost his battle with heroin ad-diction just after his 23rd birthday. As a parent and a grandparent, I can’t imagine the agony in receiving that call. This painful loss of a child led Kari to launch a nonprofit that provides support and assistance to the compan-ions of people suffering from addiction. Sadly, organizations like Kari’s are needed now more than ever. In 2016, there were almost 2,000 opioid overdose fatalities in Illinois alone. That is nearly twice the number of fa-talities that occur in motor vehicle ac-cidents. Opioid overdose deaths have in-creased 82 percent between 2013 and 2016 in Illinois; not counting how much it has increased around this Nation. These aren’t just numbers, and they aren’t just statistics. These are moms and dads and sons and daughters and neighbors and friends. Addiction doesn’t care about your race, your income, your gender, or your politics. That is why I am proud to join my Republican and Democrat friends this week in the passing of leg-islation that focuses on treatment and recovery, prevention, protecting our communities, and fighting against syn-thetic drugs. If we work together, we can save lives and continue to restore hope in our communities. To the folks at home, if you see someone struggling with addiction, please encourage them to seek help through the local drug and alcohol treatment centers. Don’t wait for a phone call, the one you want never to come. f 
FATHER’S DAY AND PAID FAMILY LEAVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, it is al-most Father’s Day, a good time to think about the fathers in our lives and in the families we are honored to rep-resent. I think about the families in Northwest Oregon, and I know that too many are still facing challenges. Too many are still struggling to make ends meet. Their paycheck, if they are for-tunate to have one, just isn’t enough to pay the bills, and it is hard for them to even think of saving for the future. One policy that can make a big dif-ference in the lives of families is paid leave. It is an economic issue for work-ing families; and we need to recognize that both women and men need to be able to take paid time off when a child is born, or to care for their children or other family members when they need them. In Oregon, our parental and family medical leave laws cover more people and have stronger protections than current Federal law, and I applaud those efforts; but there are still far too many workers across the country who are not able to care for a sick child or aging parents because they cannot pay their rent or buy groceries if they lose a day of work. According to the Department of Labor, only 15 percent of workers in the United States have access to paid family leave through their employers. And although some employers recog-nize the importance of providing paid leave for all working people, most still do not. Outdated gender norms in too many workplaces often pressure men, espe-cially those in jobs without paid leave, to limit their time away from work for caregiving. We need to see a cultural shift in our societal expectations about men as caregivers, and we need to dis-mantle the stigma that being a care-giver is incompatible with success in the workforce. Congress should get serious about supporting families and enact a mean-ingful paid family leave law. We should pass the FAMILY Act, legislation that will provide much-needed financial se-curity to working people and their families and provide certainty for busi-nesses. A national paid family and medical leave program would help to foster a healthier and more equitable society. It would help to bring our Nation’s policies more in line with the needs of our families and our workforce, and it would be a very meaningful way to say Happy Father’s Day. THE HOUSE IS TACKLING THE OPIOID CRISIS HEAD-ON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the efforts the House is undertaking this week to combat our Nation’s opioid crisis. We will consider dozens of bills this week that are aimed at fight-ing the crisis next door that affects our families, our friends, and our loved ones. Mr. Speaker, as you know, there is a nationwide epidemic of heroin and pre-scription drug abuse that is resulting in drastic increases in addiction rates, overdose deaths, and incarceration. No zip code in this country is immune from this crisis. Heroin and pain pill addiction does not discriminate on age, race, gender or socioeconomic class. Your neighbor could be using heroin, or so could their high-honors high school student. It is the public health crisis of this genera-tion. As a senior member of the House Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, I want to highlight some of the work that we have done to help combat this pandemic. The committee has col-laboratively worked in a bipartisan manner to introduce and support the following bills: H.R. 5889, which requires Health and Human Services to provide resources to early childhood care and education pro-viders, as well as professionals working with young children, on ways to prop-erly recognize and respond to children impacted by trauma related to sub-stance abuse. H.R. 5890, which calls on the HHS to re-evaluate plans under the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to ensure the safe care of infants af-fected by prenatal substance abuse. H.R. 5891 establishes interagency task forces to effectively and effi-ciently assist families who have been impacted by substance abuse disorders. H.R. 5892 establishes an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Work-place to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the department can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace. I am proud to be a cosponsor of all these bills, and I urge my colleagues to support them as well. Mr. Speaker, the House is working to not only address this crisis, but combat it and overcome it. We will do so through treatment and recovery, through prevention, by protecting our communities, and by fighting fentanyl and other ever-changing synthetic or foreign illicit drugs. No person can beat addiction alone, and overcoming this epidemic will not only take a community-wide effort, but a nationwide effort, and that is what we are prepared to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.002 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5157 June 14, 2018 
b1015 OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, with the opioid and heroin crisis, the American people are currently facing one of the worst drug epidemics in our Nation’s history. My State of Colorado is cer-tainly not immune. In my travels throughout the Third Congressional District, from Pueblo to Moffat County, up and down the west slope, through the San Luis Valley, I hear of more lives lost with each pass-ing year. Opioid addiction knows no bounds, and even the most innocent have been affected. This last year, when I toured Parkview Medical Center in Pueblo, Colorado, and visited the unit that treats babies who are born with neo-natal abstinence syndrome, which means that they were exposed to opi-ates before they were born and suffer withdrawal at the moment of birth, you see a truly heartbreaking situa-tion. To see the most vulnerable suf-fering from withdrawal symptoms is something that touches the heart of every American. But it also served as a reminder that we must be more aggres-sive and more inventive in our efforts to be able to end this epidemic. Opioid abuse is multifaceted, and there is not just one solution that will solve this problem. That is why I have held more than 30 opioid roundtables in various communities throughout my district, to be able to hear from healthcare providers, law enforcement officers, and first responders on the front lines of the fight against addic-tion; to learn how the Federal Govern-ment can play a better role in sup-porting those efforts. In these roundtables, I have learned that opioid abuse often begins in the last place that you would expect it to: the doctor’s office or a hospital emer-gency room. For example, a person who sprained their ankle while skiing may go to their doctor to be receiving pain medication for their injury. This medi-cation may provide relief from the pain, but it can also provide an intense sense of euphoria. From there, there is the possibility that an addiction is born. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, of those who began using opioids in the 2000s, a whopping 75 percent reported that their first opioid was a prescription drug. Colorado has the 12th highest rate of abuse of prescription opioids across the Nation. In response to the rising num-ber of Coloradans becoming addicted through prescribed opioids, the Colo-rado Hospital Association launched a pilot program in 10 hospital emergency departments across the State with the goal of reducing prescribed opioids by 15 percent. This program was so suc-cessful that it actually achieved a 36 percent reduction. I am glad that, this week, the House passed a series of more than 20 bills in a bipartisan effort to curb opioid addic-tion. Included in this series was the bill I was proud to help introduce called the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act. This bill would allow programs similar to the one in Colorado to be tested in hospital emergency departments across the Na-tion, helping to ensure that people who do not need opioids are never exposed to them in the first place. Mr. Speaker, I stand here proud of the collective work accomplished in the House this week, but recognizing that this crisis will not be solved over-night, and we still have a long road ahead. It is not an issue that is going to be solved solely by the Federal Gov-ernment. It is going to take a collabo-rative effort with our States, our local governments, and our families as well in addressing this problem. We must continue to work together to end the stigma surrounding opioid abuse and find innovative solutions that will end this crisis for good. 
f 
SARA THOMPSON—PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, America’s Peace Corps and those vol-unteers are our angels abroad. They represent the very best in America. Here with us today in the gallery, we have one of those brave volunteers, Ms. Sara Thompson. Since she was a little girl, Sara dreamed of helping rural communities in Africa. When she grew up, the Peace Corps gave her that perfect oppor-tunity. She served in Burkina Faso, where she worked to keep girls in school. Unfortunately, her dream turned into a tragedy when the Peace Corps pre-scribed medication called mefloquine to protect her from malaria. During her service, she began to have horrific nightmares and struggled with mental health. When she turned to the Peace Corps for help, the medical officer excused her symptoms as simply ‘‘not adjusting well.’’ One night, Sara woke up dizzy, nauseous, and threw up the entire night, so she went to the doctor, and the doctor told her it was an ear infec-tion. Months later still, Sara struggled with nausea and nightmares. And with no support from the Peace Corps, she took matters into her own hands and started to research those medical prob-lems. It was then that she realized the malaria medicine the Peace Corps had given her was making her sick. As it turns out, mefloquine’s side ef-fects are so terrible, Special Operation Forces in the Army won’t even take that medication. Sara was never warned about these horrific side effects by the Peace Corps, and the doctors in her post country didn’t seem to recog-nize the symptoms either. Our Peace Corps volunteers deserve better. They deserve better care than this, but, unfortunately, I have heard too many stories like Sara’s about Peace Corps volunteers. Young, enthu-siastic volunteers eager to make a dif-ference in the world are let down by the organization that they once held in such high esteem. Peace Corps volunteers selflessly sac-rifice years of their lives to help people that they have never even met, often in some of the most desolate, dangerous places on the globe. Their service to our country should not turn into a nightmare that ruins or even ends their lives because we don’t take care of them. Small, common-sense changes could make a big dif-ference in protecting our Peace Corps volunteers abroad and when they get home. That is why Representative KENNEDY  and I introduced the Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act. This bill has passed our Committee on Foreign Affairs and takes important first steps for our angels abroad. It betters medical care for volunteers in the country, improves training on the side effects of malaria medications, and allows the Peace Corps to better prescribe other types of malaria medi-cation. In addition, this bill better protects our volunteers from sexual assault and harassment when they are in foreign countries. When they return, it extends their health coverage, so they can get the care they need rather than stop taking care of them, as has happened in the past. There is still more that needs to be done to ensure the safety and security of those wonderful volunteers. They de-serve to be protected by the United States and our law when we send them to far reaches of the world. When they return from service with injuries and sickness, volunteers should be able to make ends meet with the disability payment that they receive, which is not the case now. Mr. Speaker, I hope to see these pro-visions in law some day, but until then, the Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act makes critical im-provements for our volunteers. It is es-sential to see it become law. Peace Corps volunteers like Sara are the face of our country in places where America’s shining beacon of hope and liberty to other people may not always shine so bright without Peace Corps volunteers. These individuals promote goodwill, a better understanding of the United States, and this helps us secure enduring partnerships with these na-tions. It also does good in the country that they are in. They change lives every day in local communities that they serve, and they do this many times when they are alone. We must ensure we are doing all we can to minimize unnecessary dangers for our Peace 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.005 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5158 June 14, 2018 
Corps volunteers, both at home and abroad. The Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act is a crucial first step, and I urge leadership to bring this bill to a vote soon. As a former judge, I can tell you that it is our duty to do everything within our power to protect these angels abroad. These goodwill ambassadors like Sara Thompson are some of Amer-ica’s best, and America must take care of them when they serve overseas, when they are helping people overseas, and when they return home to America from being overseas. And that is just the way it is. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members that the rules do not allow references to persons in the gallery. 
f 
THREAT TO JESUITS IN NICARAGUA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness of a very seri-ous threat against a member of the So-ciety of Jesus in Nicaragua by reading in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD a dec-laration from the Jesuits West Prov-ince of the Society of Jesus. It is a letter written by Father Scott Santarosa, father provincial of the So-ciety of Jesus for the West Province, and it reads like this: 
‘‘Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.’’—Matthew 5:9. As many of you know, Nicaragua is cur-rently experiencing a serious and increasing political crisis. The people who demand de-mocracy, freedom, and justice are firmly committed to seeking a peaceful solution. There are already more than 153 Nicaraguans who have lost their lives in just over a month of struggling toward such a resolu-tion. The Society of Jesus, present in Nicaragua since 1916, has joined the people in this com-mitment. Our human, ethical, and Christian conviction requires us to share support and defend a peaceful solution to the conflict. We still have time to avoid more polariza-tion, more bloodshed, and more pain. Honest dialogue and serious negotiation are vital in order to achieve it, for whoever wants peace does not assault, persecute, mistreat, or in-timidate. We have been informed by a reliable source that the life of Father Jose Alberto Idiaquez, S.J., rector of the Central American Univer-sity, the UCA of Nicaragua, is in serious dan-ger. Father Idiaquez has been threatened for participating in the National Dialogue con-vened by the Bishops’ Conference, for stand-ing alongside the students, for defending the human rights of those who are demanding re-spect for their constitutional rights, for making continuous calls to the Nicaraguan Government to give concrete signs that they too seek justice and democracy, and for in-volving the university in the efforts of the Nicaraguan people. Father general of the Society of Jesus, Fa-ther Arturo Sosa, S.J., resident in Rome, has been informed of this threat. With his sup-port and on behalf of all of the Jesuits and committed lay collaborators in Jesuits West, we stand with the Jesuits of Central America and all of the lay people that make up the 40 Jesuit institutions that serve the people of Central America. We join Father Rolando Alvarado, S.J., provincial of Central American Province, in holding the Nicaraguan Government respon-sible for any aggression or attack that may be suffered by Father Jose Alberto Idiaquez, S.J. I call on the national and international human rights organizations, the Organiza-tion of American States, the U.N., the Euro-pean Parliament, and all Jesuit universities of the world, the different churches, the U.S. Government, and all of those committed to basic human dignity, to strongly support the peaceful negotiations of a solution to the tragic situation that the country is experi-encing and demand respect for the physical safety of all Nicaraguans who, like Father Idiaquez, S.J., and the Bishop’ Conference students, and other members of the civil so-ciety who are participating in the National Dialogue, are working for a lasting peace that is borne from justice. It is signed by Father Scott Santarosa, S.J. He is, again, the pro-vincial of the western province. As many of you will recall, back in 1989, a very similar threat was made against Father Ignacio Ellacuria of the UCA of El Salvador. Unfortunately, that threat ended in the death of Fa-ther Ellacuria, along with five other Jesuits at the UCA, the Central Amer-ican University, as well as two lay peo-ple. I think this is a very serious threat that our country has to take a look at and demand that steps be taken to pro-tect the life of all Nicaraguans, and particularly the students and the rec-tor of the Central American Univer-sity, the Jesuit institution there. 
f 
ADDRESSING THE OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the opioid crisis touches near-ly every family in West Virginia, with too many lives lost to the disease of addiction. It is an issue I hear about every day. As the opioid epidemic forces in-creasing numbers of children into fos-ter care, we see more and more grand-parents being left to raise their grand-children. These grandparents face the task of caring for young children while navigating a complex child welfare sys-tem. b1030 Many have little support and are also coping even with their adult child’s ad-diction. We must make it easier for grand-parents who love and care for their grandchildren to navigate the system. Bills like the Assisting States’ Imple-mentation of Plans of Safe Care Act aim to make it easier for families to gain custody of kids who have been re-moved from their parents’ care due to drug abuse. Allowing these family members to provide critical emotional support and stability to kids who have had their worlds turned upside down seems like common sense. Once in a stable home, support is still needed. Many of these grand-parents never thought they would be raising another young child. The Sup-porting Grandparents Raising Grand-children Act would provide them with information and resources to help them meet the needs of the children that they are caring for. The opioid crisis cannot be solved overnight, but we must keep fighting. We must enable families to come to-gether to do what families do best, and that is help one another. We need to support those who are unexpectedly caring for young children and provide them with the support they need to raise healthy and happy kids. f 
U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS MUST STOP DISCHARGING TOXIC WATER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I have a great 5-minute speech prepared here, but I am just going to tell you the way it is. For the last 2 weeks, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has been using my community as their own personal sep-tic tank. That is not hyperbole. That is the truth. Now, it hasn’t just happened this way for the last 2 weeks. They just started discharging water into my community 2 weeks ago. This has actually been going on for decades where, year after year after year, the Corps of Engineers decides that it is okay to discharge water that they know is toxic into an epicenter of human population. How do they know this water is toxic? Because the Federal Govern-ment sued the State of Florida at one point in history, saying: Listen, we don’t want you to send this water down south toward the Florida Everglades because it is killing the Florida Ever-glades. It is too toxic for what needs to go in there. So now the Corps of Engineers sends it to people. They send it to the kids who are out at fishing camp. They send it to the fishermen who are trying to pull fish out of the water, and they send it to the beaches where, instead, they have to put up signs that say: No swimming. Don’t touch the water. Haz-ard to human life. What kind of community is this where this is sent to? This is a commu-nity, the treasure coast of Florida. It is an area where beautiful waters from the Atlantic flow in. They make the water crystal clear. It used to be laden with sea grass, with sea life, and with waterfowl, and now you can find next to none of that because the water is no longer blue. The water no longer has sea grass and thriving fish beds in it because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.012 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5159 June 14, 2018 
water is black. It is black because the flowing waters in from the Atlantic Ocean can’t keep up with the toxic waters that are discharged into that estuary, into that nationally recog-nized estuary, by the hand of the Fed-eral Government, by the hand of the U.S. Corps of Engineers. Where the water isn’t black, the water is green, like this, with toxic algae and cyanobacteria, things that no person should ever have to come in contact with. I will tell you, this body recently did a good job for what has to occur to fix this issue in the long term. We passed the Water Resources Development Act, where we went out there and put a placeholder into that bill for a south-ern reservoir, a reservoir south of our area to send this water so that they don’t have to send this water to the epicenter of human population in our area. We did a good job of doing something known as asking for a LORS review, a review of the schedule at which level we can keep the Lake Okeechobee water in that lake so that they don’t have to discharge that water into our community. We did a good job in mak-ing sure that we put resources toward how you can clean up algal blooms. Those were all very important things for the long term, but it doesn’t help the people in my community today and tomorrow, the people who have to worry about their children coming in contact with the water because of the human health risks associated with it. It doesn’t help the business owners, whom I have to see day after day with tears in their eyes because they are closing their doors for the last time be-cause they can’t survive because of the way this devastates our economy from top to bottom. When you destroy the environment in our community, you destroy us. You destroy every one of us in our commu-nity. This cannot continue. This has to stop. I call on the U.S. Corps of Engineers that, until the moment comes where you can say the water you are sending into our area is not toxic whatsoever, until that day comes where you would go into that water yourself or bring your own family members for a vaca-tion and for a swim in our waterways, then don’t send one more drop of that water into my community. I put on the same uniform as the members of the Corps of Engineers. We wore the same Army uniform, and I know that we carry the same passion for how we do things. We had an ethos: You always place the mission first; you never accept defeat; you never quit; and you never leave a fallen comrade. Right now my community is being left behind by the Corps of Engineers, and it is not right. I could say that not one moment dur-ing my time in the military would I have ever considered risking the life of one community in the name of some-thing that may potentially happen in the future. It is not right; it can’t occur in our community; and that is why I call on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to stop their discharging of toxic water immediately. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MANHEIM TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL BOYS LACROSSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Manheim Township High School boys lacrosse team, who recently won the program’s first-ever PIAA State title. The Blue Streaks defeated La Salle, 6 to 4, in the PIAA Class 3A championship game this past Saturday to bring the title to Lancaster County. Manheim Township of District 3 be-came the first school from outside Dis-tricts 1 or 12 to win the boys lacrosse title since the tournament began. This historic championship is a fitting end to an excellent season that also in-cluded a program best 26–1 record and both the Lancaster-Lebanon League and District 3 titles. These young men have put in countless hours of hard work to achieve this incredible result. As I have said before, high school sports are about more than just win-ning. They are about teaching our chil-dren valuable skills such as teamwork, commitment, and perseverance. They build character and create memories that will last a lifetime. These young men have displayed these valuable skills throughout their entire season, and I am proud to represent them. I look forward to the team’s future suc-cesses. Congratulations to the Manheim Township High School boys lacrosse team, the coaches, their families, and the faculty, staff, and students who en-abled this historic title. 
COMBATING OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to address another topic this morning. I want to speak in support of the House’s efforts to combat the opioid epidemic that has swept across Pennsylvania and across the Nation. This week, the House is voting on more than 30 opioid-related bills, with many more to come next week as well. Sadly, you would be hard-pressed today to find someone who hasn’t been impacted by this epidemic or who doesn’t know someone who has. It transcends socioeconomic and geo-graphic lines and makes no distinction between age, income, race, gender, or politics. Hundreds of thousands of American lives have been cut short by drug abuse. In my region of Pennsylvania, prescription drugs, heroin, and fentanyl are the leading causes of death in several communities. In fact, our region has experienced a 23 percent increase in opioid-related deaths in 2018 as compared to the same time period in 2017. Too many families feel broken and feel lost. Those whom we know person-ally—our neighbors, our family, and our friends—are working to save the lives of those whom they love. Our constituents should know that we here in Congress have their backs. They should know that we are working to provide them with the resources necessary to prevent addiction, to treat abuse, and to help families and individuals recover. This week and next, the House is passing legislation that changes the way opioids are prescribed and encour-ages alternative methods and medica-tions to treat pain. We are cracking down on deadly synthetic drugs like fentanyl. We are giving law enforce-ment tools to get dangerous drugs off our streets and out of our commu-nities, and we are improving data used to help at-risk patients, families, and those who are already struggling with addiction. Our communities are coming to-gether and standing side by side to help each other through this difficult time. Those struggling with addiction and their family and friends are getting some much-needed assistance from Congress. Both in Washington and in Pennsylvania, I will continue to work with my colleagues, community lead-ers, healthcare professionals, and law enforcement to prioritize an immediate and effective response to save the lives of those we love. f 
LUNCH BUDDY APP BUILDS FRIENDSHIPS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate four exceptional students from New Jersey’s Point Pleasant Bor-ough High School—Luke Boylan, The-resa Cardone, Jaspreet Kaur, and Adri-an Wittmann—for their amazing app designed to ensure that their class-mates with special needs have a lunch buddy to build friendships, share con-versation, laugh, or talk about each other’s hopes and dreams. Lunch Buddy app helps make all par-ticipating students more under-standing, knowledgeable, kind, and em-pathetic. Lunch Buddy app helps all participating students see the world from each other’s eyes. Everyone has good days and bad, strengths and weaknesses, and things we want to talk about to a friend. For many, high school can be difficult and lonely. Lunch Buddy app recognizes this and enables participating students to better grasp the God-given worth, inherent value, and innate goodness of everyone and says with neon lights: You are welcomed and cherished here. Working together, under the incred-ible guidance of their advanced soft-ware engineering teacher, Mr. Nick Gattuso, Luke, Theresa, Jaspreet, and Adrian created a Lunch Buddy app 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.007 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5160 June 14, 2018 
which earned them the top prize in New Jersey’s Fourth Congressional District App Challenge. Several weeks ago, the team came to the Capitol, where they were nation-ally recognized. Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of seeing the app in action when I visited the high school in February and was struck by the extraordinary care and kindness of the winners and, frankly, all the students in the class. These young people are truly amazing. Allow me, Mr. Speaker, to say a brief word about the teacher, Nick Gattuso. After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, Mr. Gattuso was so inspired by the self-lessness of so many that he left a high-ly successful career at Bell Labs and took an early retirement and huge pay cut to teach because he said he just wanted to give back to others. He said he was too old to be a firefighter and too old to be a cop, but he chose the noble profession of teacher. Today, with great skill, energy, and passion, Mr. Gattuso teaches his stu-dents, in his words, ‘‘how to use their programming, engineering, and prob-lem-solving skills for good.’’ Lunch Buddy app epitomizes that good. Lunch Buddy app, Mr. Speaker, sprang out of a broader initiative to create a better learning environment for students with disabilities. In 2012, Point Pleasant Borough High School established The Panther Assisted Learning Software, or PALS, with the stated goal of ‘‘providing students with multiple disabilities differentiated as-sistive learning technologies and to promote increased independence and vocational sufficiency.’’ Additionally, PALS was created to overcome specific barriers to learning and to facilitate increased interaction between special needs students and their nondisabled peers. It is a wonder-ful program that teaches important lessons that last a lifetime, and I be-lieve this program needs to be rep-licated in every high school in the country. b1045 The Lunch Buddy app is one of sev-eral real-world, operational apps that are enhancing the learning and com-munity environment at Point Pleas-ant. Other apps, for example, assist students with their class schedules, money management, and re´sume´build-ing and are developed in close collabo-ration with special needs students in the life skills class. As you know, Mr. Speaker, the Con-gressional App Challenge itself was created to allow students in STEM fields who also work in computer pro-gramming an opportunity to showcase their software application achieve-ments. These STEM fields are central to the global workforce of the future, and it is critical for our students to have opportunities like this challenge to further develop expertise in com-puter programming and work with teammates to enhance their collective creativity. We all know that integrating into the academic and social environments at school can be difficult for many stu-dents, especially and including those with a disability. As the founder and co-chair of the Congressional Autism Caucus, I have heard stories from countless families with children with autism who struggle. So I am especially grateful to our four designers of the Lunch Buddy app who showed both great technical skill and compassion. They put their exper-tise toward the service of others. Mr. Speaker, the world awaits what they and other students in that class have to offer. 
f 
NORTH KOREAN NEGOTIATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, for 22 years, I have served on the Foreign Af-fairs Committee and focused on North Korea. For two decades I have urged the toughest possible pressure not only on North Korea, but on China, North Korea’s lifeline. Just last month I joined Chairman Y
OHOof the Asia Subcommittee, where I serve as ranking member, in sending a letter insisting that we have tougher enforcement of our sanctions on large Chinese banks and other entities that supplied the necessary services to Kim Jong-un. When the possibility of a summit was announced, the foreign policy commu-nity came forward with a unified mes-sage: No concessions until we get CVID, or the complete, verifiable, irre-versible dismantlement of North Ko-rea’s nuclear program. I found myself on the dovish edge of the foreign policy community. While I supported tougher sanctions, I believe that we should settle for a verifiable limit, a freeze and monitoring, a sys-tem where there is no cheating and where we can be sure that they are not selling their nuclear weapons to other even more dangerous parties. So I eagerly awaited Singapore. What we saw was a President that put into practice what he wrote about when he wrote his famous book, newly reissued and retitled, Trump: The Art of the Ca-pitulation. What are the steps in capitulation? First, give the other side just about everything. Second, accept in return vague plati-tudes. Third, go on TV and announce that you have got the best deal ever. What did we get from North Korea? A temporary suspension of their most extreme barbarism. They agreed to release and did release three hos-tages. They said they will allow us to look for the bodies of our fallen heroes from the Korean War. They did not re-lease the Japanese hostages, but they did release three American hostages. They implicitly agreed, though not explicitly, to an end of testing. But testing is hardly necessary once you have already proven your capacity. Russia has the capacity to destroy American cities, but they haven’t test-ed a nuclear weapon since 1990. Why? They proved it long ago. Likewise, North Korea has proven the capacity of its nuclear weapons. They don’t need further testing. They have missiles that can kill tens of thousands of Americans and millions of our allies in Tokyo, Seoul, and else-where in Asia. They have the capacity to smuggle their nuclear weapons near or into any of our West Coast cities. They have that capacity. They don’t need further testing. So they have given very little, but they gave one more thing. They pro-nounced the word denuclearization. This is the epitome of a vague plati-tude. For when North Korea says denuclearization, they say will give up their nuclear weapons when the whole world gives up its nuclear weapons; when, in the words of the Good Book, swords are beaten into plowshares. So what have we given up? First, we gave them what the Kim dynasty has always wanted: that face- to-face equality with an American President. Second, we have relaxed our sanc-tions, in effect. No, the statutes haven’t changed. But those big banks that Chairman Y
OHO and myself as ranking member once sanctioned, no way that is going to happen. Businesspeople in Moscow and Beijing know it is now time to move forward with business deals with North Korea. Also, he declared our military exer-cises to be provocative. What does that mean worldwide when an American President says: We better not train our troops; that is warlike? In the words, of Admiral Stavridis, who wrote in Time Magazine just a few days ago: ‘‘These are operational mili-tary exercises in which ships, aircraft, and ground forces . . . practice exe-cuting defined war plans.’’ To have our forces forward deployed without the benefit of that kind of practice would be negligent in the extreme and would lead to major combat losses in a real fight. Trump is saying these exercises are expensive. It is hardly expensive to train our troops. We have got a long way to go. We need to enforce the sanctions and make them tougher. We have to do this until we get a complete declaration of their nuclear materials, a verification, and a freeze. 
f 
HONORING RABBI JOEL SIMON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a faith leader in our community who has made a tre-mendous impact on individuals in our home in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.009 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5161 June 14, 2018 
Rabbi Joel Simon of the Shir Ami Synagogue in Newtown, has been a transformative force in providing spir-itual guidance to his congregants. Dur-ing his tenure, Mr. Speaker, at the Re-form congregation, Joel has made great strides to enhance the edu-cational environment for the over 700 families who attend Shir Ami. A strong proponent of strengthening Jewish identity, Rabbi Simon oversees com-munity building exercises such as yoga, youth groups, and theater trips. Rabbi Simon will be departing Shir Ami on Saturday to return to his home in Florida. While he will be dearly missed by our community, we are sure that he will flourish in his next chap-ter. We wish him; his wife, Jacent; and their entire family all the best going forward. 
BUCKS COUNTY HEROES  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize several individ-uals from our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who adminis-tered first aid that would ultimately save the life of a beloved school bus driver. In January, Janet Lapsley suffered a life-threatening medical emergency. Discovered unconscious by fellow bus driver Bob Fay, Janet was found to be lacking a pulse. With the help of Bob and drivers Brent Briggs, Danny Shimp, and Jeff Randolph, Janet re-ceived CPR and oxygen. With the as-sistance of school nurse Dawn Fulton and athletic trainer Katie Holmes, Janet received the additional treat-ment she needed to survive while first responders were on the way. I would like to commend the first re-sponders, who worked collectively and professionally to save Janet’s life. They are Ottsville Fire Company Chief William Shick, Deputy Chief James Keogh, Firefighter and EMT Jeff Lauble, and Junior Firefighter Evelyn Keogh. The weekend following this health scare, Janet’s brain activity hovered between 3 percent and 5 percent. How-ever, with the help of a team of doctors and many prayers, Janet slowly recov-ered and is now working as a monitor on bus 97, continuing to assist the chil-dren she cares so deeply about. I would like to thank Bob, Brent, Danny, Jeff, Dawn, Katie, William, James, Jeff, and Evelyn for their cou-rageous actions. Their knowledge and quick thinking truly saved the life of a dedicated community servant. I en-courage all of my constituents to fol-low their lead and, as an EMT, educate themselves on the power of first-aid techniques to save lives every single day. 
HONORING THE WORK OF TEACHERS MARC  
CUTILLO AND JOAN SAVION  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a teacher in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who is working to break down barriers both in and out of the classroom. Marc Cutillo, a biology teacher and special education teacher at William Tennent High School in Warminster, was recently a recipient of the Teacher as Hero award from the National Lib-erty Museum and State Farm Insur-ance. He was honored for his work teaching a science class for students which doubles as an English language class. Additionally, Marc has teamed up with fellow William Tennent teach-er Joan Savion to establish Aqui Para Ti, a community group that seeks to strengthen relationships with the Latino community in the Centennial School District. I applaud Marc and Joan for their work in bridging the language and learning gap for students in our com-munity. By giving them the tools to succeed, Marc and Joan are paving a brighter future for the next generation. f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, my dis-trict and communities across our Na-tion are being ravaged by the heroin and opioid epidemic. This crisis touch-es our homes, our friends, and our fam-ilies in ways that have grave effects on everyday people and everyday lives. Over the last 15 years, heroin-related deaths have quadrupled across our country. In 2016, over 3,600 New York-ers died of an opioid overdose, with fa-talities in some counties in my district doubling and tripling. This is why, since arriving in Con-gress, I have worked with my col-leagues on the Bipartisan Heroin Task Force to pass the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act, the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act, and to provide over $4 billion in funding to fight this epi-demic. But we must continue to attack this epidemic head-on, which is why we are passing a package of bills this week to prevent addiction, encourage treat-ment and recovery, and improve law enforcement to keep our communities safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to continue this incredibly important bi-partisan work so that the families we represent can get the relief they need. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 58 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You, once again, that we, Your creatures, can come before You and ask guidance for the men and women of the people’s House. There are many issues facing this Congress in these and coming days. Some are quite contentious; all are of importance to so many of our citizens and residents. Bless each Member with wisdom and insight into the many implications of their legislative actions so that all Americans rest assured that Your Spir-it is at work in the business of the peo-ple’s House. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done here be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. MATSUI led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Alz-heimer’s Awareness Month. Sadly, Alzheimer’s is one of the fast-est growing, costliest, and deadliest epidemics facing our Nation. I am all too familiar with the pain and heart-break surrounding this dreadful disease because my mother passed away in 2011 due to complications from Alzheimer’s. It is important to note that my expe-rience is not unique. Over 5.7 million Americans are living with this disease, including half a million Floridians. That is why I am a staunch advocate for Alzheimer’s research funding. I am also proud to have recently co-sponsored H.R. 4256, the BOLD Infra-structure for Alzheimer’s Act. This bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.011 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5162 June 14, 2018 
would create a modern public health infrastructure across our Nation de-signed to increase early detection and diagnosis of Alzheimer’s. It would also focus on supporting the needs of care-givers who often bear the lasting im-pact of this disease. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my col-leagues to stand with Alzheimer’s pa-tients, with their families, and with their caregivers and support this im-portant bill. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 3828 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may here-after be considered to be the first spon-sor of H.R. 3828, the Patsy T. Mink Gender Equity in Education Act of 2017, a bill originally introduced by Representative Louise Slaughter of New York, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
THE ‘‘VACANT VA’’ IS AN INSULT TO OUR HEROES (Ms. BROWNLEY of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am deeply concerned that the Department of Veterans Affairs is missing nearly a dozen key, very important leaders, which is a grave disservice to our Na-tion’s veterans. It has been 4 weeks since the Presi-dent announced his latest VA Sec-retary nominee, but he has yet to for-mally submit the nomination to the Senate. The VA has been without a permanent Under Secretary for Health since February of 2017, and there are at least nine Deputy Under Secretaries and Assistant Deputy Secretary posi-tions without a permanent appointee. Without strong, steady leadership, how will the VA provide the best healthcare and timely benefits our Na-tion’s veterans deserve? The President must take responsi-bility for these failures of leadership and immediately prioritize identifying, properly vetting, and appointing the qualified leaders the VA needs because this ‘‘vacant VA’’ is an insult to our heroes. 
f 
WE NEED A FISCAL CONSERV-ATIVE IN CHARGE OF THE PEN-TAGON (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I know that one of the easiest things in this world to do is to spend other people’s money; and for at least 50 years or more, we have been reading and hearing about unbelievable waste by the Pentagon and excessive charges by defense contractors who hire so many retired admirals and generals. But in today’s American Conserv-ative magazine, there is an article about Air Force spending that really takes the cake. The article is entitled: ‘‘Why Do Air Force Planes Need $10,000 Toilet Seat Covers?’’ The story is by Dan Grazier, a former Marine captain. He wrote the following: ‘‘. . . a Department of Defense con-tractor told the Air Force that each new toilet seat cover for the C–17 cargo plane will cost $10,000. Will Roper, the Air Force’s Chief Acquisition official, rather than pooh-poohing the cost, de-fended it by claiming the company would have to switch production from other products to make a limited num-ber of toilet covers, thus driving up the expense.’’ It is unpatriotic, Mr. Speaker, for any Federal department, but especially the Defense Department, to spend tax-payers’ money so recklessly. I wish someday—someday—we could get a fis-cal conservative in charge at the Pen-tagon. f 
OFFSHORE DRILLING (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have taken their appalling assault on New Jersey to new lows: The Natural Resources Committee is con-sidering legislation that would penalize States like New Jersey, where Gov-ernor Murphy and our people have had the courage and foresight to block drilling in State waters. What House Republicans don’t realize is that New Jerseyans will never be blackmailed into accepting drilling miles away from our $38 billion-a-year tourism industry. We know the damage that the BP oil spill did to commu-nities on the Gulf Coast, and we will stop at nothing to prevent it off New Jersey’s waters. The Trump administration offered the largest offshore drilling plan we have ever seen last year, but even the President understands the true dangers of drilling. We know this because he ex-cluded drilling off Florida waters at the request of his political allies there. Republicans understand the risk of offshore drilling, yet they are all too happy to subject coastal communities throughout our country to the risk. So much, Mr. Speaker, for State rights. Mr. Speaker, New Jerseyans have a long memory, and we will never forget this assault on our economy and our way of life. 
f 
OUR NATION’S OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the work the House is doing to address the opioid epidemic sweeping our Nation. Sadly, in 2016, our Nation lost more people to overdose deaths than were lost during the entire Vietnam war. One of those lives lost was Samantha Huntley, whose picture I have here. Samantha was an outgoing cheer-leader at Kickapoo High School in Springfield, Missouri. When she was 16, she was in a car wreck and broke her back. Her doctor prescribed opioids to deal with the pain, and when they ran out, Sam turned to heroin. At age 18, she confessed to her mom she needed help, but she was never able to beat her addiction. Tragically, Sam succumbed to an overdose last year, at age 20. This epidemic must not take any more of our young people. That is why we are passing over 70 bills this week to address this crisis. Now is the time to prevent other tragedies so beautiful, amazing youth like Samantha can live. f 
CRUELTY IN ITS PUREST FORM (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, tonight children—2, 3, 4 years old—will sleep alone in cages on American soil. Yes, the brutality being perpetrated by the United States Government is about who we are as a country. It is about morality. It is about humanity. But first, it is about those kids: The 5-year-old boy from Honduras who collapsed on a kitchen floor in Michigan, sobbing for his parents; The mother who had to listen to her 7-year-old daughter frantically scream-ing in a detention room next door as she was hauled away; The 3-year-old boy who was put, in-consolable, on a flight to the Midwest after his mother was left behind; A 4-month-old baby ripped from his father’s arms. I don’t care what you believe. I don’t care who you vote for or what you think about the nuances of immigra-tion reform. These children—babies— need to be with their parents, just like every other child in this country. Any-thing less is cruelty in its purest form. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT ERIC SCHRAGE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieu-tenant Eric Schrage of the Collinsville Fire Department and congratulate him on being awarded the Medal of Honor Award from the Firefighting Medal of Honor Awards Ceremony this past May. Lieutenant Schrage was recognized for his actions in responding to a fire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.015 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5163 June 14, 2018 
in an apartment building while driving his own personal vehicle last Sep-tember. After Lieutenant Schrage as-sessed the situation and determined that the residents were trapped, he took matters into his own hands. Without regard for his own safety, he was able to enter the building and res-cue a semiconscious woman trapped in her apartment, remove her from the complex, and remain with her until medical attention arrived. After rescuing the woman, he took actions to prevent the fire from spread-ing to other parts of the apartment. His quick actions helped prevent fur-ther damage and loss of life in the sur-rounding apartments. I am proud to recognize Lieutenant Schrage for his courage and selfless ac-tions that saved a woman’s life. Thank you, Lieutenant Schrage and all the first responders for all that you do to protect us and keep us safe every day. 
f 
PROTECT OUR LOVED ONES WITH PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring awareness to the Trump administration’s effort to gut the Af-fordable Care Act. Last Friday, the Justice Department failed to defend a key provision of the ACA that protects people with pre-existing conditions. The decision jeop-ardizes millions of people’s healthcare in Texas. The Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex has one of the highest uninsured rates in the entire country. The congressional district that I represent, alone, has the highest uninsured rate in the entire country. Right now, Republicans are complicit in allowing insurance companies to dis-criminate against over 10 million Tex-ans with preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, this is bad, and we are asking for basic empathy. We want to make sure that people don’t have to live in a constant state of panic and praying for the day that their health is in jeopardy and know that their insur-ance won’t be there for them. Let’s save the Affordable Care Act. Let’s make it stronger. These insur-ance plans that support hardworking families were put in place for a reason. We need to protect our loved ones with preexisting conditions, and that is what we demand. 
f 
BATTLING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, Maine is a big small town. Our population is only 1.3 million people, and it seems like everybody, Mr. Speaker, knows ev-erybody else. But this opioid epidemic has devastated so many of our families in the great State of Maine, including having a big impact on my own. Every day, one Mainer dies from an opioid epidemic up in our great State. We must continue to battle this dev-astating scourge on our population, and it must be all hands on deck. Several months ago, Congress appro-priated $4 billion back to the States for increased law enforcement and early education and for recovery programs, but there is so much more, Mr. Speak-er, that needs to be done. That is why this week I am so proud that the House of Representatives passed, with a big bipartisan vote, the Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act. This allows hospice workers to safely dispose of un-used opioids and other powerful medi-cations so that they don’t fall into the wrong hands. I am grateful, Mr. Speaker, for all Democrats and Republicans here in D.C. and back in Maine who helped give our families more security. We have got to stay on the offense and battle this epidemic until we have won. f 
WORKPLACE VIOLENCE (Mr. KHANNA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share a sad story of what hap-pens when we do not value our workers’ safety. Cynthia Palomata was a nurse from the bay area who worked in the county jail. She complained to her supervisors that her work area had insufficient lighting for reviewing paperwork. Rather than updating the lighting sys-tem or providing her with a secured light fixture, she was given a common desk lamp. One day, she was treating a patient, and when her back was turned, the patient grabbed the lamp and hit her over the head, knocking her into a coma. She never woke up. Every year, thousands of Americans are killed while at work, more than 4,000 in 2015 alone. That is why we have introduced, on a bipartisan basis, the Healthcare Workplace Violence Pre-vention Act, to stop tragedies like Cyn-thia’s from ever taking place again. It is bipartisan and it is common sense. The bill requires facilities to create violence prevention plans that address all levels of safety. Healthcare and so-cial service workers face high risk. 
f 
FLAG DAY AND CELEBRATING U.S. ARMY’S BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemo-rate Flag Day and celebrate the U.S. Army’s 243rd birthday. Each year on June 14, we celebrate the Stars and Stripes, which the Sec-ond Continental Congress designated as a symbol of our Nation on this day in 1777. Since our founding, our flag has flown across the country and the world. It has flown during both our most trag-ic moments and our greatest triumphs. It has also been a glorious symbol of hope for our brave servicemen and -women, who salute it, defend it, serve it, and, in some cases, die for it to pro-tect our freedom and liberty. Yesterday, I was proud to join Sec-retary of the Army Mark Esper, Army Chief of Staff General Milley, and the Sergeant Major of the Army to cele-brate the rich history of our Army. Without the Army 243 years ago, we would not be the great Nation that we are today. And today, we celebrate two great symbols of freedom, our Army and our flag, which both symbolize America being the land of the free and the home of the brave. f 
RECOGNIZING MARK GWYN (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the re-cent retirement of director of the Ten-nessee Bureau of Investigation, a na-tive of Tennessee’s Fourth District, Mark Gwyn. Throughout Mark’s 30- year career, he served as the standard for Tennessee law enforcement. Beginning as a patrol officer for the McMinnville Police Department in 1985, Gwyn quickly joined the TBI as a special agent, where he showed superb investigative ability, leadership skills, and work ethic. Eight years later, he was promoted to executive officer, then to assistant director, overseeing the forensic serv-ices division, and, finally, to director of the TBI in 2004. Serving longer than any of his prede-cessors, Gwyn implemented many poli-cies and programs that helped the bu-reau evolve over the past several years. He steered the bureau’s fight to combat illegal methamphetamine production in the State and took great steps in combating human trafficking. He oversaw the development of Ten-nessee’s nationally recognized fusion center, which provides numerous serv-ices that help link local, State, and Federal resources together to improve the safety of all Tennesseeans. As we look ahead, there will almost certainly be new challenges that TBI will face and difficulties that its future leaders will have to overcome. But with the foundation built during his tenure, I am certain that TBI will face these challenges with the same profes-sionalism, efficiency, and grace that Director Gwyn has exhibited. I thank Mark Gwyn for his service and wish him well in his retirement. 
f 
SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 934, I call up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.017 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5164 June 14, 2018 
the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the pro-vision of advance electronic informa-tion on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 934, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in part C of House Report 115–751, modified by the amendment printed in part D of the re-port, is adopted, and the bill, as amend-ed, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5788 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act of 2018’’ or ‘‘STOP Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Customs fees. Sec. 3. Mandatory advance electronic infor-mation for postal shipments. Sec. 4. International postal agreements. Sec. 5. Cost recoupment. Sec. 6. Development of technology to detect illicit narcotics. Sec. 7. Civil penalties for postal shipments. Sec. 8. Report on violations of arrival, re-porting, entry, and clearance requirements and falsity or lack of manifest. Sec. 9. Effective date; regulations. 
SEC. 2. CUSTOMS FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(b)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(b)(9)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D)(i) With respect to the processing of items that are sent to the United States through the international postal network by ‘Inbound Express Mail service’ or ‘Inbound EMS’ (as that service is described in the mail classification schedule referred to in section 3631 of title 39, United States Code), the fol-lowing payments are required: ‘‘(I) $1 per Inbound EMS item. ‘‘(II) If an Inbound EMS item is formally entered, the fee provided for under sub-section (a)(9), if applicable. ‘‘(ii) Notwithstanding section 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451), the pay-ments required by clause (i), as allocated pursuant to clause (iii)(I), shall be the only payments required for reimbursement of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for customs services provided in connection with the processing of an Inbound EMS item. ‘‘(iii)(I) The payments required by clause (i)(I) shall be allocated as follows: ‘‘(aa) 50 percent of the amount of the pay-ments shall be paid on a quarterly basis by the United States Postal Service to the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection in accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury to reimburse U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion for customs services provided in connec-tion with the processing of Inbound EMS items. ‘‘(bb) 50 percent of the amount of the pay-ments shall be retained by the Postal Serv-ice to reimburse the Postal Service for serv-ices provided in connection with the customs processing of Inbound EMS items. ‘‘(II) Payments received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under subclause (I)(aa) shall, in accordance with section 524 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1524), be deposited in the Customs User Fee Account and used to directly reimburse each appro-priation for the amount paid out of that ap-propriation for the costs incurred in pro-viding services to international mail facili-ties. Amounts deposited in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be available until expended for the provision of such serv-ices. ‘‘(III) Payments retained by the Postal Service under subclause (I)(bb) shall be used to directly reimburse the Postal Service for the costs incurred in providing services in connection with the customs processing of Inbound EMS items. ‘‘(iv) Beginning in fiscal year 2021, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Postmaster General, may adjust, not more frequently than once each fiscal year, the amount de-scribed in clause (i)(I) to an amount com-mensurate with the costs of services pro-vided in connection with the customs proc-essing of Inbound EMS items, consistent with the obligations of the United States under international agreements.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13031(a) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(other than an item subject to a fee under sub-section (b)(9)(D))’’ after ‘‘customs officer’’; and (2) in paragraph (10)— (A) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than Inbound EMS items described in subsection (b)(9)(D))’’ after ‘‘release’’; and (B) in the flush at the end, by inserting ‘‘or of Inbound EMS items described in sub-section (b)(9)(D),’’ after ‘‘(C),’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 3. MANDATORY ADVANCE ELECTRONIC IN-FORMATION FOR POSTAL SHIP-MENTS. 
(a) M ANDATORY ADVANCE ELECTRONIC IN-
FORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210; 19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(K)(i) The Secretary shall prescribe regu-lations requiring the United States Postal Service to transmit the information de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) to the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for international mail shipments by the Postal Service (including shipments to the Postal Service from foreign postal opera-tors that are transported by private carrier) consistent with the requirements of this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(ii) In prescribing regulations under clause (i), the Secretary shall impose re-quirements for the transmission to the Com-missioner of information described in para-graphs (1) and (2) for mail shipments de-scribed in clause (i) that are comparable to the requirements for the transmission of such information imposed on similar non- mail shipments of cargo, taking into account the parameters set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (J). ‘‘(iii) The regulations prescribed under clause (i) shall require the transmission of the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) with respect to a shipment as soon as practicable in relation to the transportation of the shipment, consistent with subpara-graph (H). ‘‘(iv) Regulations prescribed under clause (i) shall allow for the requirements for the transmission to the Commissioner of infor-mation described in paragraphs (1) and (2) for mail shipments described in clause (i) to be implemented in phases, as appropriate, by— ‘‘(I) setting incremental targets for in-creasing the percentage of such shipments for which information is required to be transmitted to the Commissioner; and ‘‘(II) taking into consideration— ‘‘(aa) the risk posed by such shipments; ‘‘(bb) the volume of mail shipped to the United States by or through a particular country; and ‘‘(cc) the capacities of foreign postal opera-tors to provide that information to the Post-al Service. ‘‘(v)(I) Notwithstanding clause (iv), the Postal Service shall, not later than Decem-ber 31, 2018, arrange for the transmission to the Commissioner of the information de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) for not less than 70 percent of the aggregate number of mail shipments, including 100 percent of mail shipments from the People’s Republic of China, described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) If the requirements of subclause (I) are not met, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees, not later than June 30, 2019, a report— ‘‘(aa) assessing the reasons for the failure to meet those requirements; and ‘‘(bb) identifying recommendations to im-prove the collection by the Postal Service of the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(vi)(I) Notwithstanding clause (iv), the Postal Service shall, not later than Decem-ber 31, 2020, arrange for the transmission to the Commissioner of the information de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) for 100 per-cent of the aggregate number of mail ship-ments described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) The Commissioner, in consultation with the Postmaster General, may determine to exclude a country from the requirement described in subclause (I) to transmit infor-mation for mail shipments described in clause (i) from the country if the Commis-sioner determines that the country— ‘‘(aa) does not have the capacity to collect and transmit such information; ‘‘(bb) represents a low risk for mail ship-ments that violate relevant United States laws and regulations; and ‘‘(cc) accounts for low volumes of mail shipments that can be effectively screened for compliance with relevant United States laws and regulations through an alternate means. ‘‘(III) The Commissioner shall, at a min-imum on an annual basis, re-evaluate any determination made under subclause (II) to exclude a country from the requirement de-scribed in subclause (I). If, at any time, the Commissioner determines that a country no longer meets the requirements under sub-clause (II), the Commissioner may not fur-ther exclude the country from the require-ment described in subclause (I). ‘‘(IV) The Commissioner shall, on an an-nual basis, submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees— ‘‘(aa) a list of countries with respect to which the Commissioner has made a deter-mination under subclause (II) to exclude the countries from the requirement described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) information used to support such de-termination with respect to such countries. ‘‘(vii)(I) The Postmaster General shall, in consultation with the Commissioner, refuse any shipments received after December 31, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.019 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5165 June 14, 2018 
2020, for which the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) is not transmitted as required under this subparagraph, except as provided in subclause (II). ‘‘(II) If remedial action is warranted in lieu of refusal of shipments pursuant to subclause (I), the Postmaster General and the Commis-sioner shall take remedial action with re-spect to the shipments, including destruc-tion, seizure, controlled delivery or other law enforcement initiatives, or correction of the failure to provide the information de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) with respect to the shipments. ‘‘(viii) Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to obtain information relating to international mail shipments from private carriers or other appropriate parties. ‘‘(ix) In this subparagraph, the term ‘ap-propriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(I) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(II) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives.’’. (2) J
OINT STRATEGIC PLAN ON MANDATORY  
ADVANCE INFORMATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a joint strategic plan detailing specific performance measures for achiev-ing— (A) the transmission of information as re-quired by section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by paragraph (1); and (B) the presentation by the Postal Service to U.S. Customs and Border Protection of all mail targeted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for inspection. (b) C
APACITY BUILDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 343(a) of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210; 19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
APACITY BUILDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in coordination with the Postmaster General and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, may provide technical assist-ance, equipment, technology, and training to enhance the capacity of foreign postal opera-tors— ‘‘(i) to gather and provide the information required by paragraph (3)(K); and ‘‘(ii) to otherwise gather and provide postal shipment information related to— ‘‘(I) terrorism; ‘‘(II) items the importation or introduction of which into the United States is prohibited or restricted, including controlled sub-stances; and ‘‘(III) such other concerns as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) P
ROVISION OF EQUIPMENT AND TECH -
NOLOGY .—With respect to the provision of equipment and technology under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary may lease, loan, provide, or otherwise assist in the deploy-ment of such equipment and technology under such terms and conditions as the Sec-retary may prescribe, including nonreim-bursable loans or the transfer of ownership of equipment and technology.’’. (2) J
OINT STRATEGIC PLAN ON CAPACITY  
BUILDING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Post-master General shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, jointly develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a joint strategic plan— (A) detailing the extent to which U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and the United States Postal Service are engaged in capac-ity building efforts under section 343(a)(5) of the Trade Act of 2002, as added by paragraph (1); (B) describing plans for future capacity building efforts; and (C) assessing how capacity building has in-creased the ability of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and the Postal Service to ad-vance the goals of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act. (c) REPORT AND CONSULTATIONS BY SEC-
RETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY AND POST-
MASTER GENERAL .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until 3 years after the Postmaster General has met the requirement under clause (vi) of subparagraph (K) of sec-tion 343(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on compliance with that subparagraph that in-cludes the following: (A) An assessment of the status of the reg-ulations required to be promulgated under that subparagraph. (B) An update regarding new and existing agreements reached with foreign postal oper-ators for the transmission of the information required by that subparagraph. (C) A summary of deliberations between the United States Postal Service and foreign postal operators with respect to issues relat-ing to the transmission of that information. (D) A summary of the progress made in achieving the transmission of that informa-tion for the percentage of shipments required by that subparagraph. (E) An assessment of the quality of that in-formation being received by foreign postal operators, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and actions taken to im-prove the quality of that information. (F) A summary of policies established by the Universal Postal Union that may affect the ability of the Postmaster General to ob-tain the transmission of that information. (G) A summary of the use of technology to detect illicit synthetic opioids and other ille-gal substances in international mail parcels and planned acquisitions and advancements in such technology. (H) Such other information as the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Post-master General consider appropriate with re-spect to obtaining the transmission of infor-mation required by that subparagraph. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the Postmaster General has met the requirement under clause (vi) of section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a)(1), to arrange for the transmission of in-formation with respect to 100 percent of the aggregate number of mail shipments de-scribed in clause (i) of that section, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Post-master General shall provide briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on the progress made in achieving the transmission of that information for that percentage of shipments. (d) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  R
EPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report— (1) assessing the progress of the United States Postal Service in achieving the trans-mission of the information required by sub-paragraph (K) of section 343(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a)(1), for the percentage of shipments re-quired by that subparagraph; (2) assessing the quality of the information received from foreign postal operators for targeting purposes; (3) assessing the specific percentage of tar-geted mail presented by the Postal Service to U.S. Customs and Border Protection for inspection; (4) describing the costs of collecting the in-formation required by such subparagraph (K) from foreign postal operators and the costs of implementing the use of that information; (5) assessing the benefits of receiving that information with respect to international mail shipments; (6) assessing the feasibility of assessing a customs fee under section 13031(b)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended by section 2, on international mail shipments other than In-bound Express Mail service in a manner con-sistent with the obligations of the United States under international agreements; and (7) identifying recommendations, including recommendations for legislation, to improve the compliance of the Postal Service with such subparagraph (K), including an assess-ment of whether the detection of illicit syn-thetic opioids in the international mail would be improved by— (A) requiring the Postal Service to serve as the consignee for international mail ship-ments containing goods; or (B) designating a customs broker to act as an importer of record for international mail shipments containing goods. (e) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 343 of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210; 19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘
ADVANCED ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘
ADVANCE ’’. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 4. INTERNATIONAL POSTAL AGREEMENTS. 
(a) E XISTING AGREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the event that any pro-vision of this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, is determined to be in violation of obligations of the United States under any postal treaty, convention, or other inter-national agreement related to international postal services, or any amendment to such an agreement, the Secretary of State should negotiate to amend the relevant provisions of the agreement so that the United States is no longer in violation of the agreement. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to permit delay in the implementation of this Act or any amendment made by this Act. (b) F
UTURE AGREEMENTS .— (1) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Before entering into, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, any postal treaty, convention, or other international agreement related to inter-national postal services, or any amendment to such an agreement, that is related to the ability of the United States to secure the provision of advance electronic information by foreign postal operators, the Secretary of State should consult with the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in sec-tion 3(f)). (2) E
XPEDITED NEGOTIATION OF NEW AGREE -
MENT .—To the extent that any new postal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.002 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5166 June 14, 2018 
treaty, convention, or other international agreement related to international postal services would improve the ability of the United States to secure the provision of ad-vance electronic information by foreign postal operators as required by regulations prescribed under section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by section 3(a)(1), the Secretary of State should expedi-tiously conclude such an agreement. 
SEC. 5. COST RECOUPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Postal Service shall, to the extent practicable and otherwise recoverable by law, ensure that all costs associated with complying with this Act and amendments made by this Act are charged directly to foreign shippers or for-eign postal operators. (b) C
OSTS NOTCONSIDERED REVENUE .—The recovery of costs under subsection (a) shall not be deemed revenue for purposes of sub-chapter I and II of chapter 36 of title 39, United States Code, or regulations pre-scribed under that chapter. 
SEC. 6. DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGY TO DE-TECT ILLICIT NARCOTICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Postmaster General and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in coordination with the heads of other agencies as appropriate, shall collaborate to identify and develop tech-nology for the detection of illicit fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances entering the United States by mail. (b) O
UTREACH TO PRIVATE SECTOR .—The Postmaster General and the Commissioner shall conduct outreach to private sector en-tities to gather information regarding the current state of technology to identify areas for innovation relating to the detection of il-licit fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances entering the United States. 
SEC. 7. CIVIL PENALTIES FOR POSTAL SHIP-MENTS. 
Section 436 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1436) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) C
IVIL PENALTIES FOR POSTAL SHIP-
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) C
IVIL PENALTY .—A civil penalty shall be imposed against the United States Postal Service if the Postal Service accepts a ship-ment in violation of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall reduce or dismiss a civil penalty imposed pursuant to paragraph (1) if U.S. Customs and Border Protection deter-mines that the United States Postal Serv-ice— ‘‘(i) has a low error rate in compliance with section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002; ‘‘(ii) is cooperating with U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the viola-tion of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002; or ‘‘(iii) has taken remedial action to prevent future violations of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN NOTIFICATION .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall issue a written notification to the Postal Service with re-spect to each exercise of the authority of subparagraph (A) to reduce or dismiss a civil penalty imposed pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) O
NGOING LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If U.S. Customs and Border Protection determines that the United States Postal Service— ‘‘(A) has repeatedly committed violations of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002, ‘‘(B) has failed to cooperate with U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection with respect to violations of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002, and ‘‘(C) has an increasing error rate in compli-ance with section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, civil penalties may be imposed against the United States Postal Service until corrective action, satisfactory to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, is taken.’’. SEC. 8. REPORT ON VIOLATIONS OF ARRIVAL, RE-PORTING, ENTRY, AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS AND FALSITY OR LACK OF MANIFEST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an annual report that contains the informa-tion described in subsection (b) with respect to each violation of section 436 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1436), as amended by section 7, and section 584 of such Act (19 U.S.C. 1584) that occurred during the pre-vious year. (b) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The informa-tion described in this subsection is the fol-lowing: (1) The name and address of the violator. (2) The specific violation that was com-mitted. (3) The location or port of entry through which the items were transported. (4) An inventory of the items seized, in-cluding a description of the items and the quantity seized. (5) The location from which the items originated. (6) The entity responsible for the apprehen-sion or seizure, organized by location or port of entry. (7) The amount of penalties assessed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, orga-nized by name of the violator and location or port of entry. (8) The amount of penalties that U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection could have lev-ied, organized by name of the violator and location or port of entry. (9) The rationale for negotiating lower pen-alties, organized by name of the violator and location or port of entry. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 9. EFFECTIVE DATE; REGULATIONS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act and the amendments made by this Act (other than the amendments made by section 2) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, such regulations as are necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be prescribed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 5788, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to speak in support of H.R. 5788, the Synthetics Trafficking and Over-dose Prevention Act, which is short for STOP Act. By passing this important bipartisan bill today, we are standing up for the health and safety of our communities and families and closing an important loophole allowing contra-band to enter the United States through international mail. In my home State of Washington, there has been a 134 percent increase in opioid-related cases between 2004 and 2016, and opioid-related deaths in-creased by 33 percent. This increase, shockingly, exceeds our State’s popu-lation growth, and it is why the work that we have been doing in Congress and in the Ways and Means Committee is so important. In April, we held a hearing in the Trade Subcommittee with witnesses from the United States Customs and Border Protection and the United States Postal Service. They discussed how synthetic opioids are entering the United States through the inter-national mail system and how we can help them put a stop to this. The bipartisan legislation that we will vote on today supports their work by requiring advance electronic data on international mail shipments and allowing the Border Patrol to target for opioid shipments. It also holds these agencies accountable to do so much more than they have been doing by using hardline deadlines and man-dates, as well as penalties. Ultimately, the bill will require the Postal Service to refuse packages for which this infor-mation is not provided unless there is compelling reason. The opioid crisis must be addressed from every angle, and that includes stopping illicit synthetic opioids from entering our country. We must do more to protect our families, our commu-nities, and this bill would do just that. I want to thank Chairman BRADY and Ranking Member P
ASCRELL , Represent-ative M
IKE BISHOP , Representative J
OHNFASO, and many of my colleagues who have worked together on this bill. I would also like to thank the staffs of each one of these Members who have worked so hard and dedicated so much time on this critical issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the STOP Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.002 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5167 June 14, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I write concerning H.R. 5788, the ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018.’’ This legis-lation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 5788, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity agrees to forgo action on this bill. This is conditional on our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5788 at this time, the Committee on Homeland Security does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and will be appropriately consulted as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also re-serves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you sup-port any such request. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5788, ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018,’’ on which the Committee on Home-land Security was granted an additional re-ferral. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5788 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Homeland Security is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdic-tion. I would support your effort to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees on any House-Senate conference in-volving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOWDY : I write to you re-garding H.R. 5788, the ‘‘Securing the Inter-national Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018’’ on which the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform was granted an addi-tional referral. I ask that you waive formal consideration of H.R. 5788 so that it may pro-ceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of this bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 11, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. So that H.R. 5788 may proceed expedi-tiously to the House Floor, I agree to dis-charging the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from further consider-ation thereof. I agree that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform with respect to any future ju-risdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of mem-bers of the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform as conferees in any House- Senate conference on this or related legisla-tion. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by your Committee, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) be per-mitted to control the time of the ma-jority. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our country is cur-rently experiencing an epidemic of opioid-related overdoses and fatalities. My community and my State of Massa-chusetts are not strangers to the heart-break and devastation that we recog-nize on this occasion. There is a lot we can and should be doing about the opioid epidemic, and I am eager to work with my colleagues here in the House on comprehensive and effective solutions. For today, the bill we are to consider is a good start. The Synthetics Trafficking and Over-dose Prevention, or STOP, Act of 2018 shores up the ability of U.S. Customs to target and thwart shipments of syn-thetic opioids like fentanyl into the United States through the mail. It re-quires the U.S. Postal Service to col-lect important information about the contents and senders of packages from foreign postal services. I supported the earlier edition of this bill that was introduced in 2017 because I recognized the enormity of the devas-tation we face with opioids. I know that there were serious concerns with the earlier version of the bill, espe-cially with respect to the severity of the penalties it imposed on the Postal Service. I am glad that the STOP Act that we are considering today makes important improvements to that origi-nal bill and to those penalties and pro-visions. Let me especially express my appre-ciation for Ways and Means Trade Sub-committee Ranking Member BILLPAS-
CRELL , who has worked together with the Democrats on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the Senate, and the majority, obviously, to make improvements. I understand there were some contin-ued concerns with the bill, and we cer-tainly want to continue to work with interested parties to address those con-cerns. Given the urgency of the epidemic at hand, I am glad that we are able to support what is in front of us today, which I believe is a strong and achiev-able measure in this legislation to at least address part of the opioid epi-demic. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), and I ask unan-imous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 5788, the STOP Act. Mr. Speaker, this bill is focused on stopping synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil from entering our country through the international mail system. These synthetic opioids can be 50 to 500 times more potent than a regular street dose of heroin, and it is the ever- growing presence of these synthetic opiates in our country that is causing overdose deaths to skyrocket. In fact, today, according to the National Insti-tute on Drug Abuse, there are over 115 deaths each and every day from opioid overdose. To address this crisis, I have been traveling across my district in Michi-gan hosting townhalls and roundtables, where I have heard, firsthand, the dev-astating impact this crisis is having in our communities. I have also met with a wide range of officials in my district who are on the front lines of this crisis, including po-lice and fire personnel, emergency re-sponse personnel, educators, medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.003 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5168 June 14, 2018 
professionals, and others, all of whom are pleading for commonsense solu-tions at the Federal level to address this crisis, just like the bill we are vot-ing on today. I want to be candid; I agree. Cur-rently, our government is not doing enough to stop the flow of synthetic opiates coming through the inter-national mail system. I was astounded to find out that cur-rent law treats packages coming in through private carriers like FedEx and UPS differently than it does ship-ments through the international mail system. Private carriers are required to provide what is known as advance electronic data, or AED, on all inbound packages, while the same is not true for shipments handled by the United States Postal Service in the inter-national mail system. This advance electronic data includes three primary pieces of information: where a package is from, where it is going to, and what is in it. This is ac-tionable data that enables the CBP to target high-risk shipments for inspec-tion and seizure. Officials at the CBP will tell you this is all about finding a needle in a hay-stack. This AED information provides law enforcement the tools they need, the information they need to interdict and seize these illegal packages. b1230 So here, specifically, is what my bill would do: H.R. 5788 would require the United States Postal Service to obtain AED on all international mail ship-ments by 2020 so that the United States Customs and Border Protection can target suspicious packages for syn-thetic opioids and other dangerous shipments. It also requires USPS to ramp up 70 percent AED compliance by the end of this year. The legislation would also require the United States Postal Service to refuse shipment of any foreign package that does not have AED after 2020. Additionally, this bill includes strong enforcement and accountability provi-sions that will impose civil penalties against the United States Postal Serv-ice if they accept packages without AED after 2020. Lastly, and I think most impor-tantly, this bill gives Congress strong oversight authority, which includes bi-annual reporting to Congress and re-porting by the GAO to update us on the agency’s progress. In the end, it is the responsibility of Congress to ensure agencies are complying with the law. I would like to, if I could, quickly thank Chairman B
RADY , Chairman R
EICHERT , Ranking Member N EAL, Con-gressman P
ASCRELL , Congressmen F
ASOand K ELLY , and all my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Com-mittee for their support. I would also like to thank Senators H
ATCH , WYDEN , and P
ORTMAN for all their constructive input in this process. Mr. Speaker, this is about stopping dangerous opioids from entering our country. Too many Americans have died from the opioid crisis, and it is high time we take action to put a stop to the inflow of foreign synthetic opioids. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, to be on the floor today regarding a bill that we have been negotiating for many months and that deals with an incred-ibly important topic: the opioid epi-demic that is having a devastating im-pact across the country. Despite current efforts, this opioid epidemic continues to ravage our com-munities. Every day in this country, 115 Americans lose their lives to opioids—painkillers. In 2016, my home State of New Jersey alone experienced 2,056 lives lost to this epidemic. The New Jersey Attorney General predicts that it will be 3,000 this year. This legislation addresses one aspect of the crisis: synthetic opioids making their way into homes across the coun-try through the mail. According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, China is the primary source of the fentanyl that enters this country. Fentanyl is often sold online and then shipped to the United States in small quantities, making it very difficult to detect. I saw firsthand the way that the U.S. Postal Service and Customs is working together to stop the flow of synthetic opioids coming in through inter-national mail. I visited a mail facility in Secaucus, New Jersey, with rep-resentatives from these agencies and the Food and Drug Administration. I know that the Postal Service receives an overwhelming volume of mail and they are working hard with limited re-sources to screen shipments. But we have some clear strategies that we can employ to create an effective system for targeting shipments that have a risk of containing these opioids, name-ly collecting advance electronic data, AED, on all packages that enter the United States. The information contained in the AED typically includes the name and address of the shipper and recipient, as well as the contents of the package. CBP, Customs and Border Protection, uses this information to identify pack-ages that may pose a risk. Customs can then place a hold on the shipment and notify carriers that a package must be presented for examination. Private carriers have been required to collect this information since 2002, but we made the Postal Service exempt from this requirement. As a result, it has become the preferred method for shipping illicit materials, including opioids, into the United States. The version of the STOP Act that we are considering today is an amended version of the original act, which was introduced back in 2017. We had 271 sponsors on that legislation. The old STOP Act would have re-quired the United States Postal Serv-ice to collect 100 percent of that infor-mation within 1 year or face penalties of up to $5,000 for every package for which it failed to do so. A number of stakeholders raised concerns with this approach, so we worked with them, in-cluding the Postal Service and their unions, to try to arrive at a workable solution. As a result of these discussions and consultations, we have been able to make a number of important changes. The legislation on the floor today makes a number of significant changes that address the concerns raised by stakeholders. First, this bill allows more time for the United States Postal Service to come into compliance. The United States Postal Service will have until the end of 2020 to transmit the AED on all international mail delivered to the United States. This legislation includes a waiver that excludes countries that lack ca-pacity to collect that information and pose a low risk of violating U.S. laws from the 100 percent requirement. As a result, the United States Postal Serv-ice will not be penalized for issues that are outside its control and should be able to comply with its international commitments. Second, the amended legislation re-moves the requirement that the United States Postal Service hire a broker for every package that enters into the United States, saving costs and ensur-ing they can receive inbound mail under its current practices. Finally, the legislation provides for a more nuanced approach to United States Postal Service penalties. Cus-toms is required to reduce or eliminate penalties if the Postal Service does one of three things: it cooperates with Cus-toms, it has a high compliance rate, or it takes remedial measures. These changes were proposed by the United States Postal Service to address its concerns regarding the penalties provision. So as a practical matter, these changes mean that, if the Postal Service continues its current work, penalties will likely never be imposed. Further, the legislation does not allow penalties to be considered until 2021. I would also like to highlight lan-guage in the bill directing the Customs and Border Protection to provide an annual report on the individuals and the companies that are not providing this information and the manner in which it imposes penalties. Requiring the CBP to report this useful informa-tion on violators and violator penalty assessments I believe will enhance the interdiction of prohibited items from entering the United States through ex-press consignment operators. This revised bill has support from a variety of public safety and public health groups, as well as the National Conference of State Legislatures. Just before we started today, the Fraternal Order of Police sent a supporting letter in support of this. This is good news for both sides of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.021 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5169 June 14, 2018 
This revised bill has support from a variety of public safety and public health groups. Despite the significant changes, I understand that some of the stakeholders remain opposed, and we should understand that. We tried to work with those who have opposed. I respect the continued concerns that these stakeholders have articulated and look forward to working with them going forward. However, with the changes that we have been able to incorporate into this legislation on a bipartisan basis, I be-lieve that the current legislation pro-vides an aggressive but workable ap-proach to the United States Postal Service. I strongly support the legisla-tion, Mr. Speaker, on the floor today, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, all of us, everybody we know, has a lot of things that they are dealing with on a daily basis. There are challenges, and there are issues and little minicrises, until somebody gets a phone call that says that their child is in the emergency room with an opioid overdose. Then, all of a sudden, you have one crisis. That has been happening in my con-stituency, and I know that has been happening in districts all across the country. The first time this issue was brought to my attention, it was from a friend of mine. The coroner in DuPage County, Illinois, in my district, Dr. Rich Jorgensen said: Peter, there are kids who are dying of this crisis. He kept being a voice on this and bringing it to my attention. He and others in my home county, the HOPE Taskforce, have been joining together. I have met with them. They have given me feedback. Similarly, there is an-other task force, the Substance Abuse Coalition in McHenry County, Illinois, doing similar work. As I have met with them, they have said that one of the challenges is that this drug, this fentanyl, comes in through the United States Postal Serv-ice. When you first hear about this, you are incredulous about it. You say: No, that can’t be. But the more you learn, the more you realize that this is a major prob-lem. In fact, in terms of importing this or this crossing our border, my under-standing is that this is at the top of the heap. To understand the nature, the science, and the medicine behind fentanyl is to mean that it scares the living daylights out of you. This mol-ecule gets in your body, and the power of it is just overwhelming. So I want to thank Mr. B
ISHOP , and I want to thank Mr. P
ASCRELL for the work that they are doing on a bipar-tisan basis to bring people together to work through this and to come up with solutions. Now, this is not the only thing that is going to be happening here. This is in the context of other pieces of legis-lation. This is in the context of looking at treatment reimbursement, of screen-ing, and of education. But this inbound flow is something that this Congress can do something about. Just in a nut-shell, bringing together the United States Postal Service, the CBP, and also the United States State Depart-ment to work together in a coordinated fashion is something that my district is really pleased about. So I am pleased to be here to advo-cate on its behalf, and I urge its pas-sage. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ASCRELL for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  two documents. One is an article from the Chicago Sun Times of today, ‘‘A 4– Block Radius on the West Side Is at the Heart of Chicago’s Opioid Epi-demic,’’ and ‘‘The Opioid Crisis in Illi-nois’’ by the Illinois Department of Human Services. 
[From the Chicago Sun Times, June 14, 2018] A 4-B
LOCK RADIUS ON THE WESTSIDEISA T 
THEHEART OF CHICAGO ’SOPIOID EPIDEMIC  (By Tanveer Ali and Sam Charles) On July 15, 2016, Darwin Phillips was found dead by his mother in the basement of the home in West Humboldt Park where she and Phillips had lived since she bought it in 1979. He was 50 when he died of an overdose of heroin and two types of Fentanyl, heroin’s synthetic but deadlier cousin, an autopsy found. ‘‘A sweet guy’’ who worked odd jobs while grappling with mental illness and addiction and was the father of two, Phillips had overdosed five times before his fatal OD, ac-cording to his mother Jamie Roberts. ‘‘It’s a disease,’’ says Roberts. ‘‘It’s sad that people take advantage of drug addicts. It still bothers me a lot. We tried to get him help.’’ Phillips’ death was one of 745 in Cook County in 2016 linked to opioids, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s of-fice. In Chicago, African-American victims like Phillips accounted for 362 of those deaths—48 percent. That stands in contrast to what’s going on nationally. Across the United States, white people accounted for about 78 percent of all opioid deaths in 2016, research by the Kaiser Family Foundation found. ‘‘The epidemic in Chicago is not the na-tional epidemic,’’ says Amanda Brooks, chief population health officer of the PCC Commu-nity Wellness Center, (http:// www.pccwellness.org) which focuses largely on the West Side. ‘‘The Chicago epidemic is affecting 45- to 65-year-old men on the West Side.’’ In 2014, there were 212 opioid-related deaths in Cook County, 129 of them in Chi-cago, according to the medical examiner’s office. By 2017, Cook County had 1,150 opioid deaths, 764 of those in Chicago. By comparison, Chicago saw 664 homicides in 2017 (https://chicago.suntimes.com/news/ chicago-murders-homicides-2017-steep-de-cline/). What’s changed to cause the rise in opioid deaths? The rise of Fentanyl, experts say. The powerful painkiller is legally available by prescription. But it also can easily be manufactured illegally and typically is mixed by dealers with other illicit, though less deadly, drugs like heroin—often without users knowing they’re taking Fentanyl. ‘‘Most of our patients are not intentionally taking Fentanyl,’’ Brooks says. About 5 percent of the opioid deaths in 2014 were Fentanyl-related, according to medical examiner data, and 67 percent were tied to heroin. By 2017, Fentanyl was a factor in 57 per-cent of opioid deaths in Cook County, while heroin played a role in 66 percent. A com-bination of the two played a role in 37 per-cent. While the number of opioid deaths has risen sharply countywide since 2014, the im-pact largely has been felt in areas with a lack of resources. In 2017, Chicago Fire Department crews were dispatched to 9,158 opioid-related overdoses, records show—up 163 percent com-pared to 2014. The hardest-hit parts of the city. West Side neighborhoods like Garfield Park, West Humboldt Park, Austin and North Lawndale. A four-block radius roughly around Ridge-way and Augusta alone was responsible for 1,257 calls in 2016 and 2017—about 7.2 percent of all opioid-related calls citywide during that period. That’s the area where Phillips died. His mother says drug dealers don’t set up in the immediate area around her home, as she and her neighbors have made it clear that they want to keep their sidewalks crime-free. When the weather turned warm, Roberts resumed what’s become a summer tradition for her selling snow-cones for 25 cents to $1 outside her home. ‘‘This,’’ Roberts says, ‘‘is my corner.’’ 
[From the Illinois Department of Human Services] T
HEOPIOID CRISIS IN ILLINOIS : DATA AND THE  S
TATE ’SRESPONSE  
STATEWIDE DRUG OVERDOSE TRENDS  Nature of the Opioid Use Disorder Prob-lem—The opioid crisis has manifested itself in the form of multiple public health prob-lems. An analysis of the nature and extent of these problems provides evidence of the seri-ousness of the opioid crisis in Illinois, the widespread prevalence of these problems across our state, and the existence of popu-lations and local areas with the most critical gaps in services. Opioid Overdose Deaths—Perhaps none of these problems has heightened the awareness of the general public to the same degree as the recent dramatic increase in opioid over-dose deaths. Drug overdose deaths in this country nearly tripled from 1999 to 2014. Among the 47,055 drug overdose deaths that occurred in the U.S. in 2014, 28,647 (60.9 per-cent) involved an opioid. Like many states, Illinois has recently experienced a notable increase in drug overdose deaths that can primarily be attributed to an increase in opioid overdose deaths. Provisional death records data obtained from the Illinois De-partment of Public Health (IDPH) show 2,278 drug-related overdose deaths during 2016. This represents a 44.3 percent increase over the 1,579, drug-related overdose deaths that were reported by IDPH for 2013. This state-wide increase in drug-related overdose deaths is almost totally accounted for by an increase in opioid-related overdose deaths. Of the 2,278 Illinois statewide drug overdose deaths during 2016, over 80 percent were opioid-related fatalities. The 1,826 opioid-re-lated overdose deaths among Illinois resi-dents that have been provisionally reported for 2016 represents an over 70 percent in-crease in the number of such deaths that were reported in 2013, and a 32.1 percent in-crease over the 1,382 opioid-related overdose that were reported to IDPH for 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.023 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5170 June 14, 2018 
The maps below illustrate the number and population rates of opioid overdose deaths across Illinois’ 102 counties during 2016. The map based on the number of opioid overdose deaths during 2016 provides evidence that the opioid crisis continues to impact commu-nities and individuals throughout Illinois. Cook County accounted for nearly 50 percent of the opioid overdose death in Illinois dur-ing 2016. The 911 opioid overdose deaths re-ported for Cook County in 2016 represented an 87.4 percent increase from the 486 such death that were reported for this county dur-ing 2013. Specific to the City of Chicago, the 581 opioid overdose deaths in 2016 represented a 93 percent increase from the 301 such deaths reported in 2013. As has been the case in previous years, the counties bordering on Cook and other counties with relatively high resident populations, particularly Madison, Peoria, St. Clair, and Winnebago counties, were major contributors to the statewide number of opioid overdose deaths in 2016. The state map based on county population rates of opioid overdose deaths provides fur-ther insight into the locality-specific and statewide severity of this problem in Illinois. This map shows that several Illinois counties have resident population rates of opioid overdose deaths that are not only equal to, but greater than, that of Cook County. In fact, there were 18 Illinois counties that had 2016 population rates of opioid overdose deaths that were greater than that of Cook County. Twelve (12) of the counties with the highest 2016 population rates of opioid over-dose deaths are in IDHS Regions 4 and 5. These two service regions have the lowest levels of currently-available opioid use dis-order (OUD) medication assisted treatment (MAT) resources in the state. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the purpose of the STOP Act is to address the influx of synthetic opioids arriving through international mail. Given the growing harm to our communities from substance abuse, I, too, want to thank and commend the Ways and Means Committee for its hard work on developing this legisla-tion. Especially, I want to point out the efforts of Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. B
ISHOP . I am strongly committed to pre-venting the shipments of dangerous and illegal opioids into the United States. I support the intent of this bill to limit illegal trafficking of drugs, and I voted in support of this bill in the Ways and Means Committee. However, after the last-minute changes made to this bill in the Rules Committee, I, unfortunately, cannot support H.R. 5788. The Republican lead-ership insisted on last-minute changes to impose civil penalties on the Postal Service for any accepted shipment lacking advance electronic data with-out allowing enough time to fully vet the impact of the changes with critical stakeholders. I am concerned about the fairness of imposing civil penalties for individual shipments lacking electronic data when the Postal Service lacks direct control over whether foreign postal op-erators provide this data. I am con-cerned that having one executive branch entity impose penalties on an-other would set up an adversarial rela-tionship in addressing illegal drug traf-ficking rather than a collaborative re-lationship. I am also concerned that penalties are imposed based on indi-vidual shipments rather than system-atic violations. I appreciate the work of my Demo-cratic colleagues to mitigate the nega-tive effects of these civil penalties; however, due to the concerns of the U.S. Postal Service and the postal unions about the negative impact of these last-minute changes by Repub-lican leadership, I cannot support this bill at this time. I am committed to stopping the shipment of dangerous drugs and to working to resolve these problems as this legislation continues to move forward. I urge that we continue to work to improve it and make it the very best that it can be without threatening in any way the viability of postal oper-ations. b1245 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO). Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
ISHOP for yielding and for his leader-ship on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788, the amended Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act of 2018. Once signed into law, this legislation will help combat our Na-tion’s growing opioid crisis by pre-venting the easy importation of syn-thetic opioids through the United States Postal Service. Under current law, private shipping companies are required to provide Cus-toms and Border Protection with ad-vance electronic data for packages in-bound to the United States. The inclu-sion of this data makes illegally shipped items easier to track and lo-cate. This standard is not imposed on our own Postal Service, however, even though the U.S. Postal Service brought more than four times the number of packages into the U.S. than all private carriers like FedEx and UPS did in 2016, combined. This bill will bring the U.S. Postal Service up to industry standards by re-quiring advance electronic data for 100 percent of packages by 2020 and a strong goal of 70 percent by the end of this year. Also required is a 2019 study by the GAO assessing the progress made by the Postal Service. By requir-ing this data of foreign shippers, we can help to keep dangerous synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil off our streets. The abundance of fentanyl within our borders is leading to an increase in overdoses and overdose-related deaths. A recent study from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration indicated that fentanyl is now the most common fatal overdose drug in the United States. Of the roughly 42,000 opioid overdose deaths in 2016, about 20,000 of those were from fentanyl. Mr. Speaker, just how dangerous is fentanyl and carfentanil? I can relate to you a recent incident which oc-curred in our State of New York. Seizures of fentanyl in the New York area spiked by over 1,000 percent be-tween 2016 and 2017. In 2016, in New York City, where JFK International Airport is a major transshipment point, 62 pounds of fentanyl were seized. In 2017, 1,162 pounds were seized. Earlier this year, in just one bust, of-ficials seized nearly 100 pounds of fentanyl, which is said to be enough to kill the entire population of New York City and New Jersey, combined. This bill is a commonsense, bipar-tisan approach to fix the problem. I would very much like to thank Chairman BRADY , Chairman R EICHERT , Mr. B
ISHOP , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Senator P
ORTMAN for their important leader-ship on this issue, and I urge all my colleagues to support this vitally sig-nificant legislation. Mr. Speaker, we are passing numer-ous bills this week dealing with the opioid crisis. Perhaps none is as impor-tant as the STOP Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there aren’t many today who haven’t been touched by the opioid crisis in America. This swift and devastating epidemic has hit every community in America and robbed countless individ-uals of their hopes and ambitions. Addiction is devastating to witness and, in some cases, it only takes 5 days for someone’s son, daughter, or parent to become addicted. The sad truth is that, all too often, many become ad-dicted after taking an opioid for a le-gitimate reason. This is an epidemic that has torn apart families and left in its path of destruction a generation of children without parents and parents faced with burying their kids. We have also seen more and more news stories of law enforcement agents having near-fatal encounters with just trace amounts of these synthetic opioids such as fentanyl. In one case, a small fleck almost killed a police offi-cer in Ohio. This is a frightening re-minder of how dangerous these sub-stances truly are. The loss of so many Americans due to opioid addiction is unfathomable. In 2016 alone, more Americans died due to opioid overdoses than were lost over the entire Vietnam war. The scale of the crisis is immense. The loss of potential for so many is hard to comprehend, but House Repub-licans and Democrats are coming to-gether in fighting with every tool in our arsenal to combat the opioid crisis. That is why today I rise in strong support of H.R. 5788, known as the STOP Act. This bipartisan bill address-es a serious problem that has helped fuel the opioid epidemic: cheap and il-legal synthetic opioids shipped from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.006 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5171 June 14, 2018 
foreign nations through the inter-national mail. From our speakers today you have learned about the prov-en techniques to stop this drug smug-gling. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the leaders who brought this solution to the floor. I thank Congressman B
ISHOP  of Michigan, the author of this bill, for his leadership; as well as Ranking Member P
ASCRELL of New Jersey; chairman of the Trade Subcommittee, D
AVID REICHERT of Washington; Con-gressman J
OHNFASOof New York; and Senator P
ORTMAN from Ohio for their diligent work to deliver a hard-hitting solution to this very serious problem. I am confident that this bill, shaped by Republicans and Democrats working together, will make a difference in the opioid crisis and help protect many Americans. By passing this bill, we can take meaningful action to help stop the flow of the illegal smuggling of opioids into this Nation. I urge my colleagues to join in sup-porting this bill. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers on my side, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, we know the opioid epidemic has, unfortu-nately, been tearing apart commu-nities all across our entire country. I want to share a story in particular that is similar to the heartbreak and heart-ache we have heard from others today. Keegan: Keegan Duffy was 30 years old when he died in January of last year after an accidental overdose. He had just received his master’s degree, had a promising career in computer science, was an avid outdoorsman, and volunteered a lot of his time to helping the poor. His addiction started like so many others. He was prescribed 120 pills after suffering chronic back pain. After that first pill, unfortunately, he was hooked. Despite almost a dozen at-tempts to break free of his addiction in rehabilitation, he could never really quite do it. Ultimately, he died of an overdose that came from fentanyl, a synthetic drug made in Asia, bought online, and smuggled into the United States. Keegan’s story was told to me per-sonally by his mother. It was heart-breaking. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a very loving tribute to Keegan written by his mother and father, Dave and Jean Duffy. 
STATEMENT OF JEAN AND DAVEDUFFY , F
ATHER OF KEEGAN , JUNE14, 2018 Keegan was 30 years old when he passed away Jan 3, 2017 of an accidental overdose of opioids. At the time of his death, he was working as a successful computer profes-sional, having just graduated from Arizona State William Carey School of Business with a Masters degree in Information Systems. He had a natural talent for music and loved playing guitar. He was an avid outdoorsman, golfer, boat-er, skier and fisherman. He was also known for his huge heart, helping the poor find re-sources, teaching people how to get back in school, and giving free haircuts to homeless and needy. Most of all he was a special son and broth-er to his parents and two beautiful sisters. He is missed by all of us every single day. Keegan became addicted to Oxycodone after receiving 120 pills from a doctor for back pain, while an undergrad. He said he was addicted after taking the very first pill. His addiction became chronic progressive, despite his nearly dozen attempts to get bet-ter in well known treatment facilities, in-cluding 6 month stays. Keegan often said, ‘‘I can figure everything else out in life, but I can’t figure out how to end my cravings.’’ Unfortunately, it’s not something one can just figure out, as we all know. I called the drug task force and the police to report several doctors, who were encour-aging him to take massive amounts of this drug as well as other highly addictive drugs. For some of these doctors, this resulted in the loss of their license to practice. One of Keegan’s sisters, Bridget, is in her final year of Neuroscience in the U of Min-nesota. She volunteers in homes for addicts and also has a part time job supporting re-search at the University, to find a vaccine to prevent opioid addiction. She plans to con-tinue her studies in medical school. Thank you so much for remembering Keegan. Jean & Dave Duffy Mr. PAULSEN. Keegan’s story is why this legislation is so important and how it will save other lives. International mail is often a very easy route that we have seen used for smuggling or the importation of dan-gerous fentanyl here into the United States. While private carriers have to submit advance electronic data for any of their data about packages that come here into the United States, the Postal Service has been exempt. So we have a loophole. That loophole is being exploited by smugglers, giving traffickers an easy opportunity to have fentanyl come into America. The STOP Act closes that loophole. It is supported on a bipartisan basis. It will make it harder and much more difficult to smuggle in fentanyl-laced drugs that not only murdered Keegan but, unfortunately, have inflicted pain through tragic deaths in other count-less families across our country and so that we can save other American lives, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. B
ISHOP and Mr. P ASCRELL  for their leadership on this legislation. I look forward to seeing it passed later today, because we are finding solutions to the opioid epidemic. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
ARRIS ). Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788. Mr. Speaker, there are many facets of opioid abuse and overdoses. We are going to need many pieces of legisla-tion to deal with all of them. This is a particularly important piece of legisla-tion. It deals with the use of the U.S. mail service to import synthetic opioids. As an anesthesiologist, I have used synthetic opioids for over 30 years, es-pecially the synthetic opioid fentanyl. After it was discovered, it was widely used in a very important drug, espe-cially to treat our sickest patients; but now it is a killer drug, frequently used illegally, mixed with heroin. Because of its very specific pharma-cologic action, it is highly lethal when misused. To add to that, Mr. Speaker, now there is a derivative called carfentanil that is 100 times more po-tent. Why is it so important that we se-cure our mail system? A grain of rice is 29 milligrams. That is the weight of a grain of rice. Fentanyl the size of a grain of rice will kill 29 people. That is how lethal it is. If it is carfentanil, it is 100 hundred times more potent. That grain of rice- sized piece of carfentanil will kill 2,900 people. Obviously, the mail system can be used to transport these drugs. Because these are so highly lethal, in Maryland, half our overdose deaths now involve fentanyl or a derivative. Because these are so small, so con-cealable, so highly lethal, we have to secure all mechanisms by which these drugs can be transmitted to be used il-legally. The mail system right now, be-cause of loopholes that exist that we have heard about today, can be used to transport those drugs to kill our youth. They are imported from foreign coun-tries, where, without any remorse, these drugs are shipped to the United States and result in overdose deaths here. Mr. Speaker, we have to pass H.R. 5788. We have to secure our mail sys-tem and take the scourge of these fentanyl, carfentanil, and other syn-thetic opioids off our streets where they are killing young Americans. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788, the STOP Act, sponsored by my good friend M
IKE B
ISHOP . This important piece of legislation would secure our mail system from fentanyl and other dangerous synthetic opioids that are flooding into the United States from foreign countries, namely China and Mexico. The opioid crisis kills more than 100 Americans each day and caused more than 45,000 deaths last year alone. In 2016, more Americans died from a drug overdose than we lost in Vietnam. A third of those deaths are attributable to fentanyl. Over the last few years, I have wit-nessed my kids losing their peers to this crisis, and it is terrifying. Yesterday, I spoke to the mother of Nate Gordon, a young man from my district, who lost his life due to a fentanyl-laced overdose. Nate’s mother and the rest of his family are heart-broken. We have a responsibility to stem the tide of this crisis and prevent more families from suffering the tragic loss 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.025 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5172 June 14, 2018 
of one who is loved to opioid addiction. A vital component of this effort is plugging the holes in our mail system and stopping illicit substances from en-tering the United States. So far this year, Customs and Border Patrol, working with the U.S. Postal Service, has seized more than 790 pounds of fentanyl. That is enough fentanyl to kill 179 million people. To put that in perspective, that is more than half our population. My friend Mr. H
ARRIS talked about the size of a grain of rice. How about 1 gram, Mr. Speaker, a Sweet’n Low packet, something that we use every day? It is enough to kill 500 people. The STOP Act is a great companion to the bill I recently introduced with my friend T
OMCOTTON that provides the U.S. Postal Service with more re-sources to screen international mail to stop these insane amounts of drugs coming into our country. I thank my friend from Michigan for his thoughtful work to implement this much-needed policy change. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. b1300 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I plead with you and my brothers and sisters on the other side of the aisle. I think we are making a big step today in this piece of legisla-tion. I know there are other pieces. I would recommend, Mr. Speaker, that we approach this deadly epi-demic—and it is deadly—in the same way that we approached the epidemic at the end of the eighties and the early nineties, and that was the epidemic of the HIV virus. No one wanted to talk about it, Mr. Speaker, so people died when they could have been saved if we had had knowledge of prevention, if we had had knowledge of how we take care of those folks. It took us until the beginning of the nineties, until we opened up local clin-ics, until people felt less involved in a stigma. Then they had to come out from the shadows to protect the rest of the population, including themselves. Then we came together, and the Fed-eral Government passed the Ryan White legislation, which has been a big help on the HIV virus. Then we came together. Unfortunately, maladies bring Amer-icans together. Well, that is good that we do come together, though. I ask and plead that we have the same vigor in approaching opiates and approaching fentanyl, which is coming in from other countries. If we do that, we will not only survive; we will help those—and we will prevent many from falling into the trap. You have heard some people talk about that trap today, starting with painkillers and moving on to even more dangerous drugs. We are going to get through this. We are going to get through this. Yester-day we passed by voice vote legislation to change the protocol on how we ap-proach the patients, not only in the emergency rooms of America, but in many departments and hospitals across the United States. We need to find al-ternatives to the very opiates that are making fools of us. Those alternatives shall be part of the solution, part of the solution to getting to the promised land, as the gentleman says. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. BISHOP . I want to thank Mr. B RADY . I want to thank my good friend from Massachusetts, R
ICHIE NEAL, and all of those who worked on this legislation: D
AVID REICHERT and many more. I con-gratulate our persistence in getting through a lot of hurdles. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Mr. P
ASCRELL . I would like to thank the staff as well for all of their hard work in this process. This is an epidemic. This is an issue that is not a Republican issue. This is not a Democrat issue. This is our issue. It is happening every day. Mr. Speaker, 115 Americans are dying each and every day due to opioid overdose. We are talking about mothers, fathers, chil-dren—too many children in our com-munities. We know the current system is fail-ing Americans. We are allowing these foreign criminals and drug dealers to exploit a very obvious loophole in the law. That is why this bill is so impor-tant. That is why it is important for Members of Congress to come together and get something done. This bill sets hard deadlines that will require all packages coming into our country to have this actionable data that will enable the U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict and seize shipments of these dangerous packages and keep them off the streets, the American streets. In closing, I just would like to say to all those here today: I know that we all have a story. I want to reiterate that we all have a story, and we have now a moral obligation to close this obvious loophole. I call upon my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR RE-COVERY IN VIABLE ENVIRON-MENTS DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 5735. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 934 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5735. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1309 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transi-tional housing for individuals recov-ering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I received a letter not long ago from a constituent, Jim, from Dallas County. The first three words were: I need help. In the letter, he talks about his grandson, Joshua, who is a good kid. Jim became his guardian at age 6, but Joshua took a bad turn at age 16. It was at age 16 he started using opioids. His life has never been the same. Jim writes that at first his grandson started out with pills and then, later, street drugs and ended up on heroin. No surprise here, Mr. Chairman: His usage escalated, and he ended up dropping out of school in the last semester of high school. Along the way, he found a menial job here, a menial job there, but he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.027 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5173 June 14, 2018 
couldn’t hold one down because of the drug usage. Jim tried to help him every way he could. He said that in the sum-mer of 2014 his opioid usage brought him almost to death. I won’t say the story has a happy ending, but at least he is now trying to turn his life around. He is off of opioids, and he is on other medications: methadone, Xanax. He has actually gone back and gotten his high school diploma. He has learned how to operate a fork-lift, but because of the damage that has been done, he can’t hold down a job. His drug costs are expensive. He still needs help. Mr. Chair, you know what is unusual about this story? Regrettably, nothing. Nothing is unusual about this story. Again, although it doesn’t have a happy ending—and we don’t know how this story is going to end—at least it doesn’t have a tragic end, because far too many stories like it end in the tragedy of death. And my guess is, Mr. Chair, that every single Member of this body could read a similar letter as I read from Jim from Dallas. I have been in this House now for eight terms. Rarely—rarely—does a week go by that somebody doesn’t use the term ‘‘crisis.’’ And most of the time I don’t give it much thought. But Mr. Chair, when somebody says there is a crisis of opioid use in America, I could not agree more. How negligent this body would be if we didn’t declare war on this crisis and do what is right and what is smart to address this cri-sis. So today, out of the House Financial Services Committee, I am bringing up a bill by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), a member of our leadership team. I want to thank him for his lead-ership, because I know how heartfelt the pain he knows from his district is. What the gentleman from Kentucky is bringing before us is that we have seen evidence that transitional housing can be a proven method to really help thousands and thousands of Americans like Joshua that I describe, to help them maintain their sobriety after completing rehab and as they are gain-ing skills and training and trying to get back into being independent, pro-ductive members of society. So the gentleman from Kentucky says: It is time for a demonstration project, because we have some evi-dence. We have evidence already. And out of the 2.2 million Section 8 housing vouchers, the government’s largest means-tested housing assistance pro-gram, let’s take less than 1 percent of them—in fact, 0.5 percent of them—and on a temporary basis let’s allocate some of these Section 8 housing vouch-ers to people who are literally dying of opioid addiction every day and need transitional housing options in a recov-ery evidence-based program. b1315 I really think, Mr. Chairman, it is the least we can do today. I am sorry that this is not on the House’s suspen-sion calendar. Demonstration programs are done every single day in the gov-ernment. Again, I would hope that this is something that we could join over-whelmingly on both sides of the aisle to do. Apparently, that is not the case, but I don’t think this House will be de-terred. I do not think this House will be deterred. I think, very soon, people like Joshua who are getting their life turned around can at least have transi-tional housing options to support their recovery. When they do, we will thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, as I sat here and I lis-tened to Congressman H
ENSARLING , the chair of the Financial Services Com-mittee, where I serve as ranking mem-ber, I thought to myself he was abso-lutely correct on many of the issues that he surfaced when he held the let-ter up in the air and he said that there are many Members of Congress who could tell similar stories or maybe have gotten similar letters. He is abso-lutely correct. Even more than that, there are many of us who have watched the devasta-tion of communities that we represent because of drug addiction over the years for a long time. Unfortunately, many of these stories ended in tragedy, and I am pleased that we are focusing time and attention on opioid addiction and abuse. I am so absolutely thrilled that we are paying attention, and we are recog-nizing that this is literally a disease and that we can help people, that we can do rehabilitation, that we can pro-vide resources to keep people from dying and being imprisoned and treated in ways that will not help deal with the problem in any real ways. I am pleased about all of that, and I think the inten-tions of many of our Members are very good, that they really want to do some-thing because many of them are seeing this for the first time. But let me tell you how many years I have been seeing this. Let me tell you about how many deaths I know about. Let me tell you about the imprison-ment of those who were both addicted and dealing drugs. Let me tell you about those who have died not only from heroin, that you are seeing now, but crack cocaine and other kinds of drugs and the mixtures that we don’t even know about that have caused so many deaths, so much devastation. So I want to do everything that I can to share my knowledge with you, to share my experiences with you, to help in every way that I possibly can move to credible, reasonable, sensible, reha-bilitation and support and assistance for those who are addicted. We are trying, as I can see in many of the bills that are being produced, to do what we think is best, but much of it needs more consideration. It needs bet-ter understanding. Today, we hear talking about a piece of legislation that I think the author of the legislation is absolutely sincere in what he would like to do. He is seeing drug addicted persons who have abused not only prescription drugs but all the way to heroin on the streets without jobs, laying in the alleys without sup-port, without housing, no place to go, and that is what he is attempting to do. He is attempting to do everything that he possibly can to get them safe and secure places to live with the other resources that must go along with it, supportive resources in order to help them become the persons that they can be. But you cannot do this on the cheap. You cannot do this without under-standing that rehabilitation costs money. So, while I absolutely applaud the at-tempt, I want to share with you that taking 10,000 vouchers from those who have been waiting in line for years—I am talking about single-family parents with their children who simply are praying and hoping that they can get a voucher so that they can get a decent place to live. I am not talking about drug addicted people, necessarily. I am talking about people, some of whom work every day on minimum wages who cannot afford the first and last month’s rent to get into a place. I am talking about those who, even if they could find a place, they would be paying more than 30 per-cent of their income to have a safe and decent place. I am talking about those who have been living in rental units that really need more than just reha-bilitation. They are dangerous places that people are living. They are places that still are not pro-tected from wind and rain and all of those things that people should not have to experience trying to live in a decent place to live. I am talking about people who are living in apartments that the ceilings are falling in who are looking for a decent place. I am talk-ing about people who call every day to check to see if in fact they are going to be the next person who is going to be allowed a voucher. I am talking about people who have been waiting 2 and 3 years and on and on and on. So I support the idea that the new population of opioid abusers can have a decent place to live and resources, but let’s not deny the people who have been standing in line, who have been pray-ing, who have been hoping for a decent place. Let’s not take 10,000 vouchers in a so-called demonstration project. Really, we don’t need a demonstra-tion project. I can tell you, many folks in this House can tell you what they know and what they have experienced so that we can put together good, cred-ible, sensible legislation. But it will cost some money. It is not about taking from one and giving to the other. The old people call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.029 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5174 June 14, 2018 
that robbing Peter to pay Paul. We don’t want to do that. We don’t want to say to Ms. Jones with 3 kids out there waiting in line for 4 years, 3 years, 2 years, what have you: Sorry, we have a new population that we are going to serve. No, we are not going to vote for more money, for more resources. We are going to take from your oppor-tunity. Sorry you have been standing in line all this long. So, Mr. Chairman, I want to be help-ful to all of the folks who need our help. I understand the shock that many are going through who are experiencing this for the first time, but I want you to know about the many nights that I have gone to bed when I have heard about another death of someone who is addicted, who has not had a place to live, who has been on somebody’s door-step, who has been in an alley. I want you to know what I know and what I understand about that mother who has begged me to help find a bed in a unit, a rehabilitative unit that could be used. So this is not the way to do it, and this is not about creating new non-profits with no experience, no back-ground, to be able to implement this program. This is about understanding all the people who have struggled with these nonprofits, who begged for money, who begged for resources to deal with the populations who are basi-cally dying from this addiction. So whether it is about the fact that there is not enough money here, or we should not be developing new non-profits to do this because we have expe-rience with our public housing entities that know how to do this, this is about us saying: Yes, we have a problem, and we are going to spend the money. We are going to put the time in on it to de-velop the good, credible legislation. We are going to be serious about it. We don’t want to just look like we are try-ing to do something. We are going to be positive. We are going to be com-mitted. We are going to do what it takes in order to help these people who are waiting and looking for just an-other chance in life. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), the chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee of the Financial Services Committee and author of the Transi-tional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, or THRIVE Act. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Act, or the THRIVE Act. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING , Chairman D
UFFY , and my colleagues on the House Financial Services Com-mittee for their support and feedback on this legislation. I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for sharing that very compelling story about his con-stituent, Joshua. Unfortunately, so many of us have constituents with similar stories, and that is what we are trying to address here today. We all know the opioid epidemic is a major health crisis that has impacted every community in every congres-sional district; 116 Americans die every day from opioid overdoses. My home State of Kentucky has the third high-est overdose mortality rate in the country. This week, the House is considering several pieces of legislation to address this epidemic, and in order to achieve meaningful progress in the fight against opioids in our Nation, Congress can no longer simply focus on preven-tion, enforcement, and treatment. We must also begin to implement policies that focus on long-term recovery. Our Federal housing programs are an un-derutilized resource in these efforts. The THRIVE Act would make sup-portive housing more accessible to those most in need by allocating a lim-ited number of Section 8 housing choice vouchers to nonprofits—non-profits that have experience in hous-ing. Not new nonprofits—nonprofits with a record of providing housing services, workforce development, job placement, financial literacy, and con-tinued addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of rehab or a period of medication-as-sisted treatment and back into the workforce. This legislation would only allocate either 10,000 or 0.5 percent of total housing choice vouchers, whichever is less, to evidence-based nonprofits serv-ing people who are literally dying each and every day of opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. And the demonstration is limited to 5 years. No one would have a voucher taken away from them, despite what my friend, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, is saying. No one would have a voucher taken away from them to cre-ate this demonstration program. An estimated 198,000 Section 8 vouch-ers are turned over every year and re-turned to HUD, and it is from this amount that the demonstration would set aside only 10,000 to address a deadly national public health crisis. Additionally, we made a commit-ment to working with our Democratic colleagues, including Congresswoman SINEMA , who has signed a joint letter with me to request additional funding from the Appropriations Committee to support this demonstration, because we understand the urgent need for greater Federal investment to save lives. So the ranking member’s argument really doesn’t apply. The THRIVE Act has received en-dorsements from over 140 housing and recovery organizations across the country, including Addiction Policy Forum, the American Academy of Ad-diction Psychiatry, National Associa-tion of Social Workers, Faces & Voices of Recovery, the Association for Addic-tion Professionals, and more than 100 others that are on the front lines of ad-diction recovery. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. YODER ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, HUD Sec-retary Ben Carson visited several of these transitional nonprofits in my dis-trict in Kentucky earlier this year, and he witnessed firsthand the success of these evidence-based models of recov-ery. I would like to especially recognize St. James Place, Revive LifeHouse, the Hope Center, Shepherd’s House, and Chrysalis House, among others, for their critical work in the Sixth Dis-trict of Kentucky that inspired this legislation. Mr. Chairman, the THRIVE Act would save American lives, as well as taxpayer funds in the long run, by helping more individuals rise above ad-diction and poverty. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I think we should have a little clarity in what is being presented by my colleague about whether or not vouchers will be taken away from anybody. The fact of the matter is nobody thinks that vouchers will be taken away from anybody. They will never get the voucher. b1330 They are standing in line waiting for years to get Section 8 vouchers to be able to have a decent place to live. That means that you take 10,000 vouch-ers away from the people, and the fami-lies, and the children, who have been waiting in line all of this time and you give it to a new population of people. That is what this is all about. That cannot be denied, and that is a fact. I am sure that my colleague who is proposing this legislation will agree with me, the fact of the matter is, that person who has been waiting for so long will have to continue to wait, be-cause the voucher that he or she could have gotten is going to go to someone else. Let me just talk a little bit about Mr. B
ARR’s letter that he sent to the appropriators. First of all, I want to thank him for offering to send the let-ter. And I want to thank him for com-ing to me and asking me if I would sign on to the letter. What Mr. B
ARR is doing is—if I may correctly describe this—is having second thoughts about the fact that you need some money, you need some resources in this pro-gram. So the gentleman from Ken-tucky’s letter to the appropriators is basically meaningless, because his own bill directly contradicts it. And I pointed this out to him as we had this discussion. The plain text of H.R. 5735 states, ‘‘No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.030 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5175 June 14, 2018 
and the amendments made by this act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated.’’ Mr. Chairman, you can’t have it both ways. You can’t support language that specifically prohibits appropriators from funding your demonstration and then turn around and ask the appropri-ators to provide funding. This just doesn’t make good sense. That is why I had to say that I could not sign on with him on that letter, knowing what the language was in the legislation. So, if the gentleman from Kentucky wants funding for this demonstration, he needs to be consistent in his advo-cacy for that funding, and that in-cludes petitioning his own leadership for a waiver of their rules preventing bills that cost money from being con-sidered. I would be happy to join the gen-tleman from Kentucky in requesting funding for additional vouchers to sup-port people with substance use dis-orders. But I cannot support this un-workable demonstration. And I cannot lend credibility to his efforts to dis-tract us from the fact that his bill would take vouchers away from fami-lies in need, who have been standing in line begging, waiting, and praying for a decent, safe and secure place for them and their families to live. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the full committee for his support of this fantastic bill that has been offered by Mr. B
ARR. This is pretty simple stuff. There are 2.2 million vouchers. 2.2 million vouch-ers. And we are talking about a dem-onstration project of 10,000: 2.2 million total; 10,000 in a demonstration project. We are talking about a small sliver of vouchers that can go to help people who are addicted to opioids, or even other drugs to, say, use the vouchers to move people into transitional housing that are nonprofit. People are making money off this. It is community transi-tional housing. Help them maintain sobriety. Teach them valuable job-training skills. Help them get employment. This is just sim-ple common sense. And for people to say, I can’t support it because I am taking vouchers away from others, that is bogus. There is 7 to 9 percent turnover in the voucher program of the 2.2 million, and we are talking about a small sliver to help people. This shouldn’t be partisan. This is common sense. So I would ask—and I know that Mr. B
ARR has worked with the ranking member, and she has been wonderful to work with on a lot of issues and I ap-preciate her bipartisanship. This is one that I would ask her to take a second look at, Mr. Chairman. If she did, I think she would say it is a small num-ber. If it works, we can expand it, we can grow it, and we can help more people get off of devastating drugs. I just want to make one side com-ment on these drugs. In my commu-nities, it is not just individuals, it is crushing families. We have little kids who are being taken out of homes in out-of-home placement, crushing the budgets of our counties. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Let’s get this done. If we are going to address this crisis, it is the kind of thought process that Mr. BARRhas put into this bill of creative thinking, using resources that we have available to us, to help people who are getting crushed by these devastating drugs. I know the ranking member cares about those people deeply. And I know she has fought for those folks who have been inflicted with drug abuse. I just would ask her, in this one, to join us and say: Let’s do a small demonstra-tion project, just 10,000. Let’s work to-gether. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, yes, Mr. D
UFFY is ab-solutely correct, I care about this issue very deeply, and I want to do the right thing. I want him to know that while he was talking about the 2.8 million vouchers, does he know that there are 5 million people who are in need of these vouchers? You cannot make the argument that there is more than enough to go around with all of these people standing in line. When they opened up the waiting list recently, just in Los Angeles alone, 600,000 people attempted to get access to these vouchers. This is about whether or not you are willing to put your money where your mouth is. Either you are willing to pay for your demonstration project, or you want to take away the opportunities of those who have been standing in line, and we are talking about families with children. You don’t tell me what is going to happen to them because you won’t increase the number of vouchers, and you don’t want to put any money into it, so you have to show how you care. It is one thing for us to get up on this floor and talk and debate and explain what we would like to see happen, but it is another thing when we say that we are willing to put the resources that are needed to deal with the problem. I will just say that of the 2.8 million people waiting, 5 million people are in need, and the average waiting time is almost 2 years. So what are you going to do? You don’t need a demonstration. We have enough information, we have enough research, and we have enough stories about what has happened for so many years and how so many people have died because they have not had resources available to them to deal with the problem. And, again, I am willing to spend as many hours as it takes to help you know and understand the history of this problem. It didn’t just start with opioid abuse. It didn’t just start with communities who never experienced this before. This has been going on for years and years and years. I join with Members in wanting to do something about it. But I say to Mr. BARR, it is going to cost some money, and we should not rob Peter to pay Paul. We should not take from those in need. We should not tell the people standing in line, Too bad, stand in line a little bit longer because we have a new episode that we have to deal with. Let’s take care of everybody who wants to change their lives, everybody who wants to put behind them this ad-diction, everybody who is begging for just a second chance. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), chairman of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. I con-gratulate my friend and colleague from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for tackling this difficult and very important issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this much-needed legislation that would expand housing options for indi-viduals who are transitioning out of addiction treatment and require con-tinued support. These are typically people who have exhausted all of their resources already. Why? Because they are addicted. That is why they are in this, that is why they qualify for these housing as-sistance vouchers, and this is right on target for helping them. The THRIVE Act is an important piece of legislation with strong, bipar-tisan support that came out of our committee that would create a pilot program to allocate Section 8 housing choice vouchers to transitional housing nonprofits with evidence-based models of recovery and life skills training. It is important to note that this is 10,000 total vouchers out of the 2.2 million that are available, or one-half of 1 per-cent of all of those vouchers, whichever is less, so we are talking about a small portion of all of the total vouchers that are available. But here is what we do know, Mr. Chairman. Our country, our States, and our communities are in crisis right now. Over the last decade, there has been this dramatic rise in opioid abuse, whether it is the nonmedical use of prescription drugs, as well as illicitly manufactured heroin. We need engage-ment at every level. In light of this medical emergency, there is an extremely pressing need for additional transitional housing for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.032 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5176 June 14, 2018 
opioid recovery. These housing pro-grams must follow a proven evidence- based approach that has helped thou-sands of Americans to maintain sobri-ety after completing rehab, gain valu-able job skills, and eventually transi-tion back into society to lead inde-pendent lives. Time and time again, individuals who have just completed inpatient rehab programs are forced to live in housing situations where they are surrounded by people who are using the same ille-gal substances that sent them into rehab. We have to change that. While the evidence suggests that ef-fective treatment and recovery plans should cover a span of 3 to 5 years for an individual, based on their needs and severity, we have a long way to go to properly prioritize and fund the recov-ery support programs and resources that individuals need in their commu-nities. Twenty-three million Ameri-cans are in recovery today—let me re-peat that—23 million people are in re-covery today for substance abuse. A sober, safe, and healthy living en-vironment that promotes recovery from substance abuse is essential in providing recovery support. These are people who qualify, as I said before, for these Section 8 vouchers. Because they have exhausted their resources, let’s throw them a lifeline. Let’s throw them some help. Let’s allow them to have an opportunity to go and succeed. That is why I support the THRIVE Act, which also has the support of the Michigan Heroin and Opiate Preven-tion and Education program, which is known as Mi-HOPE, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I am so pleased that Members on the opposite side of the aisle are just being introduced to this crisis. I am so pleased that they are just learn-ing about addiction. I am so pleased that they are willing to talk about it. But I am not so pleased that they are not willing to spend any resources on it. I don’t know if they understand that the average cost of a voucher annually is $9,500. Why can’t they support that amount of money to deal with credible, decent housing for the very individuals that they say they are trying to give some support to. I don’t know how much they know about addiction. And I don’t know how much they know about the history of the war on drugs. Have any of them ever visited a drug rehabilitation project? Let me com-mend them to one that they need to know about. It is right here in Wash-ington, D.C. It is known as N Street Village. Please go. I want them to learn about what they do, or what the costs are, and how they struggle for more and more resources to help more and more people. They cannot legis-late. They cannot come up with pro-grams without having an under-standing of, and an appreciation of, what has happened in this country and the many people who have died, and the families who have suffered. It didn’t just start now. The gen-tleman who just spoke talked about it is now a crisis. No, it has been a crisis for a long time. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1345 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), vice chairman of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leader-ship and for moving this important leg-islation forward. Mr. Chair, the United States has an opioid epidemic, one that is claiming more than 115 lives every single day. The faces and the stories of the opioid crisis and those family members, friends, students, and loved ones who have been affected by it demand some solutions from us. Over 4 years ago, in March 2014, I launched our community action plan on opioids in the 14th Congressional District of Illinois. Since then, I have worked with community leaders in my district to update our action plan with local, State, and Federal policy rec-ommendations. One of our key objectives is increas-ing access to sober living facilities for individuals who have undergone inpa-tient treatment and need support as they navigate their recovery. An im-mediate step we can take is to allow individuals in recovery to have access to Federal housing programs, espe-cially transitional housing. Transitional housing is an impor-tant, evidence-based piece of recovery that empowers these men and women to maintain sobriety, acquire job train-ing and employment, and find a com-munity. I have met individuals whose lives have been changed by transitional housing. Chris Reed from McHenry, Il-linois, has been sober since 2009. He was a founding member of New Directions Addiction Recovery Services, which opened a sober living house for men in Crystal Lake, Illinois, in October of 2016. The organization opened a home for women in December 2017 and a third home in McHenry County this year. According to Chris, he said: ‘‘Sober living and recovery housing provides structure, support, and accountability that greatly increases the chances a person with a substance use disorder (SUD) will achieve long-term sobriety. By providing housing stability along with appropriate resources—such as job placement, peer recovery support, so-cial activities, and services to others— people with SUD begin to disconnect from drugs and alcohol and reconnect with a supportive community.’’ I am proud to support the THRIVE Act, which will expand access to these life-changing transitional recovery homes through existing Federal hous-ing programs. This is something Con-gress can do right now to prevent opioid overdoses. Let’s make a statement about the importance of support in recovery and offer resources to individuals for whom a transitional home could be life-saving. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Committee and a senior member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chair, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the ranking member for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act. H.R. 5735 has a worthy goal. Helping individuals struggling with addiction to access treatment and recovery serv-ices is certainly important, but despite these intentions, H.R. 5735 has signifi-cant flaws which, in the end, make the bill unworkable. My primary concern is that H.R. 5735 carves out 10,000 existing Section 8 vouchers for use in this pilot program without authorizing new funding for any additional vouchers. This essen-tially decreases the number of Section 8 vouchers in circulation and increases wait times for millions of other house-holds already seeking a voucher. Those forced to wait will include low-income families, seniors, people with disabil-ities, veterans, and those experiencing homelessness. You cannot just change words in the law. You need to open your checking account or your checkbook. Currently, only one in four house-holds who are eligible for Federal af-fordable housing assistance receive it. In New York City, we have more than 150,000 people waiting for a voucher. While I fully support helping all peo-ple with substance abuse disorders and recognize the important role affordable housing plays in an individual’s recov-ery process, providing affordable hous-ing for individuals with substance use disorders should not come at the ex-pense of others in need. HUD’s Affordable Housing and Sec-tion 8 programs are woefully under-funded. Instead of providing Section 8 vouchers to just those with substance use disorders, we should be providing significantly more resources and ex-panding the Section 8 program to help all those in need. Additionally, this bill places arbi-trary time limits on the individuals participating in the demonstration pro-gram. This is counterproductive and out of step with other existing sup-portive housing programs. Finally, while H.R. 5735 seeks to help individuals suffering from substance use disorders, it does nothing to ad-dress the fact that many people with these disorders lose their housing be-cause of the harsh eviction policies in Federal housing assistance programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.033 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5177 June 14, 2018 
I support the ranking member in her continued effort to ensure those indi-viduals with substance use disorders face fairer eviction procedures and ban one strike policies that cause tenants to lose their assistance for a single in-cident of drug use. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chair, again, H.R. 5735 has a worthy goal. However, this bill is plagued with a number of problems, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it unless you provide the re-sources to make this legislation work. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
MMER ), a valued member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, when we talk about the opiate crisis, we talk often of its victims, but there is an im-portant group that we are leaving out: survivors. Individuals who complete inpatient rehabilitation and other treatment programs have been forgotten and left behind without a way to begin a new life. In particular, finding a suitable place to call home can be especially challenging. Research has proven the connection between substance use and homeless-ness. It is time that Congress take a closer look. Today, nearly 110,000 Americans are homeless, with approximately half suf-fering chronic addictions to drugs, al-cohol, or both. Approximately 70 per-cent of homeless veterans are esti-mated to suffer from substance use dis-order. We continue to focus on treatment and prevention, but unless we simulta-neously look toward assisting those who need support after treatment, this terrible crisis will continue. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 5735 introduced by my colleague, A
NDY B
ARR, whose home State of Kentucky is no stranger to the opiate crisis. Called the THRIVE Act, or the Tran-sitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, this program will kick off a 5-year demonstration program to support transitional housing. Specifically, 10,000 Section 8 housing vouchers will be set aside specifically for people with an opiate use disorder. Transitional housing takes a wrap-around approach by providing its resi-dents with a stable, supportive envi-ronment to address their addiction, mental health, and/or homelessness. Required participation in recovery classes, life skills education classes, mandatory savings plans, and full-time or part-time employment work to-gether to support residents as they continue to improve their lives. Homelessness and addiction create a vicious cycle, and these Americans need help to break it. With this bill, Congress can step in and provide some assistance for their next step of recov-ery. Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 5735. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, it is interesting that my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle can come into this Chamber and talk about homelessness and talk about rehabilitation and talk about the need for housing. I am the ranking member on the Fi-nancial Services Committee with every wish and every hope to be able to have this committee take up a bill on home-lessness. I have not been able to get that done. We have taken up over 100 bills on the Financial Services Com-mittee, but not once have we dealt with the issue of homelessness. The gentleman from Minnesota who talked about homelessness and the fact that veterans are homeless is abso-lutely correct, but what are you going to do about it? Are you going to come to the floor to try and convince the Members of this House that somehow a demonstration project where you take 10,000 vouchers from the existing vouchers that people are standing in line for is going to make a dent in this problem? I don’t think so. This problem has been around for a long time, and I really do want the Members on the opposite side of the aisle to understand what has not been done to help those people who have needed a lot of assistance and a lot of help. I can recall, God bless her soul, when Nancy Reagan said to drug abusers, ‘‘Just Say No.’’ This is another piece of legislation that falls in that category: 10,000 vouchers in a demonstration project. You have been hearing how huge this problem is. We don’t need a demonstra-tion project for a few people taking 10,000 vouchers from those who have been standing in line. We need to ap-propriate the dollars that are nec-essary, number one, to help fund those organizations that have been working on this problem for years that need more money, that need more beds, that need more resources. We need more money not only to deal with the housing issue that is attempt-ing to be addressed in this demonstra-tion project, but whether it is helping to equip police departments with the necessary equipment to save lives of the people on the street who are overdosed that they encounter in their daily work. Some communities have that, a few communities have that, but every community experiencing this problem needs to have that. In addition to that, we need more beds for rehabilitation. You can’t get to supportive housing until you deal with the addiction so that when people are ready to go into transitional hous-ing, they get the support that goes along with that. That is not just a bed and a roof, but it is the social services that go along with it. It will cost money, and unless you are willing to put up the dollars, unless you are willing to work with our appro-priators to do what is necessary to honestly and forcefully deal with this issue, we are just talking about it. We are just pontificating. We are just say-ing things that we don’t even under-stand. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), a very hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, I want to first thank my friend from Kentucky for his leadership on this bill. The THRIVE Act is an important piece of legislation, and I am proud to cospon-sor it. The National Institute on Drug Abuse has found that we lose about 115 Americans each and every day to the opioid crisis. These are our brothers, our sisters, our friends, and our co-workers. This is a national crisis, and inaction just won’t change a single thing. I have met with a number of people back home who told me that we need to think about more than just the pre-vention and the treatment stage of the opioid crisis, and they are exactly right. When you hear people tell me this, it reminds me of a conversation I had re-cently with David Kessler, who lives in my district and started an organization called GRIP It based in Mocksville. Group classes, one-on-one coaching, and assistance with detox programs are just three of the things that this group offers. David has found evidence of a ‘‘cul-tural method’’ that works, and it goes to show us that there are many dif-ferent things that we could be trying. b1400 This brings me to the bill that we are voting on today, the THRIVE Act, which is part and parcel of this ap-proach. It would expand housing op-tions for individuals who are transitioning out of addiction treat-ments and require continued support. This is exactly the kind of policy that we need to be considering. Hous-ing is part of a foundation that helps former addicts get off the streets and into a place that they can rise above poverty and addiction. Mr. Chairman, I want to make a larg-er point on this issue before I close. There has always been and still is a stigma around drug addiction. But if we want to make real progress on bat-tling this epidemic, we need to change the way we look at those who are suf-fering. Rather than seeing them as li-abilities, we need to see them as assets. The THRIVE Act, by helping people transition from recovery to a home, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.035 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5178 June 14, 2018 
will do just that. And when they have a home, they will be more likely to get a job and get back to being a contrib-uting member of society. Bold ideas are needed in the public space, and there is no doubt that Mr. B
ARR’s bill falls into this category. I think Ronald Reagan said it best when he said: ‘‘That what is right will always eventually triumph. And there’s purpose and worth to each and every life.’’ Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. While I have this opportunity, I will refer to my bill on homelessness again. My bill is a bill that will end homeless-ness. It costs $13 billion, and I would dare say that we could have funded this effort when we were thinking about the tax cuts. Some of those tax cuts benefit the richest people in this country. While we were reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, we could have easily spent $13 billion to deal with ending homelessness. That tax cut was worth $1.8 trillion. $13 billion from that $1.8 trillion, what would that have done for homelessness in America? We could have been on the road to ending homelessness. So the bill number is H.R. 2076. I am hopeful that the Members of the House and the Members of the Senate will take a look at this legislation so that they know that we have something that has been given a lot of attention, that has a lot of research, that under-stands what it takes to get rid of homelessness. So my bill, H.R. 2076, is a bill that I would ask my colleagues to immediately support. Mr. Chairman, we have many Mem-bers of this Congress who want to do something about providing housing op-portunities for those who are the vic-tims of opioid abuse and drugs. I join with them, and I, too, am very con-cerned, and I know that we can do something substantive about this issue of providing housing opportunities. But again, I will say over and over again, it should not be done in such a way that we have a little demonstra-tion project that will take away 10,000 vouchers from the neediest of people who have been standing in line, in order to say or think or have anyone believe that we are doing something about this crisis in America. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), another hardworking member of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to state my strong support of the Transi-tional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Act, or the THRIVE Act. In my district and across the Nation, the opioid epidemic has ravaged com-munities, torn apart families, and de-stroyed the lives of everyday Ameri-cans. Opioid abuse and drug-related deaths are rising at alarming rates. In my rural New York district, drug-related deaths rose over 350 percent in the short period between 2012 and 2016. Each day, I continue to hear from families across the 22nd District af-fected by this epidemic. They share their stories of loss and triumph and always urge me that more needs to be done. It is very difficult to find anyone in our communities who hasn’t been af-fected by addiction, with either a fam-ily member or a friend. This week, we are delivering on the promises we have made to those struggling with the pain of addiction. During a recent opioid roundtable that I hosted in Binghamton, New York, a young woman named Jessica shared her story of opioid addiction and recovery. Jessica’s story is a story of loss, recovery, resilience, and sur-vival. At the end, Jessica stressed the importance of post-treatment pro-grams to help those who are addicted to remain in recovery programs and to avoid potential relapses. The THRIVE Act begins the process of delivering on this important ele-ment of addiction recovery by expand-ing transitional housing options to those most in need. Furthermore, the THRIVE Act fo-cuses on evidence-based programs, en-suring that those in recovery are given access to proven, high-quality transi-tional housing options. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), for his hard work in crafting this legislation to pro-vide a better future for those suffering from addiction. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 5735 fills a crit-ical void and will empower countless individuals in my district to break free from the grips of drug addiction. I thank the chairman for providing me an opportunity to speak in support of this important legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. H
ANDEL ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the THRIVE Act. In the Sixth District, my district, Fulton and Cobb Counties have the highest opioid and heroin overdose rates of all counties in the entire State of Georgia. For those struggling with addiction who make that hard commitment to recovery, aftercare and stability are critical to their ability to remain drug- free. Too often they return to the very same environments that helped foster their addiction, increasing the risk of relapse. Worse, many find themselves homeless, with no resources and no job. The THRIVE Act would create a 5- year pilot program that expands hous-ing options for individuals transitioning out of treatment pro-grams but still needing help. The pro-gram sets aside a small percentage of Section 8 housing choice vouchers for supportive and transitional housing nonprofits. Earlier this year, former Kentucky Governor Ernie Fletcher attended an opioid summit in my district. He shared with us the incredible outcomes from the Recovery Kentucky initiative launched during his administration. This legislation draws on the program and its success. I commend Governor Fletcher and, in particular, my colleague from Ken-tucky, ANDYBARR, for their leadership on this legislation. This bill will give recovering addicts the added help they need to rise above their addictions and fulfill their real potential in life. I encourage my colleagues to support the THRIVE Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire of Mr. H
ENSARLING how many more speakers he has. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I anticipate no more speakers. I am pre-pared to close. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Chairman, this week, we are see-ing my colleagues on the other side of the aisle advance legislation focused on individuals with opioid use disorders. We are really talking about drug addic-tion. These are the people they used to call drug addicts, and I don’t want us to hide behind any new language. We are talking about a serious problem of addiction here. But something very important is missing from these bills and that is new resources and funding necessary to actually make a difference for those in-dividuals. H.R. 5735 is a clear example of this problematic approach. Rather than providing funding for housing assist-ance vouchers for individuals with dis-orders, individuals who are addicted, this bill takes away 10,000 existing vouchers that would otherwise go to people in need, many of whom have been waiting and waiting for years. There are millions of people on wait-ing lists across the country, including families with children, seniors, vet-erans, persons with disabilities, per-sons experiencing homelessness, and others in need. Redistributing these vouchers away from others who need housing is simply not a fair or reason-able step. What we need is bold action to com-mit real dollars to tackling this public health crisis, and also to address the shortage of affordable housing in this country. Unfortunately, this bill falls short and commits no new funding for additional vouchers. While H.R. 5735 has an important goal, the way it tries to get there is ul-timately harmful and counter-productive. For these reasons, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. This will not begin to make a dent in the crisis. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.038 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5179 June 14, 2018 
don’t need a demonstration project. We need to move forward with a com-mitted project with the funding that is necessary in order to deal with drug addiction. We have drug addicts who are in the alleys and on the streets in commu-nities who never saw this before, who never experienced this before. Listen to someone who has seen it, who knows about it, who understands how many lives have been lost because of it, and let’s do the right thing. It is not about a demonstration project. It is not about just a few vouchers. This is about real action. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
AULSEN ). The gentleman from Texas has 4 min-utes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, in my congressional career, I have experienced a number of surreal moments. I think perhaps I am experiencing another one, and that is, typically, within my career, next to a study, I think the least controversial provisions we take up in this body are demonstration projects. We do it all the time, and it is good that we do it all the time so we can find out if what is happening in a small subset within our society is going to work, and so we will roll out the pro-gram throughout our country. Typi-cally, these receive very strong bipar-tisan support. I couldn’t help but notice, there are only two, two Members on the other side of the aisle, who are against this opioid housing recovery program, and we had almost a dozen Republicans on our side of the aisle come to support it. I listened very carefully to the rank-ing member who, on more than one oc-casion, said we should not rob Peter to pay Paul. Well, what happens when she or other Members on the other side of the aisle decide to submit budgets that aren’t balanced? We just had a balanced budget amendment come to this floor, and if memory serves me right, it was not supported by the ranking member. So thus, she appears to be robbing Peter to pay Paul. If that is of great concern, I will certainly be happy to go to our leadership and see if we can bring that vote to the House floor, so that we might balance the budget. I heard it said, well, this demonstra-tion project may take away a voucher from a veteran, somebody homeless, somebody disabled. Who do you think these people who are suffering with opioid addiction are? They are vet-erans. They are homeless. They are dis-abled, Mr. Chairman, and that is why it is so critical that we reach out and we help them. Then I continue to hear from the ranking member, well, this doesn’t make a dent. This doesn’t make a dent in the problem. So let me get this straight. If we can’t help everybody, we ought to help nobody is, I think, the logic of that ar-gument. Well, we reject that. We reject that argument, Mr. Chairman. So, again, I just cannot believe some-thing that should be on our suspension calendar, something that should be re-ceiving overwhelming bipartisan sup-port apparently has to come with what we call a rule bill. But we know that 42,000 people have died in the last calendar year, to where we have the data, due to opioid abuse— up tremendously. So there is just an urgent need to target resources for sub-stance use treatment services, to make effective treatment more widely avail-able. We have an opportunity, right here in this House, right now, today, to say that we have the evidence. Let’s take some Section 8 vouchers and make sure that they are part of the solution. b1415 And so I thank the gentleman from Kentucky. What a wonderful leader he is on our committee in trying to help— and we are not helping everybody. I admit it.—to begin to put people in transitional housing. Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to sup-port the THRIVE Act. We can make a difference today. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendments rec-ommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–73. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 5735 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act’’ or the ‘‘THRIVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM TO STUDY THE IMPACT OF USING RENTAL VOUCHERS FOR SUPPORTIVE AND TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR INDI-VIDUALS RECOVERING FROM OPIOID USE DISORDERS OR OTHER SUB-STANCE USE DISORDERS. 
Section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(21) R
ENTAL VOUCHER DEMONSTRATION PRO -
GRAM FOR SUPPORTIVE AND TRANSITIONAL HOUS -
ING FOR INDIVIDUALS RECOVERING FROM OPIOID  
USE DISORDERS OR OTHER SUBSTANCE USE DIS -
ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a demonstration program under which the Secretary shall set aside, allocate, and dis-tribute directly to eligible entities, from amounts made available for rental assistance under this subsection, the amounts specified in subpara-graph (B) for an eligible entity to provide a voucher for such assistance to a covered indi-vidual through a supportive and transitional housing program that provides treatment for opioid use disorders or other substance use dis-orders (as applicable), job skills training, and such assistance for a period of 12 to 24 months. ‘‘(B) AMOUNT .—The amount specified in this subparagraph is, for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the amount necessary to provide the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 0.5 percent of the total number of vouch-ers allocated under this subsection during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the enactment of this paragraph; or ‘‘(ii) 10,000 vouchers. ‘‘(C) C
RITERIA FOR ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An eli- gible entity shall— ‘‘(i) provide an evidence-based treatment pro-gram and a job skills training program for indi-viduals recovering from an opioid use disorder or other substance use disorder, as applicable, that meet standards established by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(ii) demonstrate prior experience admin-istering rental assistance vouchers, demonstrate prior experience administering transitional housing programs under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Act, or demonstrate a partnership with a public housing agency or a housing pro-gram of a State, unit of local government, or In-dian tribe (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing and Self-Deter-mination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103)) that en-sures effective administration of rental assist-ance vouchers. ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION .—To receive a rental assist-ance voucher under this paragraph, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Sec-retary that shall include— ‘‘(i) a description of the terms of treatment program, job skills training, and rental assist-ance to be provided to a covered individual, and assurances that such description shall be com-municated to covered individuals that receive vouchers pursuant to the demonstration pro-gram established under this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) a transitional plan that begins on the date on which a covered individual completes the treatment program of the eligible entity that includes information on additional treatment, job skills training, and housing resources and services available to such covered individual. ‘‘(E) S
ELECTION .—In selecting eligible entities to receive rental assistance vouchers under this paragraph, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) ensure that such eligible entities— ‘‘(I) are diverse; ‘‘(II) represent an appropriate balance of eli-gible entities located in urban and rural areas; and ‘‘(III) provide supportive and transitional housing programs in diverse geographic regions with high rates of mortality due to opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, as applicable, based on data of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention; and ‘‘(ii) consider— ‘‘(I) the success of each recipient eligible enti-ty at helping individuals complete the treatment program of the eligible entity and refrain from opioid or other substance usage, as applicable; ‘‘(II) the type of job skills training program provided by the eligible entity; ‘‘(III) the percentage of participants in the job skills training program that gain and maintain employment; ‘‘(IV) the percentage of participants in the treatment program of the eligible entity that— ‘‘(aa) do not relapse into opioid or other sub-stance usage, as applicable; and ‘‘(bb) do not receive Federal assistance for treatment of an opioid use disorder or other sub-stance use disorder, as applicable, after comple-tion of the program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.039 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5180 June 14, 2018 
‘‘(F) T RANSFER OF VOUCHER .—Upon termi-nation of the provision of rental assistance through a voucher to a covered individual, the eligible entity that initially offered such voucher may use such voucher to provide rental assist-ance to another covered individual. ‘‘(G) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall not make rental assistance available under this paragraph after the expiration of the 5-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(H) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(i) B
Y THE ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—An eligible en-tity that receives a rental assistance voucher under this paragraph shall submit to the Sec-retary— ‘‘(I) annually, the transitional plan described in subparagraph (D)(ii) and information on each covered individual’s housing upon termi-nation of the provision of rental assistance through a voucher to such covered individual in a manner that protects the privacy of such cov-ered individual; and ‘‘(II) not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, a plan describ-ing the treatment and housing options for any covered individual assisted by such voucher who will not have completed the program before the day that is 5 years after such date of enactment. ‘‘(ii) B
Y THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that analyzes the impact of rental assistance provided under this paragraph— ‘‘(I) not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, that includes recommendations for the continuation or expan-sion of the program established under this para-graph and improving the process for providing such assistance. ‘‘(I) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means a nonprofit organization that meets the criteria described under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘covered individual’ means an individual recovering from an opioid use disorder or other substance use disorder.’’. 
SEC. 3. REPEAL OF RENTAL VOUCHER DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
Effective the day that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, paragraph (21) of section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)), as added by this Act, is repealed. 
SEC. 4. RETURN OF VOUCHERS. 
An eligible entity that provided vouchers for rental assistance under paragraph (21) of sec-tion 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)), as added by this Act, shall return any such vouchers to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on the day that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BARR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 1, line 7, strike ‘‘ AND TRANSITIONAL ’’. Page 1, line 15, strike ‘‘
AND TRANSITIONAL ’’. Page 2, line 11, strike ‘‘and transitional’’. Page 2, line 14, strike ‘‘job skills training’’ and insert ‘‘coordination with workforce de-velopment providers’’. Page 2, lines 15 and 16, strike ‘‘for a period of 12 to 24 months’’ and insert ‘‘, as deter-mined by the entity’’. Page 2, lines 18 and 19, strike ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’ and insert ‘‘for fiscal year 2019’’. Page 2, line 22, strike ‘‘allocated’’ and in-sert ‘‘renewed’’. Page 3, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘a job skills training program’’ and insert ‘‘demonstrate the ability to coordinate with workforce de-velopment providers’’. Page 3, line 13, strike ‘‘transitional’’ and insert ‘‘supportive’’. Page 4, line 4, strike ‘‘job skills training’’ and insert ‘‘coordination with workforce de-velopment providers’’. Page 4, line 15, strike ‘‘job skills training’’ and insert ‘‘coordination with workforce de-velopment opportunities’’. Page 5, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 5, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(III) have adequate resources for treat-ment, recovery, and supportive services; ‘‘(IV) fully comply with the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.) and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq.); and’’. Page 5, line 4, strike ‘‘(III)’’ and insert ‘‘(V)’’. Page 5, line 12, before the dash insert ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of Labor’’. Page 5, line 17, before ‘‘opioid’’ insert ‘‘il-licit’’. Page 5, strike lines 19 through 25 and insert the following: ‘‘(II) the coordination with workforce de-velopment providers by the eligible entity; ‘‘(III) the percentage of participants in un-subsidized employment during the second and fourth calendar quarter after exit from the program;’’. Page 6, strike ‘‘that—’’ in line 3 and all that follows through ‘‘do not’’ in line 4 and insert ‘‘that do not’’. Page 6, line 6, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a period. Page 6, strike lines 7 through 12. Page 6, line 13, strike ‘‘T
RANSFER ’’ and in- sert ‘‘R
EISSUANCE ’’. Page 6, after line 23, insert the following: ‘‘(H) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may, through publication of a notice in the Fed-eral Register, waive or specify alternative requirements for any provision of statue or regulation governing the use of vouchers under this subsection (except for require-ments relating to fair housing, non-discrimination, labor standards, or the envi-ronment) upon a finding by the Secretary that such waiver or alternative requirement is necessary for the purposes of this para-graph.’’. Page 6, line 24, strike ‘‘(H)’’ and insert ‘‘(I)’’. Page 8, line 11, strike ‘‘(I)’’ and insert ‘‘(J)’’. Page 9, line 1, strike ‘‘
RETURN OF VOUCH -
ERS’’ and insert ‘‘ DEMONSTRATION CLOSE -OUT’’. Page 9, line 6, strike ‘‘on’’ and insert ‘‘not later than’’. Page 9, line 8, before the period insert ‘‘for use only for renewals of expiring contracts for such assistance’’. Page 9, after line 8, add the following new section: SEC. 5. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my manager’s amendment to the legislation at issue today, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, which, again, would make supportive housing more acces-sible to those most in need by allo-cating a limited number of housing choice vouchers to nonprofits that pro-vide housing, workforce development, job placement, and continued addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of rehab and back into the workforce. This manager’s amendment intro-duces improvements to the THRIVE Act based on feedback we have received from various stakeholders in the af-fordable housing and recovery commu-nities, my colleagues on the House Fi-nancial Services Committee, as well as technical drafting assistance from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Among these changes include: Clarifying the distinction between il-licit drug use and medication-assisted treatment; Requiring nonprofits to show that they have experience administering housing programs and are in full com-pliance with the Fair Housing Act and Civil Rights Act of 1964; Requiring HUD and eligible entities to coordinate with the Department of Health and Human Services, the De-partment of Labor, and local workforce development boards; Eliminating time limits for individ-uals in the program; Authorizing waiver authority allow-ing HUD greater flexibility to admin-ister the program, while still requiring full compliance with statutes and regu-lations related to fair housing non-discrimination, labor standards, and other requirements; and other tech-nical changes. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank my Democratic colleagues, including Con-gresswoman S
INEMA , for suggesting several of the improvements to the bill that are included in this amendment. I would also like to emphasize, once again, my commitment to working with Ms. S
INEMA and other colleagues to request additional funding from the Appropriations Committee to support this demonstration program. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that the total economic burden of prescription opioid misuse alone in the United States is $78.5 billion per year. Our Federal hous-ing programs are an underutilized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.010 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5181 June 14, 2018 
source in the fight against this na-tional public health crisis. The THRIVE Act is a small invest-ment of only 10,000 housing choice vouchers out of a total of over 2 mil-lion, to people who are literally dying every day. It has earned the support of over 140 recovery organizations who are on the front lines of this epidemic. Once again, Mr. Chairman, it is not a reason to vote against this legislation because it is using existing appropria-tions for the Housing Choice Voucher Program. Our friends on the other side of the aisle who are objecting to this legisla-tion are making the wrongheaded and misguided argument that claims that this is somehow taking away from other members of the program. There are 198,000 vouchers that come up each and every year. We are talking about not taking vouchers away from anyone, but using those vouchers that become available for new recipients. These recipients are oftentimes eligible for the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher Program anyway, because they come out of rehab without re-sources. They are statutorily eligible. So when they talk about taking away from veterans, when they talk about taking away from the disabled, or from the homeless, that is who these people are. These people typically are without homes. They are, in many cases, vet-erans. Saint James Apartments, which is one of these recovery centers in my district, focuses exclusively on vet-erans who are addicted to opioids, and these people, obviously, are also strug-gling with a disability. So the THRIVE Act deserves every one of our Members’ support. These organizations and these folks who are struggling with addiction are literally crying out for Congress to help, and we need to answer that call. I urge support for my manager’s amendment, and the underlying legis-lation so we can work together in a bi-partisan manner to improve housing options for individuals recovering from opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, this manager’s amendment is simply a last-ditch attempt to ad-dress significant administrative con-cerns and questions about the correct interpretation of the underlying legis-lation. The fact that this amendment had to be revised three times before a final version was submitted past the dead-line for consideration by the Rules Committee, is indicative of the hasty and haphazard nature in which this bill has been cobbled together. For example, in response to a Con-gressional Budget Office score that in-terpreted the bill to create up to 50,000 new vouchers, resulting in a cost of $1.2 billion, this amendment would clarify that the intent of the gentleman from Kentucky was not to provide new fund-ing, but, instead, to take vouchers away from people waiting in line for housing assistance. And while this amendment resolves a few technical issues, it also creates new problems. In particular, this amendment would add broad authority for the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development to waive requirements that would other-wise apply under the Section 8 pro-gram. This includes being able to waive basic tenant protections as well as the requirement that rents are affordable to residents at 30 percent of their ad-justed income, which is known as the Brooke amendment. In sum, this amendment does nothing to address the fundamental issues with this bill, including the fact that it pro-hibits new funding. Mr. Chairman, I really do need to point out that perhaps it was not clear in Mr. B
ARR’s presentation about this amendment that this amendment addi-tionally reinforces his point that no additional funds would be authorized. As a matter of fact, if you look at section 5 of the amendment where it says, ‘‘No additional funds are author-ized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this act and the amendments made by this act. Such re-quirement shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be ap-propriated,’’ which simply means tak-ing 10,000 vouchers from people who are waiting in line, who are desperate for the need for safe and secure housing, and it makes sure that you understand that he does not want any more funds appropriated. Except, there is some kind of contradiction that can be con-fusing. When he first introduced the bill— and I talked about the fact that he had not only asked me to sign on to a let-ter to the appropriators asking for more money, and I decided not to do that because of the fact that he still had this amendment that would say that there should be no additional funds spent on this. What is my friend doing? What is he talking about? How can he send a let-ter to the appropriators asking for more money when, not only does he have in the bill, but in the amendment to the bill, very clear language that says there should be no additional funds appropriated. Well, of course, that is confusing. And I am not so sure why the con-tradiction is there. But I do know this: I believe that the intent of my col-league is a good intent; that he really would like to do something about opioid addiction. I believe that most of the Members who have gotten involved in this issue and who are learning about it for the first time, and under-standing that there is a crisis for the first time, want to do something about this issue. But what they have not done is, they have not taken the time to construct legislation to truly deal with the issue, and spend the money, ask for the money, ask for the resources that are necessary to deal with what they say is a crisis. They come here and they talk about homelessness, and they talk about the opioid abusers who are on the streets who need housing. Yes, they do. Just as all of those people who have been standing in line waiting for Section 8 housing need housing. They talk about veterans who are homeless. They are absolutely correct. Some of those veterans have drug prob-lems. Others don’t have drug problems. They have come back from their serv-ice to their country without jobs, with-out a place to live, and here we are, talking about robbing the folks who have been standing in line and who are in need—including the veterans on the street—robbing them of their opportu-nities because we want to take away 10,000 housing vouchers from them. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, just to re-spond briefly to some of those claims, our efforts to work in a bipartisan way, an overture to the ranking member to actually meet her halfway, should be actually welcomed. It shouldn’t be re-jected. And if she is concerned about more funding, guess what, that is not what the authorizing committees do. That is what the appropriators do, and if the ranking member were sincere, she would sign on to the letter to the ap-propriators with respect to providing additional funds. But in any event, this is not hastily put together. This is the result of a lot of feedback, of hearings, of many years of actually talking and listening to not-for-profits that are in this line of work. And they are begging us, along with 144 other organizations in addic-tion recovery, to pass this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the manager’s amendment, and the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 10, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 4, line 17, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 4, after line 17, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) evidence sufficient to demonstrate that the local government having jurisdic-tion over the location of any supportive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.044 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5182 June 14, 2018 
housing facility to be used by the eligible en-tity in connection with the demonstration program under this paragraph permits such facilities in such location.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a simple but crucial amendment to the THRIVE Act to en-sure that local governments have a say in which sober living homes are able to participate in this demonstration pro-gram. My amendment would require the nonprofits who apply for funding under this bill to prove that the Federal dol-lars they receive are distributed only to facilities that have permission from the relevant local government to oper-ate in that location. The proliferation of unlicensed sober living homes in residential commu-nities in my district and throughout our country has had a deleterious im-pact on local residents and has not well-served the drug and alcohol ad-dicts the program is supposed to help. b1430 Many—not all, but many—of these facilities are owned and operated by unscrupulous actors. These bad actors totally disregard the impact on local residents of the neighborhoods as well as those who reside in the sober living homes themselves. The Federal Gov-ernment must not subsidize this. It is not only the surrounding neigh-borhood that suffers in these cir-cumstances, but also recovering ad-dicts whose treatment facility has no oversight and sometimes no actual per-sonal program for recovery. This bill with my amendment produces a bal-anced first step toward helping the vic-tims of the opioid epidemic while safe-guarding the rights of families, home-owners, and local communities. I am grateful for the support of my friend and colleague Congressman B
ARR, and I am grateful for his support through this amendment. I urge the rest of my colleagues to join with us and vote in favor of this amendment. I would also note that it is the Fed-eral Fair Housing Act that shields the bad actors and prevents local govern-ments from doing anything meaningful about the problems associated with sober living homes. Municipalities face costly litigation for trying to address their transient nature, and local resi-dents often experience an increase in crime in their neighborhoods, not to mention other threats to their quality of life. The THRIVE Act does not address the Fair Housing Act, but I have au-thored a bill that would do this. I en-courage a serious consideration of H.R. 5724, the Restoring Community Over-sight of Sober Living Homes Act. My bill would narrowly amend the Fair Housing Act to return to local governments their proper zoning au-thority to manage sober living homes in a manner acceptable to the local people and something that will help those drug addicts as well as the local community. So I gladly offer this amendment and ask my colleagues to consider both this amendment as well as the bill that I will submit on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I don’t think the amendment really does what the gen-tleman would like to have it do, but I am not opposed. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. ROHR-
ABACHER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 3, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert ‘‘, including tribal communities;’’. Page 5, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(III) appropriately reflect the impact that opioids are having in tribal communities; and’’. Page 5, line 4, strike ‘‘(III)’’ and insert ‘‘(IV)’’. Page 8, line 13, after ‘‘means’’ insert the following: ‘‘a tribally designated housing en-tity (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing and Self-De-termination Act of 1996 (24 U.S.C. 4103)), or’’. Page 8, line 14, after ‘‘tion’’ insert a comma. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, the legis-lation before us today makes nonprofit organizations eligible for Federal Gov-ernment vouchers to house people in recovery for drug addiction. My amend-ment simply makes Tribal housing au-thorities also eligible to apply and re-ceive the vouchers. I, like the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, am concerned that this bill, without additional funding, however well-intended, really robs Peter to pay Paul, and it would cannibalize our local housing authorities of funds and prioritize seeking housing solutions for those individuals with addiction prob-lems over other individuals who are victims of domestic violence, who are low-income families who have been waiting in line and need a subsidy in order to make ends meet, and other homeless populations. Again, I think this is a laudable goal, but I am concerned about this bill not having any appropriations connected to it. But, Mr. Chairman, if we, in fact, are going to take this approach, I am sure we can all agree that Tribal housing authorities should also be eligible. In-dian Country has been devastated by drug addiction, and Tribes from across the Nation have struggled to keep pace with treating their addicted population and all the tertiary problems associ-ated with addiction, including housing problems. The reality is that nonprofits are not really operating in Indian Country now, and the unique geographic and cultural challenges make it very un-likely that any nonprofit will actually be able to serve Indian Country even if the program is successful in other areas. Indian Tribes are making do. There are some success stories, like the Pota-watomi in Milwaukee, but the need is so overwhelming. So as we provide aid to our States, I strongly believe that our sacred trust obligations to Indian Country make it necessary for us to in-clude our Tribes in this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim time in opposition to this amendment, al-though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I want to make an observation that, in the course of this debate, not one of the Members speaking in opposition to this legislation has made the argument that these evidence-based transitional housing models won’t work. None of the arguments are that this model won’t work and won’t help people achieve long-term recovery. So why would anyone oppose the legislation? I will accept my friend’s, the gentle-woman from Wisconsin’s amendment. I appreciate the contribution that she is making to make sure that Native American Tribal communities and their Tribal housing authorities are designated as eligible entities to re-ceive vouchers. This amendment will ensure that Na-tive American communities residing in Tribal areas would have the oppor-tunity to benefit from this demonstra-tion, similar to urban, suburban, and other rural areas, and this amendment protects persons recovering from addic-tion in Native American Tribal com-munities by ensuring that vouchers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.008 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5183 June 14, 2018 
might still be available through Tribal housing authorities should an eligible nonprofit not be available. Because some of the Tribal areas are located in very remote areas, the non-profit entities envisioned under this demonstration program may not have the capacity to reach onto those res-ervations. This amendment provides remote Tribal communities an avenue for providing transitional housing to persons recovering from addiction when such nonprofit participation could be low. This amendment ensures that Tribal communities are not dis-advantaged by a lack of nonprofit ac-cess so that they have an adequate voucher dispersion entity to commu-nity individuals in need of transitional housing as they recover from addic-tion. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I have absolutely no doubt at all about the gentleman’s commitment and his sin-cerity to solve the problem of housing challenges for those who are addicted. I would just note that my own expe-rience in my community is similar to the gentlewoman from California. We have seen people be on the waiting list for 10 years to get in housing. If we ap-pear to be skeptical about there being enough housing resources, it is only be-cause of that experience where we have seen people on the wait list for 10 years. Mr. Chairman, again, I thank the gentleman for his consideration, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, in conclu-sion, I accept and support the gentle-woman’s amendment. I will just remind all Members, and especially Members who might be con-sidering whether or not they want to vote for the legislation, if you are con-cerned about additional appropriations, the proper channel is to request that from the appropriators. Any Member of Congress considering voting on this legislation can sign this bipartisan let-ter to the appropriators asking for ad-ditional financial support for this dem-onstration project. But it is not a rea-son to not vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, strike ‘‘, that includes’’ in line 6 and all that follows through ‘‘such assist-ance’’ in line 10. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, I commend Chairman H
ENSARLING and the gentleman from Kentucky for their thoughtful efforts on this bill to put together a pilot pro-gram that is designed to help people who suffer this opioid addiction. I am grateful to them for their thoughtful efforts. My amendment simply narrows the reporting requirements that are im-posed on the Secretary. This does not proscribe or necessarily limit the pa-rameters of the report, but it prevents unnecessary prognostication on the part of the Secretary, which I believe will allow for an accurate and valuable assessment at the conclusion of the pilot program’s testing period. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for com-ing and offering this very simple amendment. I thank him for his kind words for the gentleman from Ken-tucky, who has been an outstanding leader in this effort. The amendment will simply allow Congress to work its will on the report from the Secretary and allow us to have our own full analysis. I think it is a helpful amendment. I would urge its adoption. Finally, I would just echo what my friend from Kentucky, the leader of this effort, has said. We are an author-izing committee, not an appropriating committee under the rules of the House, and we authorize programs based upon priorities. We do demonstration projects all the time, and if there were ever a worthy one that should be considered by this body in the midst of, again, a legiti-mate crisis on opioid addiction, it ought to be this program. We have had several amendments that have been agreed to by the major-ity. I think all have probably improved the underlying legislation. But again, this is something that should have been on the suspension calendar, I don’t understand why we have to take so much floor time on this. I don’t un-derstand the argument that, if you can’t help everybody, then don’t help anybody. I don’t understand the argu-ment that, since you are not an appro-priating committee, then don’t author-ize the help. I simply don’t understand that. Again, we have the opportunity in this Congress, on this floor, at this mo-ment to make a difference, a huge dif-ference, in the road to recovery for thousands of opioid addicts who are trying to get their lives back together. If we believe in their hope and if we be-lieve in their cause, then we should support the THRIVE Act of the gen-tleman from Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support the amendment from the gentleman from Arizona, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
IGGS). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
AULSEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
IGGS, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for sup-portive and transitional housing for in-dividuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use dis-orders, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 934, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.050 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5184 June 14, 2018 
declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 45 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 4 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The question on passage of H.R. 5788, and The question on passage of H.R. 5735. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the pro-vision of advance electronic informa-tion on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 353, nays 52, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 265] YEAS—353 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—52 
Amash Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Davis, Danny Demings DeSaulnier Doggett Fudge Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Higgins (NY) Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Khanna Lawrence Lewis (GA) Lowenthal McCollum McEachin Mooney (WV) Moore Napolitano Nolan Norcross Payne Pocan Polis Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Schakowsky Scott (VA) Thompson (MS) Titus Veasey Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Young (AK) NOT VOTING—22 
Beatty Black Carter (TX) Comstock DeFazio Donovan Ellison Griffith Hanabusa Himes Huffman Jones Labrador Lee Lowey O’Rourke Quigley Rooney, Thomas J. Smith (WA) Trott Tsongas Walz 
b1627 Messrs. RICHMOND, COHEN, LOWENTHAL, MOONEY of West Vir-ginia, JOHNSON of Georgia, and GON-ZALEZ of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. PERLMUTTER, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Messrs. MEEKS, BRADY of Pennsylvania, HOYER, RUPPERSBERGER, WALBERG, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Messrs. SOTO, McGOVERN, and GOMEZ changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR RE-COVERY IN VIABLE ENVIRON-MENTS DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use dis-orders, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 173, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 266] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.053 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5185 June 14, 2018 
Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—173 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—24 
Beatty Black Carter (TX) Comstock DeFazio Donovan Ellison Griffith Hanabusa Himes Huffman Jones Labrador Lee Lewis (GA) Lowey Nadler O’Rourke Quigley Rooney, Thomas J. Smith (WA) Trott Tsongas Walz 
b1636 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING U.S. ARMY STAFF SERGEANT ALEXANDER W. CONRAD Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my Arizona col-leagues, to honor the life and sacrifice of U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Alexander W. Conrad from Chandler, Arizona, who was recently killed by indirect enemy fire while in support of Operation Oc-tave Shield in Somalia. Sergeant Conrad served as a human intelligence, noncommissioned officer and was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group. Sergeant Conrad’s decorated service included two tours in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Meritorious Serv-ice Medal. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Conrad was one of Arizona’s finest. He fought to free the oppressed and to ensure that all Americans live out their days in lib-erty. Please keep his family, friends, and comrades in your prayers. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that Members please join me and my Arizona col-leagues for a moment of silence to re-member U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Alexander W. Conrad. 
f 
WICHITA ADVANCED LEARNING LIBRARY (Mr. ESTES of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the grand opening of the Wichita Advanced Learning Library on June 16, 2018. The Wichita Advanced Learning Li-brary has been a central project for Kansas’ largest city since 2006. After breaking ground on the project 2 years ago, it will be an honor to at-tend the grand opening of the library this Saturday. The old library was built more than 50 years ago. At that time, there was no such thing as a personal computer, phones were simply used for making phone calls, and Wichita had a popu-lation of less than 250,000. With the opening of the new library, Wichita and the surrounding region will now have a state-of-the-art facil-ity ready to handle our growing popu-lation and advances in digital tech-nology. These advances will provide students with enrichment opportunities in all areas, including STEM, which is in-creasingly important for the workforce of the future. As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I under-stand the importance of education, and I am proud of the city of Wichita for moving forward with the Advanced Learning Library, allowing our stu-dents and community members of all ages to continue the pathway to a life-time of learning. f 
RECOGNIZING APRIL VASSELL AND NEVAEH PARKER (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the wonderful accomplish-ments of two young women from my district. April Vassell and Nevaeh Parker were each selected to attend the United Nations Foundation’s 2018 Women in Science, or WiSci, Girls STEAM Camp in Namibia. The camp will bring together 100 high school girls from the African Continent and the United States for a 2-week in-tensive learning program. This amazing camp is co-hosted by the U.S. Department of State and pri-vate partners. It brings girls together to help close the gender gap in science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics. April and Nevaeh will have the op-portunity to enhance their STEAM skills, grow as young leaders, and de-velop relationships with their sisters from Africa. These two young women and the other campers have a lot to be proud of. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing their achievements, their po-tential, and success. 
f 
b1645 TURKEY: FRIEND OR FOE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.012 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5186 June 14, 2018 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our supposed Turkish allies are holding Americans hostage. At least two Americans, Andrew Brunson and Serkan Golge, are being held by the Turkish regime on false charges. Dictator Erdogan, an Islamist who has arrested thousands of Turks who oppose him, believes that he can use imprisoned Americans as bar-gaining chips. He hopes that he can trade American hostages for political opponents who fled Turkey’s dictator-ship. Even if the individuals Erdogan wanted had clearly committed crimes, which there is absolutely no evidence they have, we should never engage in rewarding Turkey for taking hostages. Erdogan has proven he has no respect for the rule of law and, instead, rules by fear. We must not assist him in his destruction of democracy in Turkey. American hostages like Pastor An-drew Brunson, who has been held for more than 600 days, must be returned. Until then, the United States needs to reevaluate whether Turkey wants to be considered a friend or foe. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
OHIO VOTER PURGE (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to decry last week’s Supreme Court decision in the Ohio voting case, Husted v. A. Philip Randolph Institute. Mr. Speaker, the ruling appears to willfully misinterpret the plain statu-tory language of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993. It lays waste to congressional intent and sets a dan-gerous precedent of being permissive of voter suppression across the country. The NVRA was enacted with the ex-press purpose of increasing voter reg-istration and protecting against voter purges, and it plainly prohibits States from removing voters from rolls ‘‘by reason of the person’s failure to vote.’’ Yet this is exactly what the State of Ohio is doing. Ohio officials are purg-ing voters if they do not vote in three consecutive Federal elections. I believe every person should vote in every election, but there may be valid reasons why they have not. We should be erring on the side of caution. Our democracy is built on each per-son having a voice. Yet the Supreme Court has affirmed Ohio’s right to si-lence those voices. Congress must now act to correct this injustice and restore the rights the Court has so carelessly cast aside. 
f 
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce a new internship program my district of-fice has started. My program is de-signed to help individuals who are in long-term substance abuse recovery meet their programming requirements of obtaining job-readiness skills. Along with the bills we are passing this week to fight the opioid epidemic, my office has partnered with Recovery Point in Charleston, West Virginia, to help those who have decided to get their lives back on track. West Virginia has been ground zero of the drug epidemic, and it is impor-tant to support the important crucial recovery programs that are changing the lives of so many of our people who have fallen on hard times. This intern-ship opportunity will help to prepare these individuals to reenter the work-force. It is important to lead by example and help those who have decided to turn their lives around. I encourage all of my colleagues in Congress to partner with recovery programs in their dis-tricts to create similar opportunities for recovering addicts. The interns in my Charleston office have already made a positive impact and are a great addition to our team. f 
HONORING THE WORK OF NATALIE BRYSON (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, one of the best parts of this job is getting to de-velop relationships with outstanding people in my district, people who are difference makers in the best sense of the word. Kitsap County, Washington, is a better place because of one such person: Natalie Bryson. Our schools are providing more op-portunities for young people because of all she has done for the local school district and her work with the Paul Linder Foundation. Our communities are more wel-coming places because of Natalie’s work with Kitsap Pride and her in-volvement with the HIV/AIDS Founda-tion. More doors are open for women be-cause she has been such a trailblazer in our community, even becoming the first woman to join the Silverdale Ro-tary Club, where she was so kind to welcome me and let me have lunch with her. Whether she is participating in the Central Kitsap County Council or giv-ing loving advice to her Member of Congress, Natalie has been such an impactful person, a fierce advocate, a voracious volunteer, and an amazing friend. Mr. Speaker, sometimes it is impor-tant for us to just express some grati-tude, to say thank you, and that is something I want us to do today for someone who has done so much for so many. Thank you, Natalie. You are so ap-preciated. TAKING BACK OUR COMMUNITIES (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, like the rest of my colleagues, we go home on the weekends when we are not voting. When we are not voting during the week, we are in our districts. It is wonderful to get around and visit with our bosses. I was in Bridgewater in Adair County on Monday. It is a lovely town. They are strong people with a lot of grit and a lot of love and compassion. But in a way, I wish I hadn’t been in Bridge-water that day, because we were hav-ing an opioid roundtable. The addiction to opioids has really taken a toll on this community, but the people of Bridgewater are strong. ‘‘Take back Bridgewater’’ is their mantra. Taking back Bridgewater and all of our communities is a must. I am so glad to be working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address this issue in a bipartisan way. It is about the human condition, the human spirit, caring for one another, and taking care of those we represent. God bless my colleagues, the people in Bridgewater, and all the people in America who have suffered under these addictions. We are going to come to-gether, and I am glad we can address them. 
f 
ANTI-DOPING LEGISLATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, Americans love sports. They love hon-est sports. They love winning the Stan-ley Cup by the great team here in Washington. We loved winning the World Series with the Houston Astros. We love our Olympics. Today, I rise because I recently in-troduced, H.R. 6067, the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act, or RADA. In the realm of international sports, it has become almost commonplace for too many athletes to yield to the temp-tation of bridging the gap between their own skills and the pinnacle of athletic achievement by resorting to performance-enhancing drugs. To conceal this fall from grace, cheaters are employing increasingly sophisticated modes of masking the use of any prescribed drugs. This practice, some of it state-sanctioned, under-mines international athletic competi-tion. That is why I introduced the RADA Act, H.R. 6067. I ask my colleagues to join me. This is a bipartisan bill supported by Ms. G
WENMOORE , Dr. B URGESS , and myself. Our numbers are growing. The legisla-tion I have introduced is bipartisan. As well, we salute the valiant man who revealed the true extent of the complex, state-run doping scheme in Russia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.059 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5187 June 14, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I would simply like to close by saying a young lady by the name of Alysia Montano lost a race to Russians who had been a part of doping fraud. She lost the medal and she lost millions, but she also may have lost her spirit. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article from The New York Times entitled: ‘‘U.S. Lawmakers Seek to Criminalize Doping in Global Competi-tions’’ which cites RADA as a step in the right direction toward criminal-izing doping in international sports. 
[From the New York Times, June 12, 2018] U.S. L
AWMAKERS SEEK TO CRIMINALIZE  D
OPING IN GLOBAL COMPETITIONS  (By Rebecca R. Ruiz) United States lawmakers on Tuesday took a step toward criminalizing doping in inter-national sports, introducing a bill in the House that would attach prison time to the use, manufacturing or distribution of per-formance-enhancing drugs in global competi-tions. The legislation, inspired by the Russian doping scandal, would echo the Foreign Cor-rupt Practices Act, which makes it illegal to bribe foreign officials to gain a business ad-vantage. The statute would be the first of its kind with global reach, empowering Amer-ican prosecutors to act on doping violations abroad, and to file fraud charges of a dif-ferent variety than those the Justice Depart-ment brought against top international soc-cer officials in 2015. Although American leagues like Major League Baseball would not be affected by the legislation, which would apply only to com-petitions among countries, it could apply to a league’s athletes when participating in global events like the Ryder Cup, the Davis Cup or the World Baseball Classic. The law would establish America’s juris-diction over international sports events, even those outside of the United States, if they include at least three other nations, with at least four American athletes partici-pating or two American companies acting as sponsors. It would also enhance the ability of cheated athletes and corporate sponsors to seek damages, expanding the window of time during which civil lawsuits could be filed. To justify the United States’ broader juris-diction over global competitions, the House bill invokes the United States’ contribution to the World Anti-Doping Agency, the global regulator of drugs in sports. At $2.3 million, the United States’ annual contribution is the single largest of any nation. ‘‘Doping fraud in major international competitions also ef-fectively defrauds the United States,’’ the bill states. The lawmakers behind the bill were instru-mental in the creation of the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which gave the government the right to freeze financial assets and impose visa re-strictions on Russian nationals accused of serious human rights violations and corrup-tion. On Tuesday, the lawmakers framed their interest in sports fraud around inter-national relations and broader networks of crime that can accompany cheating. ‘‘Doping fraud is a crime in which big money, state assets and transnational crimi-nals gain advantage and honest athletes and companies are defrauded,’’ said Sheila Jack-son Lee, Democrat of Texas, who introduced the legislation on Tuesday. ‘‘This practice, some of it state-sanctioned, has the ability to undermine international relations, and is often connected to more nefarious actions by state actors.’’ Along with Ms. Jackson Lee, the bill was sponsored by two other Congressional rep-resentatives, Michael Burgess, Republican of Texas, and Gwen Moore, Democrat of Wis-consin. It was put forward just as Russia prepares to host soccer’s World Cup, which starts Thursday. That sporting event will be the nation’s biggest since the 2014 Sochi Olym-pics, where one of the most elaborate doping ploys in history took place. The bill, the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act, takes its name from Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, the chemist who ran Russia’s antidoping laboratory for 10 years before he spoke out about the state-sponsored cheat-ing he had helped carry out—most notori-ously in Sochi. At those Games, Dr. Rodchenkov said, he concealed widespread drug use among Rus-sia’s top Olympians by tampering with more than 100 urine samples with the help of Rus-sia’s Federal Security Service. Investigations commissioned by inter-national sports regulators confirmed his ac-count and concluded that Russia had cheated across competitions and years, tainting the performance of more than 1,000 athletes. In early 2017, American intelligence officials concluded that Russia’s meddling in the 2016 American election had been, in part, a form of retribution for the Olympic doping scan-dal, whose disclosures Russian officials blamed on the United States. Nations including Germany, France, Italy, Kenya and Spain have established criminal penalties for sports doping perpetrated with-in their borders. Russia, too, passed a law in 2017 that made it a crime to assist or coerce doping, though no known charges have been brought under that law to date. Under the proposed American law, crimi-nal penalties for offenders would include a prison term of up to five years as well as fines that could stretch to $250,000 for indi-viduals and $1 million for organizations. ‘‘We could have real change if people think they could actually go to jail for this,’’ said Jim Walden, a lawyer for Dr. Rodchenkov, who met with the lawmakers as they consid-ered the issue in recent months. ‘‘I think it will have a meaningful impact on coaches and athletes if they realize they might not be able to travel outside of their country for fear of being arrested.’’ The legislation also authorizes civil ac-tions for doping fraud, giving athletes who may have been cheated in competitions—as well as corporations acting as sponsors—the right to sue in federal court to recover dam-ages from people who may have defrauded competitions. Ms. Jackson Lee cited the American run-ner Alysia Montan˜o, who placed fifth in the 800 meters at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Two Russian women who placed first and third in that race were later disqualified for doping, elevating Ms. Montan˜o years later. ‘‘She had rightfully finished third, which would have earned her a bronze medal,’’ Ms. Jackson Lee said, noting the financial bene-fits and sponsorships Ms. Montan ˜o could have captured. The bill would establish a window of seven years for criminal actions and 10 years for civil lawsuits. It also seeks to protect whis-tle-blowers from retaliation, making it ille-gal to take ‘‘adverse action’’ against a per-son because he or she has disclosed informa-tion about doping fraud. Dr. Rodchenkov, who has lived in the United States since fall 2015, has been crimi-nally charged in Russia after he publicly deconstructed the cheating he said he car-ried out on orders from a state minister. ‘‘While he was complicit in Russia’s past bad acts, Dr. Rodchenkov regrets his past role in Russia’s state-run doping program and seeks to atone for it by aiding the effort to clean up international sports and to curb the corruption rampant in Russia,’’ Ms. Jackson Lee said, calling Tuesday’s bill ‘‘an important step to stemming the tide of Rus-sian corruption in sport and restoring con-fidence in international competition.’’ Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, join me in supporting the RADA bill. I thank Isabella Belcher and the OSCE staff. Mr. Speaker, I recently introduced H.R. 6067, the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act (‘‘RADA’’) because in the realm of inter-national sports, it has become almost com-monplace for too many athletes to yield to the temptation of bridging the gap between their own skill and the pinnacle of athletic achieve-ment by resorting to performance enhancing drugs. And to conceal this fall from grace, cheaters are employing increasingly sophisticated modes of masking the use of any proscribed drugs. The United States has a large role to play in ferreting out corruption in international sports. Not only do U.S. athletes lose out on mil-lions in sponsorships, but when a U.S. com-pany spends millions to create a marketing campaign around an athlete, only to have that athlete later implicated in a doping fraud scan-dal, the damage to that company’s brand can cost tens of millions. This has been the story of Alysia Montafio, a U.S. runner who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics games in London and placed fifth place in the 800 meters behind two Russian women finishing first and third. These women were later found to have en-gaged in doping fraud by the World Anti- Doping Agency, meaning that Ms. Montan ˜o had rightfully finished third, which would have earned her a bronze medal. Ms. Montan˜o estimates that doping fraud cost her ‘maybe half a million dollars, if you look at rollovers and bonuses, and that’s with-out outside sponsorship maybe coming in.’ She adds, ‘That’s not why you’re doing it, but you still deserve it.’ She certainly does. Until now, defrauded U.S. athletes and com-panies have had little recourse against doping fraud. A recent article published by The New York Times titled ‘‘U.S. Lawmakers Seek to Crim-inalize Doping in Global Competitions’’ ref-erences the RADA as a step in the right direc-tion toward criminalizing doping in international sports. The RADA is an important step to stemming the tide of Russian corruption in sport and re-storing confidence in international competition. This practice, some of it state-sanctioned, undermines international athletic competition and is often connected to more nefarious ac-tions by state actors. This is why it is necessary for Congress to enact H.R. 6067, the bipartisan Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act (‘‘RADA’’ Act) The legislation I have introduced is bipar-tisan, and bears the name of courageous whistleblower Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, a val-iant man who revealed the true extent of the complex state-run doping scheme which per-mitted Russia to excel in the 2014 Sochi Win-ter Olympics, and which resulted in its ban from the 2018 Olympic Games. While he was complicit in Russia’s state-run doping program, Dr. Rodchenkov regrets his role and seeks to atone for it by aiding the ef-fort to clean up international sports and to curb the rampant corruption within Russia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.060 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5188 June 14, 2018 
The RADA Act is a serious step towards cracking down on the use of performance-en-hancing drugs in major international competi-tions because it establishes criminal penalties and civil remedies for doping fraud. A number of other nations, including Ger-many, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, and Spain, have embraced criminal sanctions for doping fraud violations and it is time for the United States to be added to this list. Doping fraud in major international competi-tions—like the Olympics, the World Cup and the Tour de France—is often linked with cor-ruption, bribery and money laundering. It is not just victory that criminals engaged in doping fraud snatch away from clean ath-letes—athletes depend on prize money and sponsorships to sustain their livelihoods. 
f 
INFLATED GAS PRICES (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, in my home State of Rhode Island and all across America, people are working harder than ever just to get by. Wages are flat and costs continue to rise. In fact, just last month, gas prices hit a 3- year high. It is obscene. Working peo-ple have been getting ripped off at the pump for years. One of the biggest reasons is that countries in OPEC and other foreign oil cartels work together to inflate the cost of gas. Some folks think there is nothing we can do about this. That is why, last month, along with Congressman S
TEVE CHABOT , I intro-duced the No Oil Producing and Ex-porting Cartels Act, or NOPEC Act. This is a commonsense bill that will help bring down the cost of gas by making members of OPEC and other foreign oil cartels subject to U.S. anti-trust laws and preventing them from price gouging. It prohibits those same companies from withholding their sup-ply of oil in order to raise prices. Earlier this week, our bill was ap-proved by the House Judiciary Com-mittee. I look forward to this bill com-ing to the floor and its swift passage. It is long past time that we deliver some much-needed relief to working people in this country. 
f 
PICK ON SOMEBODY YOUR OWN SIZE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, when Members attack one another on this floor, we sometimes have to apologize publicly. What is the appropriate penalty when a Presidential administration attacks children in our country? That is what is happening now at the border, as children are forcibly taken from their parents. Even if these chil-dren were being held in palatial splen-dor, nothing could make up for being taken from the only adult they have known since birth. Our country’s policy has always been family unification. Breaking with that policy and with decency, Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions have devised a new deterrent for crossing the border to seek asylum. Says Jeff Sessions: ‘‘If you’re smug-gling a child, then we’re going to pros-ecute you, and that child will be sepa-rated from you.’’ If they want to attack border cross-ers, the Trump administration should pick on somebody their own size. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTOPHER ROYBAL (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Chris-topher Roybal. He was a decorated U.S. Navy veteran who had survived two shootouts while serving in Afghani-stan. He attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Christopher served in the Navy for 7 years before he left on a medical dis-charge after he had become mostly deaf in his left ear from all the explo-sions that happened near him. After leaving the Navy, he began working with Crunch Fitness gyms, where he managed new facilities as they opened around the country. Christopher went to the Route 91 fes-tival with friends and family to cele-brate his upcoming 29th birthday. Everyone who knew him remembers him as a man who could always put a smile on everyone’s face. His favorite thing to do was serenading his friends with Spanish ballads and going out to sing karaoke. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Christopher Roybal’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO UNITED STATES-CHINA ECO-NOMIC AND SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following in-dividual on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission for a term expiring on December 31, 2019: Rear Admiral Michael McDevitt, U.S. Navy, Retired, Arlington, Virginia 
f 
b1700 POOR PEOPLE’S CAMPAIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material that they would bring on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am de-lighted to take this hour with several of my distinguished colleagues to talk about a matter of moral, social, polit-ical, and economic urgency to the American people, which is the vast group of Americans who are living in poverty today. We are observing the 50th anniver-sary of Dr. Martin Luther King’s Poor People’s March on Washington, the Poor People’s Campaign, which he was organizing and starting work on short-ly before his assassination. The Poor People’s March on Washington took place even after the death of Dr. King. Today, there is a new Poor People’s Campaign, a national call for moral re-vival that has been working for the last 2 years, reaching out to commu-nities across the country, working in more than 35 States across America in order to put in the very forefront of the public consciousness the fact that tens of millions of our fellow citizens sim-ply don’t have enough money to meet the basic needs of life. The Poor People’s Campaign has met with tens of thousands of Americans and witnessed the courage and strength of a lot of poor people across the coun-try, and they have gathered testimony from hundreds of individual Americans. A number of the testimonials will be read this evening by Members of Con-gress in this Special Order. The testimony we are going to read powerfully reinforces the empirical as-sessment conducted by the Poor Peo-ple’s Campaign and the Institute for Policy Studies about the effect of sys-temic poverty, racism, ecological dev-astation, and militarism in the coun-try. ‘‘The Souls of Poor Folk’’ report reveals how the evils of these inter-related problems are persistent, perva-sive, and perpetuated by a distorted moral narrative that must be chal-lenged today. We believe that, when Americans across the country see the faces and the facts that are represented in this testimony and by this report, America will be moved deeply to change things. When confronted with the undeniable truth of the indignity and the cruelty of poor circumstances that so many of our fellow Americans are living under, we believe that millions more Ameri-cans will join the ranks of those who are determined to see an end to pov-erty in our lifetime. I am joined by a number of my col-leagues this evening who will come up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Sep 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H14JN8.REC H14JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5189 June 14, 2018 
and read some of the testimonials as well as give thoughts of their own. I will be interspersing some commentary of my own as I bring up my colleagues. I am beginning first with my colleague G
WENMOORE from Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), who is a great leader for the people of Wisconsin and a terrific spokesperson for poor people across the country. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, as you mentioned, the Poor People’s Cam-paign was a national call for a moral revival. What we are doing here now: We are reengaging the Poor People’s Campaign for the nonviolent economic reform movement that the Reverend Dr. Mar-tin Luther King was organizing when he was assassinated in 1968. This resurgence is being called the most extensive wave of nonviolent di-rect action in our Nation’s history. What this resurgence recognizes is that Dr. King was right, that the trifecta of racism, poverty, and militarism are interconnected. Today they are trap-ping more than 140 million Americans in poverty and low wealth, and many of them are children and veterans. Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk to you about one of Dr. King’s triple evils, militarism. I want to talk about it be-cause we have a total volunteer Army now. We don’t have the draft. So the young people who are being recruited into our military today are young peo-ple, often from low-income households, who are seeking an opportunity, and they are being seduced into the mili-tary with promises of technical train-ing, bonuses, and college. I would like to share with you a let-ter from one of those people, Mr. Brock McIntosh of Illinois. He says: 
This way of injecting the poisonous drugs of hate into veins of people, normally hu-mane, cannot be reconciled with wisdom, justice, and love. I would like to tell you all about the pre-cise moment I realized that there was poison in me. I am the child of a nurse and a factory worker in the heartland of Illinois, the fam-ily of blue collar and service workers. At the height of the Iraq war, military re-cruiters at my high school attracted me with signup bonuses and college assistance that some saw as their ticket out. For me, I hoped it was my ticket up, providing oppor-tunities that I once felt were out of reach. Two years later, when I was 20 years old, I was standing over the body of a 16-year-old Afghan boy. A roadside bomb he was building prematurely detonated. He was covered in shrapnel and burns and now lay sedated after having one of his hands amputated by our medics. His other hand had the callused roughness of a farmer or a shepherd. As he lay there with a peaceful expression, I studied the details of his face and caught myself rooting for him: ‘‘If this boy knew me,’’ I thought, ‘‘he wouldn’t want to kill me.’’ And here I am, I am supposed to want to kill him, and I feel bad that I wanted him to live. Now, that is the poisoned mind. That is the militarized mind. And all the opportunities afforded me by the military can’t repay the cost of war on my soul. It is poor folks who carry the burden of war for the elites who send them. A working- class boy from Illinois, sent halfway around the world to kill a young farmer—how did we get here? How did this crazy war economy come to be? First, there is the demand. A society that feels perpetually threatened perpetually pre-pares for war, even in the time of peace. To do this requires a military industrial com-plex, a vast war economy whose charters, profits, stocks, and jobs depend on perma-nent militarization and whose fortune pros-pers most in times of war. Secondly, there is the supply. A Nation that wants to attract volunteers to its mili-tary and care for veterans provides opportu-nities that will lure recruits who are pre-dominantly working-class folks with limited opportunities. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to am-plify the voices like this, of regular folks, above the lobby of a militarized industry, a poisoned economy, to demand jobs in indus-tries other than war-making, to demand op-portunities for working-class folks that don’t require killing other working-class folks. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to de-mand justice for people of color, killed by militarized police forces, a poisoned law en-forcement. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to transform a militarized politic, a poisoned Congress, and a poisoned White House that proves their toughness with chest beating and unites their base with war drumming. War always has a way of distracting our attention and perverting our priorities. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to organize for racial, economic, and ecological justice, to force these issues to the front and rectify our Nation’s agenda. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. M
OORE for that powerful testi-mony. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), my colleague. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership in the Progressive Caucus and thank all my colleagues for the deep devotion that they have shown over the years to ad-dressing racism, poverty, and inequal-ity. It is my honor to help bring a light, shine a light, on the stories of men and women around the country who are fighting to make ends meet. These are our neighbors, our brothers, our chil-dren, our parents, our friends, and they are struggling. Here is an incredible statistic: Across the United States today, 67 percent of all Americans do not even have $1,000 in their savings accounts. That means they can’t take care of a leak in the roof; they can’t take care of a sick child; and if they don’t get paid sick days, they don’t get to take care of an aging parent. They are focused merely on surviving and not on thriving. That is outrageous for a country of our wealth. It is time for us to lift up the Amer-ican people who are the bedrock, the national bedrock, of our country: the teacher who spends more time with our children than any other but hasn’t yet been compensated for that; the domes-tic workers and the caregivers who take care of our elderly, our homes, and our lives with their grace, strength, compassion, and efficiency; the laborers who build the foundations of the homes and the workplaces that we stand on, live and work in; the women in every single industry who have faced disrespect, unequal pay, but are the glue that hold our society and our families together; the farmworkers who pick the food we eat; the nurses who listen to our hearts and bring us back to wellness; the sanitation work-ers; the parks people; the oceanog-raphers; the scientists; the servers; the artists; the advocates who shine a light on the most vulnerable, the poorest, among us. These are the people who have come together as the Poor People’s Cam-paign under the incredible leadership, the visionary leadership, of Reverend William Barber, and with a huge coali-tion of organizations to fight against racism, poverty, inequality, mili-tarism, and ecological devastation that continue to plague our country still today. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join Rep-resentative RASKIN and others as we tell their stories today. I am proud to stand with these courageous soldiers for peace and for justice as we fight for equity, and I thank them for leading with love, with generosity, and with abundance. One of those people is Reverend Sarah Monroe from my home State of Washington. I wanted to start by read-ing her testimony: 
I wanted to start by speaking to the con-text I am in. I am speaking as a Christian theologian. I am speaking as a person work-ing in one of the least religious parts of the country. And I am also speaking, more spe-cifically, as a pastor and an Episcopal priest in Grays Harbor County. This is a rural com-munity on the Pacific coastline of Wash-ington State. I also grew up in this county. We face a postindustrial economy. Timber was our main industry, and today it is gone. We live in a context where 46 percent of our people are on public assistance and one out of 25 people are homeless. We are a majority White community just south of the Quinault Indian Nation, who were and continue to be victims of genocide. We have very little legal industry to em-ploy our people, which means that our people turn to a black-market economy that most often sells and trades drugs, sex, just about everything else, and also brings our young people into extensive gang involvement. So many of our most struggling people, both White and Native, are very young. They are millennials. They are teenagers who have never had a steady income, many of whom have been incarcerated as young as 8. So, in this context, morally, we face a lot of issues, and three of those I want to talk about right now. First, we as an organization are committed to lifting up the leadership and the agency of poor and struggling people. 
b1715 
We believe that God takes the side of the poor. And we believe that Jesus built the poor people’s movement. We believe in rais-ing up young leaders from the streets, from the jails, from the homeless encampments, from the trailer parks in Grays Harbor Coun-ty. And we believe that they are the only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.063 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5190 June 14, 2018 
moral voices that can save us and that can lead us to liberation. We believe that the outcasts and the sex workers and the drug addicted will find their own healing and will bring that healing to us all. We believe that no poor people’s move-ment or campaign can be built without this fundamental commitment. As one example of that, we had a group over this past Easter of young men in jail, and they organized their own Bible study. They fasted and prayed. And they came to us and said, from Isaiah 58, which they were reading and studying, that they were called to be the Restorers of the Streets with Dwellings. Second, in this county, as in so many other places across this country, we face the moral issue of State violence. What I mean by this is that poor people in this country are sys-tematically disenfranchised at every turn. That means that the county has money for militarized police equipment, but not for housing. The county and the cities in this county have resources for consultants to build the tourist industry, but not for pro-viding a path out of poverty for young peo-ple. But what I also mean is that our people across lines of race face extensive police bru-tality. Death, beatings, shakedowns, and the use—and really the extensive use—of a bench warrant system that ensures that if you are young and you are poor, you are likely to have a warrant that allows you to be stopped or chased at any time. Most of our young people go from the juve-nile system to an early felony for drug pos-session or property crime and spend most of their lives in and out of jail and prison where they also experience extensive and institu-tionalized violence. State power now, as in the time of Jesus, is used to violently repress people and to deprive them of their rights. But last, we are theologically committed to hope. And for us, hope is not a feeling, be-cause we face powers that are larger than us at every turn, and we know that we face im-possible odds. We face a staggering amount of personal and communal trauma. We open-ly stand against the narrative of White su-premacy that has often been fed to our peo-ple, and we believe in the power of the Gos-pel. We believe in the power of the moral voice of the people waking up and claiming their own dignity, even when they are taught to deny it at every turn. Claiming their own power when they are taught that they are powerless. We believe that we are a resurrec-tion people. Even when Jesus was murdered by empire, and I said this in a sermon a cou-ple of years ago for Easter, that he rose again, and, in rising, God gave the finger to every power in this world that seeks to op-press the poor and keep us down. 
I thank the reverend from our com-munity for that testimony and that story. We have other stories, but I want to make sure other Members have a chance to tell theirs as well. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. J
AYAPAL for her eloquent state-ment and thank her for her leadership here in Congress. One of the shocking findings of the Poor People’s Campaign is that there are nearly 140 million Americans, more than 43 percent of people in our coun-try who are either legally poor, living below the poverty line, or low income in the United States, which is the world’s richest Nation, and we are at the richest moment in our history today. And yet, we still have 140 million people who simply don’t have enough money to meet the basic expenses of existence. This should not be a matter of partisan politics. It should be a mat-ter of concern to everybody on both sides of the aisle and across the polit-ical spectrum. Here is President Dwight Eisenhower speaking in April of 1953. On April 16, 1953, he said: Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spend-ing money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. The cost of one modern bomber, President Eisenhower said, is this: a modern brick school in more than 30 cities, 2 electric power plants, 2 hospitals, a half million bushels of wheat, 8,000 new homes. 
And he said: 
This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense, this cloud of threatening war that is paid for by the treasure of our people. 
So we are appealing to people across the political spectrum at this time of roaring stock market and trumpeted claims of great wealth and bounty in the society to look at the costs of so-cial and economic inequality; that is, what it is like looking, not from the top down, but from the bottom up at the situation with wealth in America. I am delighted now to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ), my distinguished colleague, who has been a great champion of put-ting the question of poverty and eco-nomic inequality at the forefront of our discussions here. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative R
ASKIN for his leader-ship in putting focus on the Poor Peo-ple’s Campaign and his advocacy for so many issues of economic justice and racial justice. I want to join my colleagues in rec-ognizing the extraordinary moment in this country that the Poor People’s Campaign has had under Reverend Bar-ber’s leadership. There was a panel that Senator W
ARREN had a few days ago where Reverend Barber was there and ordinary individuals were testi-fying about their experiences, the peo-ple we should be hearing in Congress. I want to share two quotes, and then share some testimony. One is what Reverend Barber said, which, in my view, makes him one of the great civil rights leaders in this country. He said: 
I would rather join with you and die trying to change the moral direction of this Nation than to live and die and it be written on my epitaph: ‘‘Lived in the time when moral dis-sent was necessary. And he, and they, said nothing.’’ 
That requires such courage, and it is so believable. When Dr. Barber was with a number of others at the hearing, they had this chant that before the Poor People’s Campaign will fail, they will go to jail. And that sense of civil disobedience for a moral cause is part of the great tradi-tion of our Nation and what has brought change. I want to thank Reverend Barber for being such a moral leader and everyone who is risking arrest, risking their life for justice. Now, I am honored to read the testi-mony of Paul Boden, who is the West-ern Regional Advocacy Project lead in my home State of California. He writes: My name is Paul Boden, and I am with the Western Regional Advocacy Project lead. We are based out of California, Colorado, and Or-egon with core member groups doing local organizing around poverty and homelessness issues in 10 communities. I am testifying today about the advent of contemporary homelessness in the early 1980s and the con-nection to neoliberal economics and how that has played out over the past 35 years. In doing this research, we found that with 2 less attack submarines, 29 less fighter jets, and 2 less combat ships, we would more than triple all of the funding that is currently dedicated to public housing capital invest-ments, public housing maintenance, and all of the Federal homeless programs. Clearly, these spending priorities have nothing to do with security or the need for an investment in our military complex. As part of the consequence of the advent of homelessness that this kind of approach to governance created, we’ve spoken to 1,600 homeless communities, and 82 percent of them have reported that they are getting ar-rested, harassed, and ticketed. And we know the fines-and-fee-games that local govern-ments play. 77 percent of these people are getting that same kind of policing activity for sitting or laying down on a sidewalk. 75 percent for loitering. Sleeping, standing, and sitting are criminal offenses when you are the population that is being targeted by local government for removal from those communities. And this is happening, unfor-tunately, in communities across the United States. My research also brought out very clearly and undeniably that these are the same po-licing programs, these are the same laws, the same racist and classist policing programs that were used with the Anti-Okie laws, with the Sundown towns, with the Japanese- American Exclusion Act, with the ugly laws, and with the Jim Crow laws. The darker your skin color, the greater your disability, the poorer you are, you are way more likely to be a target of these policing programs, and that is the way it has been playing out for years. We have written legislation and gotten it introduced in California, Oregon, and Colo-rado. We had introduced it 8 times. We got crushed 8 times. But we are going to keep bringing it back until the final answer is yes. Our law, our legislation would make it ille-gal for local government to criminalize life- sustaining activities and activities that we all commit: eating, sleeping, sitting, stand-ing still. We all do that. To criminalize doing it is to purposely and maliciously create leg-islation specifically aimed at enforcement only applying to some people. That is us, all of us. 
Paul Boden’s words are ones I hope this entire country will hear. And as we are listening to the voices of so many people marching in our streets in Washington, I hope we will take some inspiration from their courage, their courage far exceeding any of ours in this body, and be inspired to do the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.065 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5191 June 14, 2018 
right thing and fight for economic jus-tice and the policies that they rec-ommend that would help alleviate pov-erty and help the working poor and poor people across this Nation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. K
HANNA so much for his very mov-ing statement that he made. I yield now to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), my col-league, who has been a terrific cham-pion for economic equity and social justice in our country. I am delighted to yield to her now. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman R
ASKIN for his leadership, consistent leadership, on these issues. And certainly, I think, the recognition of the fact that the poor of this Nation, both in the biblical sense of our faith or the document of your faith, the poor have always been acknowledged, and, in a certain sense, in the Christian Bible honored. And it is a sad state of affairs for us to come to this point in the Nation to realize that our poor are suffering at large numbers and that there is no re-lief. I know that Dr. King, some 50 years ago, as he was planning the Poor Peo-ple’s march—and many of us realized that he was not able to fulfill it for he was shot by an assassin’s bullet on April 4, 1968. But the valiant people went forward with his dream of elimi-nating poverty. And I am reminded of his words: Injustice anywhere is injus-tice everywhere. And so I speak today of the sprin-kling, the harsh sprinkling of poverty and injustices in this Nation today, and I make it a very special message to the leader of the free world, who has every power to collaborate with this important body, to make commitments to end the very conditions that Dr. King, some 50 years ago, sought to come to Washington that was ulti-mately proceeded with by leaders of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and poor people from around the Nation. b1730 They might not have succeeded spe-cifically, but they did bring to the Na-tion’s eyes and hearts the violence of poverty among Native Americans, Latinos, African Americans, poor, and Caucasians in places beyond the South. And, interestingly enough, that pov-erty continues. I speak, in particular, of certain ele-ments that show our lack of concern and where we must get steady and back on track. First, what all of us have been speaking about over the last cou-ple of days and weeks is the untoward and the impossible thought of taking children away from parents who are fleeing poverty, violence, and despera-tion to come. We know that, in my home State of Texas, a migrant was separated from his family and committed suicide while in Federal detention. Injustice any-where is injustice everywhere. And a mother, while breastfeeding her young child, while both were in Federal de-tention, had her child ripped away from her arms. That must stop. That is a poverty of mind, a poverty of heart and spirit. I want to thank Reverend Barber, who will be headed to Washington on June 23 with the massive, largest ex-pression of those who still, unfortu-nately, live in the shadows, not of their own making. When I say that, they are not in the shadows, they are there, but seeming there in the shadows with re-spect to the policies of this administra-tion, the terrible Robin Hood tax bill that has created nothing but a balloon of wealth to the top 1 percent, so much so that the wages of Americans have not gone up. When you travel through-out the country and in my district, most people don’t know, working Americans have no idea that any tax bill was passed that was supposed to impact them because it has not im-pacted them, and the only thing that is happening is a flush of corporate prof-its. Now, it would seem that one is criti-cizing that success. We are criticizing the unequalness of what happens to working families who work every day and have not had a wage increase. Then out of that comes the implosion of the Affordable Care Act, brick by brick being taken away. I know of peo-ple who have told me that their loved one was put in a wheelchair and point-ed toward the door: Get out. And the Affordable Care Act provided that there were no caps on one’s insurance until you got better in the hospital. But because of the atmosphere, and the climate, and the constant attack on the Affordable Care Act, hospitals are feeling the burden and are sending peo-ple out the door who are not well. Even more frightening for people are those who have preexisting conditions, one of the glaring parts of the Afford-able Care Act, one where people were waving the flag. They were excited, if they had a preexisting condition, which, before the Affordable Care Act, it could have been acne or it could have been pregnancy. But now, that cov-erage and protection for our loved ones who may have preexisting conditions, loved ones who could function with healthcare and not be relegated to be homebound because they were so sick they could not work. This is a terrible approach to how you run a country. In these last two points, I want to make it clear how important it is to recognize that poverty still is. And not only Dr. King, but we recognize that Robert Francis Kennedy, also struck down by an assassin’s bullet, worked in his campaign for President in 1968 to bring to the attention of Americans the fact that it is so important to real-ize poverty exists in the worst way in the mountains and valleys, and urban centers, and that Americans should stand up against poverty. Poverty impacts the criminal justice system. In 1968, African Americans were about five to four times as likely as Whites to be imprisoned, or jailed. Compared to today, they are six to four times as likely as Whites to be incar-cerated, which is troubling, given the population difference. As Judge Learned Hand observed, ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: Thou shalt not ration justice.’’ It is important that, as we match meaningful prison reform, we must match it with meaningful sentencing reduction. We must stop the tide of poverty by ending mass incarceration. And we must, in fact, recognize that we must fight against recidivism, open the doors of opportunity for ex-felons as they come out, and make sure that we are reducing those mandatory mini-mums that have kept people in jail 15, 20, 25, or 30 years away from their fam-ily so that their children grow up with-out them. We must recognize that poverty at-tacks at a very young age. It moves people toward the juvenile justice sys-tem, and it only causes them to believe this is the only thing that they can en-gage in. I have introduced legislation to give hope to the juvenile justice sys-tem: no more solitary confinement; al-ternative placement; and if they are able, as they rehabilitate, we ban the box on saying that they have been in the juvenile system. I want to stop homelessness. That is what Dr. King knew had to end to end that aspect of poverty, and to, of course, end it among our veterans. I want to end the idea of $23 billion out of SNAP’s program. And, of course, I want to recognize that when we have these devastating storms, the amount of homelessness goes up. It is so very important to rec-ognize the devastation of Hurricane Harvey, that there are those who are still unhoused, and to make a commit-ment after every disaster that we make those communities whole: volcanos, tornadoes, fires, and floods. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for allowing us to be here tonight. And I want to conclude by showing this Robin Hood tax bill, stealing from the poor. This year, the administration, President Trump, proposed to slash housing benefits by $11 billion because we had to pay for the tax cut. Weeks after that tax cut was passed, Presi-dent Trump proposed to pay for the bill by slashing housing benefits and other supports for low-income people who struggle to make ends meet. And here we stand with the $1.5 trillion deficit. So, what is our message? That we must never give up in this fight. We must stand in the tradition of Dr. King. We must be reminded of those who are coming to Washington in the coming days. We must say to have mercy on them. And, of course, as Reverend Bar-ber would always seek, that they be blessed, blessed with mercy and suc-cess, as they stand against poverty and stand for the ending and elimination of poverty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.066 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5192 June 14, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus for anchoring this important Special Order. In the spirit of the 50th Anniversary of the Poor People’s Campaign, we are here today to bring the nation’s attention to the issues that affect them: immigration, health care, paid sick leave, criminal justice, homelessness, and environmental justice. We must act without delay regarding the ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy that separates families apprehended on the southern border by U.S. Border Patrol. As the member of the House Committees on Homeland Security and former Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Sub-committee on Maritime and Border Security, I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from her child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of com-munication. Every day, hundreds of persons, ranging from infants and toddlers to adolescents and adults, flee violence, oppression, and eco-nomic desperation from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, seeking safe harbor in the United States. They are not criminals or terrorists, they are refugees seeking asylum. The level of callousness displayed by this administration towards those seeking refuge within our borders is shocking. Every day that passes seemingly reveals another horrific tale of a migrant interacting with Trump’s border patrol forces and then being worse for the wear because of it. We know of the immigrant who was de-ported to Mexico, a country he left when he was three years old, only to be murdered by gang violence just three weeks after his forced return. We know of the young mother, separated from her children at the border, left to wonder about their fate, safety, future, and whether she would ever see them again. In my home state of Texas, a migrant who was separated from his family, committed sui-cide while in federal detention. A mother who, while breastfeeding her young child when both were in federal deten-tion, had her child ripped away from her arms. This cannot be how we make America great again, this is how we make America hateful again. This week brought news that the Trump ad-ministration is seeking to build a tent city at Fort Bliss for the purpose of housing children separated from their parents. This is unconscionable, outrageous and it must stop. I have written to the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security calling for an immediate end to this policy. America is the envy of the world, in large part because of our welcoming and generous nature. For over 100 years, those seeking a better life have been drawn to this land by the words on the Statue of Liberty: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore.’’ The current president fails this obligation, but he is who he is. We must be who we are: a loving, embrac-ing people, eager to share the bounty of this country to all who seek it. The President and GOP have promised for years now to create a plan to improve health insurance for everybody. But that promise has not been kept. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has signifi-cantly improved the availability, affordability, and quality of health care for tens of millions of Americans, including millions who pre-viously had no health insurance at all. Americans are rightly frightened by Repub-lican attempts to repeal the ACA without hav-ing in place a superior new plan that maintains comparable coverages and comparable con-sumer choices and protections. It is beyond dispute that the ‘‘Pay More For Less’’ plan proposed by House Republicans a few months ago fails this test miserably. The Republican ‘‘Pay More For Less Act’’ is a massive tax cut for the wealthy, paid for on the backs of America’s most vulnerable, the poor and working class households. This ‘‘Robin Hood in reverse’’ bill is unprec-edented and breathtaking in its audacity—no bill has ever tried to give so much to the rich while taking so much from the poor and work-ing class. This Republican scheme gives gigantic tax cuts to the rich, and pays for it by taking insur-ance away from 24 million people and raising costs for the poor and middle class. It is despicable and shameful that those elected to serve their people would rather see their pockets full than their constituents healthy and well. Fifty years or so ago the American Labor Movement was little more than a group of dreamers, and look at it now. From coast to coast, in factories, stores, warehouse and business establishments of all kinds, industrial democracy is at work. From ending sweatshop conditions, unlivable wages, and 70-hour workweeks, we have come a long way from our practices over 100 years ago. However, we still have work to be done. Currently in America, there are no federal legal requirements for paid sick leave. For companies subject to the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), the Act does re-quire unpaid sick leave and are only eligible to take FMLA after they have worked for their employer for at least 12 months, worked for at least 1,250 hours over the previous 12 months, and work at a location where at least 50 employees are employed by the employer within 75 miles. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, state and local government workers were more likely than workers in private industry to have access to paid sick leave but less likely to have access to paid vacations and holidays. As with workers in private industry, state and local government workers in the lower wage categories were less likely to have ac-cess to paid sick leave than workers in higher wage categories. Workers in lower wage categories were less likely to have access to paid sick leave than more highly paid workers. For private-industry workers with an average wage in the lowest 10 percent, 27 percent had access to paid sick leave; among workers with an average wage in the highest 10 percent, 87 percent had access to paid sick leave. This is an atrocity. We must allow for all of our constituents to be able to work within a healthy environment. In 1968, African Americans were about 5.4 times as likely as whites to be in prison or jail; compared to today, African Americans are 6.4 times as likely as whites to be incarcerated, which is especially troubling given that whites are also much more likely to be incarcerated now than they were in 1968. It is clear the inequalities and disparities that ignited hundreds of American cities in the 1960s still exist and have not been eliminated over the last half-century. As Judge Learned Hand observed, ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: thou shalt not ration justice.’’ Reforming the criminal justice system so that it is fairer and delivers equal justice to all persons is one of the great moral imperatives of our time. For reform to be truly meaningful, we must look at every stage at which our citizens inter-act with the system—from policing in our com-munities and the first encounter with law en-forcement, to the charging and manner of at-taining a conviction, from the sentence im-posed to reentry and collateral consequences. The need for meaningful prison reform can-not be overstated because being the world’s leader in incarceration is neither morally nor fiscally sustainable for the United States, or the federal government, the nation’s largest jailer. For individuals who have paid their debt, the reentry process is paved with tremendous, and often insurmountable, obstacles resulting in recidivism rates as high as 75 percent in some areas. More must be done to ensure that the em-phasis on incarceration is matched with an equal emphasis on successful reentry so that the approximately 630,000 individuals who re-enter society each year are prepared to be successful in civilian life. This is why I have also strongly supported and cosponsored legislation that will allow those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with federal agen-cies and contractors. I have also been working for many years to stop the over-criminalization of our young peo-ple. Today, more and more young children are being arrested, incarcerated, and detained in 
lengthy out-of-home placements. Harsh and lengthy penalties handed down to young offenders increase their risk of be-coming physically abused, emotionally trauma-tized, and reduce their chance of being suc-cessfully reintegrated back into their commu-nities. I have introduced and supported legislation to help reform how youth and juveniles are treated to reduce contact and recidivism within the juvenile and criminal justice system; to help protect them from a system that turns them into life-long offenders. Just as we need to minimize the conviction of innocent people, we must address the un-necessary loss of life that can result from po-lice and civilian interactions. Effective law enforcement requires the con-fidence of the community that the law will be enforced impartially and equally. That confidence has been eroded substan-tially in recent years by numerous instances of excessive use of lethal forces. There is no higher priority than improving the peacefulness of these interactions and re-building the trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve and protect. Currently, over half a million people in the United States on any given night are experi-encing homelessness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.018 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5193 June 14, 2018 
Now that Congress has lifted the low spend-ing caps required by law for defense and do-mestic programs, lawmakers should ensure the highest level of funding possible for afford-able housing. When U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)’s resources are cut, families may lose access to stable hous-ing, putting them at increased risk of home-lessness. This year, President Trump proposed to slash housing benefits by $11 billion com-pared to current levels. Weeks after passing a massive tax bill that grows our deficit by $1.5 trillion, the President proposed to pay for the tax bill by slashing support for low income people who struggle to make ends meet. HUD and The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) affordable housing pro-grams have lifted millions of families out of poverty. Without this investment, many of these fami-lies would be homeless, living in substandard or overcrowded conditions, or struggling to meet other basic needs. As well, homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. Today, in our country, there are approxi-mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. We have an obligation to provide our vet-erans the assistance needed to avoid home-lessness, which includes adequately funding for programs such as Veterans Administration Supportive Housing (VASH) that provide case- management services, adequate housing fa-cilities, mental health support, and address other areas that contribute to veteran home-lessness. We must commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homeless-ness in America because providing a home for veterans to come home to every night is the very least we can do. As one of the original members of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am well aware of the range of threats that our na-tion has faced. However, I believe that the threats posed by climate change have been ignored to our na-tion’s detriment. Climate change is the challenge of our life-time and for far too many years we have heard the warnings from prominent scientists regarding the danger to people if nothing is done to reverse the amounts of Green House gases released into the atmosphere. All of you will recall the devastation that Hurricane Harvey wreaked on the Houston community last fall. Neither Houston nor any other city in the nation had ever experienced flooding of the magnitude caused by Harvey. In addition to the immense costs of recovery and reconstruction, the cost of human lives is always immeasurable. If we do not collectively and concretely ad-dress the looming threat of climate change, we must prepare for many more devastating natural disasters that destroy lives and liveli-hoods. In 2015, the Pentagon published a report that found climate change to be a security risk, because it degrades living conditions, human security and the ability of governments to meet the basic needs of their populations. Communities within the United States and countries around the world that already are fragile and have limited resources are signifi-cantly more vulnerable to disruption and far less likely to respond effectively and be resil-ient to new challenges caused by climate change. The poor and marginalized who live in areas that already prone to the consequences of se-vere weather because the land was cheaper or unwanted by developers will suffer the early consequence of climate change, but the dam-age will not stop there it will be felt by all. As many of you well know, Greenhouse Gases such as carbon dioxide (CO
2) absorb heat (infrared radiation) emitted from Earth’s surface. Increases in these concentrations of these gases in Earth’s atmosphere are causing our planet to warm by trapping more of this heat. Warmer temperatures have caused the Arc-tic Ice sheets to melt at an unprecedented rate. This winter we have seen extreme tempera-ture swings in some parts of the country, while in others they have seen no winter at all. We are at a point where we can no longer wait for action only from Washington D.C., we must begin to take action in our own cities, counties and states to prepare for the chal-lenges we will face if the rise in temperatures is not abated. It will continue my efforts in Washington to make sure that we have flood study of the greater Houston area to determine the implica-tions of flooding and development in our area. I urge my colleagues in Congress, and all Americans, to look at what unites us rather than what divides us. We are linked by our compassion, and bound by the fundamental edict of the Amer-ican Dream that says we will strive to provide our children with a better life than we had. We can, and we must, find the common ground necessary to make this dream a reality for Americans of every race and creed, nation-ality and religion, gender and sexual orienta-tion; indeed for every American wherever he or she may live in this great land regardless of what he or she looks like or who they may love. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative J
ACKSON LEEfor her el-oquent words. There is a distinction between mis-fortune and injustice. I know this be-cause I am somebody who is a cancer survivor. If you wake up one day and a doctor tells you that you are suffering from stage III colon cancer, and you have not one but two jobs that you love, and constituents that you love, and work that you are engaged with, and a great family, and you are told that you have this terrible diagnosis, it can happen to anybody, and that is a misfortune in life. It happens to people in every State, in every city, and in every country all over the world every day. But, if you get a diagnosis like that and you can’t get healthcare because you are too poor, or because you lost your job, or because, as it used to be, you loved the wrong person, that is not just a misfortune in life, that is an in-justice because we can do something about that. We know how to organize society in such a way that everybody gets healthcare, that everybody gets the attention they need in the event of a catastrophic diagnosis like that. Life is hard enough with all of the sicknesses, the illnesses, the misfor-tunes, and the accidents that we don’t need to compound the misfortunes of life with governmentally imposed in-justice on people. The role of govern-ment has to be to liberate people from injustice and to alleviate the misfor-tunes of life. But now we have, here in Wash-ington, a whole new public philosophy, which is government is a money-making operation for the President, and the President’s friends, and the President’s business associates, and the people who surround him. That is the new royalist vision of government that we have in America. It is a betrayal of the original conception, which is that government would be an instrument of the common good of advancing the public interest of everybody in the country, not just the people who hap-pen to use their wealth and their power to get into public office. Now, if you are poor in America today, you have a lot of problems. You have problems with healthcare. We know that health crises remain the sin-gle dominant cause of personal bank-ruptcy, not business bankruptcy, the kind that the President of the United States filed for five different times. Business bankruptcy is not caused by a sickness or an illness. Donald Trump was perfectly covered in healthcare while his businesses went bankrupt and he got covered. But we have millions of Americans who have been forced into bankruptcy because someone got sick and we didn’t have a national health insurance policy to take care of them and they didn’t have the private health insurance that they needed. As Congresswoman JAYAPAL told us, two-thirds of Americans don’t have $1,000 to deal with a personal crisis, whether it is a healthcare crisis or something else. They don’t have $1,000 to deal with it. And we know that for a serious kind of diagnosis, the bills can run in the tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Education is affected by poverty. It affects where you can live, what kind of schools your kids go to, and, if you have to move a lot the way that a lot of poor people do, it is disruptive of the continuity that the educators tell us is necessary for young people to make progress in school, if you are con-stantly being uprooted and shifted to another school or you have to deal with the various crises and agonies that attend to homelessness. Well, what about voting? Well, here is someone who provided some testi-mony about voting, from Kansas City, Missouri. Her name is Latifah Trezvant, with Stand Up Kansas City. She writes this: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.019 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5194 June 14, 2018 
My name is Latifah Trezvant, and I work at Burger King, where I make $9.50 an hour. I am a leader with Stand Up Kansas City. As a low wage worker in America, I deal with a lot. I don’t have paid sick leave, and I don’t make enough money to afford all my basic needs, like a stable place to live. And now, Missouri lawmakers want to make it harder for people like me to vote. Earlier this year, we weren’t able to afford our rent and had to move out on a moment’s notice. In the rush to pack up all my stuff and find some place where I can lay my head, I lost my ID. So I had to get a new State- issued ID. Should be pretty simple, right? I go to the DMV office, and I am already knowing that I had to have proof of address. As I walk to the window, I tell the lady I need a new ID. She asked for my proof of ad-dress and I show her my debit card state-ment. Immediately, she tells me, ‘‘There is nothing I can do for you.’’ And she gives me a piece of paper of the things I needed to use: A utility bill—I don’t have that because I am homeless and I stay with a friend. A paycheck—I don’t have a paycheck be-cause I had to leave my last job when I couldn’t afford reliable transportation so I could get to work. A government check—I don’t have that. A mortgage statement—well, I sure don’t have that because I am a low-wage worker and I can’t even afford rent, let alone a mortgage statement. Property tax—no. A housing rental contract—well, I am homeless, so no. A bank statement—I don’t have a bank ac-count. I don’t have enough money to open up a bank account and deal with all those fees and penalties. Okay, so here, I am looking at this long list that I do not have. I am so upset. I am standing in line looking at this paper with tears running down my face. But there is one more way I can prove that I am a Missouri resident: a voter registration card. Okay, I actually have that because I plan on voting this year, for the first time in my life, so I had to register back in March. So I go into the election board and get a voter form to take back to the DMV. Two days later, I finally get my ID. There are so many people in my shoes: un-paid workers living in poverty, our elderly people, people who don’t have a State-issued ID. For us, it can be really hard, or even im-possible, to get an ID. 
b1745 
If Missouri passes amendment 6—which is an attempt to restrict who could actually register to vote—over 220,000 people may lose their right to vote in our State. The people who would be disenfranchised would be most-ly elderly, students, and low-wage workers like myself. Please make sure that all people in our country have the right to vote. Fight for America to be a country of freedom, jus-tice, and equal rights for everyone. 
There is one more. Because my grandfather used to say to us, you know, it is very expensive to be poor, and a lot of these statements that I read dealt with the way that people are essentially charged or taxed for being poor. So here is one that comes from Kentucky. 
My name is Mary Love, and I have testified in Frankfort, Kentucky, and other places about the payday lending trap. Fourteen years ago, when I was making a pretty good salary, I came up short one month when the rent was due. I saw an ad for a payday lender and I thought, ‘‘This will be a good way to cover the rent until I get to payday.’’ So I applied for their $200 loan. I gave them a check for $230, and I walked away with the cash that I needed. When payday came around, I went into their office and gave them $230 in cash, and I got my check back. But I wanted to pay off a few more bills, so I wrote them another check that same day for $400 plus $60 inter-est, and I walked away with $400 cash. Next payday, I did the same thing, and the next and the next and on and on for 2 years. Because I was paying them an exorbitant amount of interest—$60 every 2 weeks—I could never catch up. Someone told me that I paid over $1,400 in interest over 2 years, but I sat down with my computer and recal-culated that, and I ended up paying them al-most $2,880 in interest charges over 2 years. Payday lending as advertised is a one-time solution for emergency financial needs, but all too often the story doesn’t end there. Many people like me get loan after loan and end up paying an exorbitant amount of inter-est. I was finally able to pay all my out-standing debts, but it took me over 2 years to do it. The payday loan industry is making mil-lions every year by charging exorbitant in-terest rates and driving consumers deeper into debt. I believe the Bible has something to say about folks engaged in usury. It is past time that politicians stopped letting them engage in this criminal practice. Mr. Speaker, I am going to yield back to my friend, Ms. J
AYAPAL , who has come back with further testimony to read. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
ASKIN for yielding. You know, that story about payday lending just reminded me of how in the State senate right before I came here, we had to fight back to make sure we stopped the rollback, because we actu-ally were able, with activists from around our community, to pass some of the strongest laws that prevented pay-day lenders from taking advantage of people, with great off-ramps. Unfortunately, there were over and over again attempts to try to roll those back, and we at the Federal level need to make sure that the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau is strong, so that we can make sure that these folks are not getting trapped in payday lend-ing. So I know we are running short on time. I want to make sure we get some of these read. So let me read another one from my home State. This is testi-mony from Mashyla Buckmaster. 
I am 28 years old. I am a proud single mom of a beautiful 1-year-old named Ella. As of today, I am celebrating almost 2 years clean and sober. I live in Westport in Grays Harbor County, Washington. I have spent 5 years of my life homeless. Once during my homelessness, a neighbor tried to assault me by throwing a log through the window of the empty building where I was squatting because he was so en-raged that homeless people were living on his block. I got Section 8 housing after my daughter was born just before my organization began providing cold weather shelter to our home-less members. For 110 days last winter, Chap-lains on the Harbor hosted about 20 people in our church, most of them millennials who caught a record trying to survive in a county with no good jobs; no decent, affordable housing; horrible healthcare; and plenty of heroin. Business and property owners were out-raged by our cold weather shelter. Our home-less members were stalked by police. Our pastor was threatened with vigilante vio-lence. The same man who had tried to attack me during my own time squatting also as-saulted a 19-year-old homeless member of our community on church property and later attempted to run him over with a truck. I volunteered to stay overnight at our church and keep people safe while they slept. I stayed there through the nights while the threats continued to pour in. I stayed be-cause my community stepped up to save my life, when the rest of society didn’t care whether I lived or died, and now it was my turn to protect my community. I am joining the Poor People’s Campaign because I need a movement that is as tough as I am. Poor and homeless people get stereotyped like we are too stupid or lazy to solve our own problems. I wasn’t homeless because I was stupid and lazy. I was homeless because our country has no problem with pregnant mothers being homeless in the dead of the winter, while just 2 hours away in Seattle, the founders of Microsoft and Amazon have made themselves the richest individuals on the planet. You tell me who is messed up in this situation. Some of you might be suspicious about a Grays Harbor County person getting up in front of this crowd, thinking, ‘‘Aren’t they just a bunch of rednecks out there?’’ Hell, yes, we are rednecks. We are radical red-necks. We are hillbillies for the liberation of all people. ‘‘We are the living reminder that when they threw out their white trash, they didn’t burn it.’’ We are here to stand shoul-der to shoulder with anybody taking up this campaign, and trust me, we are the kind of Scrappy you want on your side in a fight. Mr. R ASKIN , that testimony resonates for me, because I represent Seattle where we do have some of the biggest corporations. But I will tell you what, we also have 11,500 homeless people in Seattle. And it has been breaking my heart that my community, so tolerant, so wonderful, so inclusive, has been, unfortunately, turning anger of in-equality in our system against people who are experiencing homelessness just like the testimony I just read. I want to read another one that also strikes home for me, because it is a testimony from the Fight for $15 in Massachusetts. As you know, I was proud to be on the committee that passed a $15 minimum wage in Seattle, proud to be one of the first cities in the Fight for $15. This is testimony from Deanna But-ler, and this is from August of 2016. She is in Massachusetts. I think I said that. 
I am a 31-year-old resident of the Dor-chester area. I am a fast-food worker and a member of the Fight for $15. I have been working in the fast-food industry for over 15 years. I work at the Shake Shack, and I make $11 an hour as an end cashier. I am married with three children ages 8, 14, and 15. My check is the only income for my fam-ily, because my husband is disabled and bat-tling with several health conditions. $11 an hour isn’t much. I have worked other jobs, too. I have worked in the retail industry and at the YMCA. But the one thing I have found in all of those jobs is that any-thing less than $15 an hour just isn’t enough. It prevents families like mine from thriving to our full potential. My family receives food stamps and MassHealth, which takes off a heavy load, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.068 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5195 June 14, 2018 
but I am still left to figure out how I am going to make my $350 paycheck stretch for five people. School is about to start again, and I have three kids getting ready to go back to school. I have student loans that I have to pay back, but I am also behind in bills, so I am left to prioritize which bill I can afford to pay this month. Me and my family have been living in the shelter for 6 years—yes, 6 years—because I don’t make enough to afford market rate rent anywhere in the greater Boston area. I don’t understand how these multibillion-dol-lar corporations are able to build an empire on the backs of low-wage workers and get away with making millions in profits while we have nowhere to live and have to depend on brothers and sisters to help us make it through. My kids deserve so much more, and I deserve so much more. That is why I am fighting for $15 an hour, so that one day soon, I will be able to pro-vide for my kids the way I have always hoped to. I will be able to go back to school and finish my medical billing program that I had to put on hold, because making poverty wages and taking care of my family made it challenging for me. We work hard. We deserve more. And peo-ple have started to realize that $15 an hour is the new minimum wage standard. We have been winning in cities across the country, and I hope through this moral revival, we can build a tomorrow where not only the rich matter, but we all matter. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. J
AYAPAL for participating in the Special Order. What does climate change have to do with poverty? Well, today we face ac-celerating extreme weather events, such as intensifying hurricanes that displaced and impoverished hundreds of thousands of citizens in Louisiana, Mississippi, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is-lands, New Jersey. Here is another way that climate change affects people in poverty: through healthcare events that take them out of the workforce. Here is the testimony from Liz Betty-Owens from Vermont. She writes: 
I am 26, a home care provider and a bar-tender. Just over a year ago, I was diagnosed with Lyme disease and began a lifelong bat-tle with not only this crippling disease but also the healthcare industry and my struggle to access the healthcare I need. At 25, I was incredibly ill, attempting to continue my work as a healthcare provider and making all of my healthcare decisions not based on a doctor’s recommendation, but based on what my health insurance at the time would cover and what I could afford with my meager out-of-pocket expenses. I re-alized that BlueCross BlueShield of Vermont had more power over my health and wellbeing than me or my doctor. I accumulated several thousand dollars of debt, and then, in April, I was booted off my mom’s insurance plan because I turned 26. I began the 3-month process of registering for my State’s Medicare. I was unable to go to the doctor for months while I was still show-ing symptoms and recovering from initial treatment. I was held up in the process of trying to prove I made such a small yearly income that I was in fact eligible for the State’s Green Mountain health plan. And ever since I was finally accepted, I have had to try and tread a careful line making sure I don’t make too much money and get booted off the State plan, risking fines from lack of health insurance and, yet again, not having access to the care that I need as I fight this debilitating disease. It is devastating to experience the exhaust-ing and harmful approach of a healthcare system controlled by insurance companies, Big Pharma, and hospital monstrosities that care more about the bottom line than the needs of healthcare workers and patients, rather than living in a society where every-one can get the care they need and have it be solely based on decisions between the indi-vidual and the doctor. It is exhausting to know that I am already struggling with this at the age of 26 and that I live in a rapidly aging State where an entire generation will have to fight to get the care they need. And home care providers like myself will be caught in the crossfire of providing care services with working people who are not al-lowed the resources to compensate for the care that they actually need. It is also terrifying being diagnosed with Lyme disease, which is transmitted by a tick bug that is infected by a bacterium. As weather patterns continue to hit new ex-tremes because of climate change and the northeast continues to warm, the number of infected tick bugs is only expected to grow. The people at the greatest risk are those of us who work outdoors growing food or work-ing on farms, maintaining State and Federal lands, and our heightened risk to this disease is made even more terrifying by the contin-ued threat of our already limited access to healthcare. We need universal healthcare as a human right and a public good, and not a com-modity to buy and sell. We need this Poor People’s Campaign to unite the poor and dis-possessed, and indict the immoral status quo that produces poverty and is ravaging our communities. Mr. Speaker, with those words, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 30 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night, and have chosen not to attend the Congressional Baseball Game, be-cause I think I have an important mes-sage that needs to be heard. I rise to elevate an economic and hu-manitarian issue that is manifesting itself across Ohio, our Nation, and our continent. Millions upon millions of workers, many landless workers essen-tial to getting America’s work done in agriculture and other sectors, live and toil in an eerie, shadow existence. These workers often are exploited due to our broken immigration and legal systems, which afford them and their work no respect. Our beloved father, Steven, would say: ‘‘They are caught between the Devil and the deep blue sea.’’ Let’s take a peek inside who some of these workers really are. These workers dare to climb sky-scrapers and install the steel beams and pour concrete across our country, one slip away from death. They embrace harsh work cir-cumstances, going into the brutally hot Sun in the south and west, picking your vegetables and fruits for 12 to 16 hours a day at high season. In our vast tobacco fields, they work from sunup to sundown, picking off flowers from tobacco plants in the blis-tering 110-degree heat as their fingers and hands numb from the nicotine and their sweaty sunburned bodies turn ripe for melanoma skin cancer, and they have no health insurance. b1800 They work in hot steam chambers cleaning our laundry in the big cities and in the very, very difficult environ-ments of slaughterhouses using elec-trified cutting equipment, and they are covered in blood in those slaughter-houses for the meat that we eat. They trudge through manure in dairy farms; and they harvest mushrooms sold in every store, in the grocery stores around this country; in cold, damp, dark, underground caves, walk-ing through horse dung. They catch, by hand, thousands of chickens every night in the dark, hot coops that generally have 25,000 or more chickens each, where the stench and the dust are life-threatening. They clean bathrooms in amusement parks, along State turnpikes, and in airports. And why do they do this work? To survive, while holding out hope for a better life for them and their loved ones. Without these workers, our tables would be bereft of the food we depend upon. America could not feed itself. Without these workers, companies would have to pay higher wages and offer health insurance to do the work. Indeed, many, many, many millions of these workers are uprooted, actu-ally, continental labor refugees, spit out of vicious and violent economic and political systems across the Amer-icas. Yet continental trade compacts like NAFTA and CAFTA were designed purposefully to create this landless class of laborers to purposely under-value them and their work. NAFTA caused millions of these workers to be upended and lose their small farmsteads in Mexico, precipi-tating the largest human exodus from the land in modern history. And, recip-rocally, in our country, millions of Americans lost their jobs in factories and farms across the Nation as our jobs were shipped south. Trade agreements have failed work-ers on this continent in their home-lands; and many of those south of our border fled—fled—to find ways to make a living, drawn by worker shortages in many countries, including our own, finding work in the most unappealing jobs, jobs our citizens won’t take. Now, for those who came here to work, they face even more cruelty by the Trump administration and many Members of this body, too, as their children and families are being ripped apart. And I am going to tell you a story about that in a second. News reports are beginning to reveal the edges of this ugly system of de facto human bondage. Our Nation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.070 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5196 June 14, 2018 
founded in slavery, fought a bloody Civil War over whether the economic system of the South would be extended west, and we have not completely healed from that war even till today. Sadly, American history has not been immune from subjugating and inden-turing workers. This situation of penniless workers in bondage is the modern-day version of a continuing continental exploitation of labor. It is an old story, repeating itself in a new chapter. Last Tuesday, in a very well-known greenhouse operation in my district in Erie County, Ohio, near Sandusky, the home of the roller coaster at Cedar Fair, this well-regarded greenhouse op-eration was raided at the height of this spring season by dozens and dozens and dozens of Federal Immigration, Border Patrol, and IRS officials. At least 114 male and female workers were detained, removed to jails, and are being questioned somewhere. But where? Those who are parents have been cruelly separated from their chil-dren, with no provision made for the children. This is a photo. I will say something about that in a second, of what was going on last week in Ohio. The reverberations of this raid in Ohio will be felt across a greenhouse and nursery industry at high season when these companies must have work-ers. They are highly dependent on thousands of seasonal laborers to per-form the necessary work, and I am talking just in Ohio, tens of thousands of workers. The same is true in our border State of Michigan. I worry about these workers, and I worry about whether these firms will find the workers to perform the work at such a key time of the year. There simply aren’t enough hands left to do the work. Men and women workers, some of whom had worked for this firm for nearly two decades, were surrounded by ICE officers who came out of an-other State, Detroit, Michigan, heavily armed with rifles. They even tied the hands of citizens of our country behind their backs before questioning them. Border Patrol helicopters whirred overhead as workers were handcuffed and made to lie down on their bellies before being taken by bus to detention centers hundreds of miles from Erie County, where this raid occurred. As far as I have been able to deter-mine, the women workers, most of whom are mothers, have been placed in the Calhoun County Jail near Battle Creek, Michigan, and the men, in a fa-cility, the Northeast Ohio Correctional Center in Youngstown, Ohio. I took particular note that Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement must have notified the Associated Press that took this picture of the impending raid, as the reporter traveled all the way from Michigan to take this par-ticular photo and report on the raid. But the same notification was not ex-tended to the local press nor, for that matter, to local Ohio law enforcement officials who knew nothing about this raid. It certainly looks like the Trump ad-ministration seems intent on staging a big show on immigration, but where is its interest in real solutions? Was this raid really about security? or is it more about intimidation? or is it trying to divide Americans along economic and racial lines? I was told the greenhouse workers put up no resistance. They were peace-ful. When I asked ICE if I could visit the workers in one of the detention centers this past weekend, I was told arrange-ments could not be made, even though these workers work in the district I represent. This is simply unacceptable. ICE, which reports to the superlords in the Trump administration respon-sible for this, have been over a day late and a dollar short in their answers back to us in their communications. Yet people’s lives and their children’s well-being are at stake. Stonewalling is simply not an option. So I intend to head to Michigan in a few days to try to find the detention center and, hopefully, speak to some of the women. I understand if I do so, we have to do it over a videophone or something. And I will say to the De-partment of Homeland Security I ex-pect a full report on the status of each of these workers, as well as evidence they are being treated with dignity and respect in the county jail. I hope to share more publicly about what I learn with my colleagues here in the House, as well as the people of Ohio’s Ninth District. I want a full ef-fort and report on what is at issue with each of the persons apprehended. I want to know where each is located, as well as what can be done to minimize the trauma for their children being separated from their parents. So how did America get to a point where people who work hard with their hands for a living are rounded up like cattle and their children taken from them to places they know not where? Some of these children may be Dreamers, Americans who have grown up in the United States whose immi-gration status needs to be addressed. So let’s do it. Today, we learned that next week this House, apparently, will vote on two competing measures that relate to immigration. One is from Mr. B
OB G
OODLATTE of Virginia, H.R. 4760, called Securing America’s Future Act of 2018. That bill only gives temporary status to young people who have grown up in this country. It makes deep cuts to legal immigration. It prevents legal immigrants from sponsoring their fam-ily members to enter the United States, and, of course, it boosts en-forcement. It is a punitive bill, cer-tainly not a very hopeful bill. And even if it could pass this House, it is not going to pass the Senate. Then there is this mysterious new bill that Speaker R
YAN calls a com-promise bill, and the compromise bill we may vote on next week still isn’t written. It follows the framework, we are told, set forward by the White House, legal status for Dreamers, in-creased border security, including funding for a wasteful, ineffective bor-der wall, an end to the diversity visa lottery, and curbing family-based legal immigration. Wow, there are so many people who have come to our office who want to marry someone who is waiting in an-other country. How many decades are they going to have to wait? Just an hour ago, a summary pro-vided said this: This second measure would authorize fund-ing for construction of a border wall sought by President Trump and give a path for so- called DACA populations to apply for a 6- year, indefinitely renewable, nonimmigrant legal status, after which they can apply for newly allocated green cards. 
We will see. Count me as a skeptic. To date, the Trump administration has failed to help young Dreamers who have been here their whole lives. To date, the Republican congressional ma-jority has failed to provide a pathway for these Dreamers. The majority has failed to act on comprehensive immi-gration reform, which we really need. Years of inaction by House Repub-licans who hold the majority have brought us to this point. And we had a measure down here on the floor that had garnered 216 signatures to bring a set of votes to the floor that could real-ly have addressed this problem, and the majority jerked it off the ledger the other day. Rather than blaming workers and harming U.S. companies, let’s put the blame where it belongs: on the trade agreements that the United States has been passing since the 1990s that set us on a treacherous and greedy path of bad trade deals like NAFTA and CAFTA that threw millions of workers out of work in our country, and mil-lions of workers and small businesses in countries like Mexico lost their work, treated like chattel on this con-tinent. We need a renegotiated NAFTA. These bad deals have never resulted in a positive trade balance for our coun-try. Instead, they displaced millions of workers in North America. U.S. plants shut down here, and trade deals like NAFTA thrust cheap labor into the market, forcing wages down across the continent, including in Mexico. Border crossings doubled into our country after NAFTA’s passage, in-cluding illegal entries of desperate peo-ple under desperate circumstances. Those trade deals disrupted the mar-kets that small farmers in Mexico and Central America relied on to support themselves. Who would not flee desperation? You would, too, if your livelihood dis-appeared. Think about it. The best estimate suggests 11 million undocumented immigrants have as-sumed some of the hardest, low-paying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.073 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5197 June 14, 2018 
jobs inside our economy since NAFTA’s passage and, 10 years after that, CAFTA’s passage. Employers and em-ployees are transfixed by a rigged glob-al economy that pits businesses and workers across this continent against one another. Who benefited from that? Ask your-self that question. Answer the ques-tion. Many workers have endured long journeys by foot, train, and boat as labor traffickers indebted them to make it across our border. Others who work here simply stayed beyond the expiration of their temporary visitor permits. The situation is more complicated than many people realize. The reality is about 60 percent of the unauthorized population of workers here has been here for at least a decade. A third of undocumented immigrants 15 years of age and older live with at least one child who is a U.S. citizen by birth. So do we close our eyes to all of this and what has happened on this con-tinent or do we fix it? b1815 The renegotiation of NAFTA pre-sents a precious moment, and I am with the President on renegotiating NAFTA, but with what provisions? The chance to create a just economic model for all of North America that respects and recognizes both employer needs and labor rights should be in a trade agreement. Renegotiation could have a monu-mental impact on not only economic opportunity for millions, but also cor-rect distorted, migratory patterns in labor markets made so much worse by NAFTA. Instead of lifting up workers and improving their plight, achieving good jobs with living wages, the cur-rent NAFTA-CAFTA system forces workers in a harsh system that equates to a modern-day versions, yes, of slav-ery. Workers understand that standing up and complaining about abusive condi-tions will mean termination because an employer can report them to immigra-tion authorities. So the guillotine al-ways hangs over their head. A renego-tiated NAFTA can bring workers out from under the shadows. It will benefit business. It will benefit workers, and it will benefit our communities and our continent. When workers are asked why they endure all this, almost all have the same reason: survival and a hope for the American Dream. For those that have come here from other places and work here, they are performing the jobs the rest of America chooses not to do. Rather than end this miserable un-derground system of indentured ser-vitude, Republicans have chosen inac-tion time and time again. NAFTA and CAFTA need to be re-negotiated to institute a legal system that gives workers standing in the law, not exploitation, whatever side of the border they live on. Now, Republican lawmakers fail to acknowledge the vast role American foreign policy has played in creating the conditions in North America that push and pull workers on their perilous trek, destabilizing their way of life. You cannot solve this problem without solving the NAFTA and CAFTA prob-lem. Recall, President Reagan worked with Congress to pass the last com-prehensive immigration reform bill in the 1980s, and at the same time, unfor-tunately, the United States Govern-ment negotiated with international de-velopment institutions to develop new policies that favored large multi-national corporations but undercut workers, including the smaller farms and businesses that created economic opportunity for communities in our country and south of our border. In 1994, the North American Free Trade Agreement—boy is that a mis-nomer—was sold to Congress as a way to keep Mexicans home and to make sure that American workers were cared for. Well, guess what? NAFTA actually threw millions of Americans out of work and also millions of Mexican farmers and small businesses were dis-placed. These upended workers sought oppor-tunity wherever they could find it. In-deed, immigration to the United States from Mexico doubled post-NAFTA as millions of U.S. citizens saw their jobs shipped south of the border. And those south of the border, who couldn’t even afford food at that point—a desperate exodus began and people were willing to work for penny wages. A decade later, Congress passed CAFTA, the Central American Free Trade Agreement, further undercutting agricultural workers and small entre-preneurs throughout the rest of the southern tip of North America. So these policies trapped Latin America workers between a foreign policy that drove them from home and a U.S. do-mestic policy that kept them in the shadows, while driving good jobs out of the United States to low-wage environ-ments. Ask yourself: Who would benefit in that kind of system? Look at the prof-its of some of the companies and the CEOs of those companies that did that. We also know, far too many employers take on undocumented workers and ex-ploit them for their willingness to work long hours for no pay. President Trump, please know, walls will not solve these passive economic inequities our trade policies created. Only fixing NAFTA and CAFTA will. Our Nation needs comprehensive, continental immigration reform that should include an E-Verify employee system to take the onus off the em-ployers to verify a worker’s status, and to give workers standing on this con-tinent. No border wall can succeed against the enormous pull of our vast econo-my’s needs, including for labor, as em-ployers complain every day to me they cannot find the workers they need. Let me conclude in my remaining minutes with a few stories that came out of this horrendous raid that oc-curred in northern Ohio. Maria Sandra worked at this green-house and was present the day of the raid. She recalls clocking in at 7 a.m. These workers work hard. She walked to her van to get her sunscreen and gloves when she heard vehicles slam-ming on the brakes in the gravel. The officers got down with large weapons so she figured they were look-ing for a dangerous criminal. Then she says: 
I realized it was immigration. Two men came up behind me screaming at me to walk. I told them I have my ID and my Social Se-curity card. They screamed louder: Walk. I picked up my phone and they told me to put it away, that I couldn’t use it. I was so scared seeing how they pushed people and put us together like animals on their way to a slaughterhouse. The officers tied every-body up. I kept saying, I have my documents. I will show them to you. But they ignored me. They began separating us into two lines. Ev-erybody that was White was let go. I was there so long that I had to use the bathroom. They refused to let me go until many others had to go. We were taken, tied, to the restroom, ac-companied by an officer with a big gun. I kept asking: Why are you doing this? I have all of my documentation in my van. They asked me: Are you a citizen? And I said: Yes. They laughed at me. I had never felt so humiliated. I can still hear 
everybody crying. When they fi-nally ran my social, they escorted me to my van, still tied. They told me to leave and I said: How can I drive with my hands tied? Another officer came with scissors to untie me and actually cut my wrist. I pulled away in pain and he got angry and said: Why did you move? 
I said: Because you cut me. I stormed out of there in fear. I have never experienced anything like this in my whole life. I was treated like a criminal with no voice or rights. 
Gloria Reyes works at Corso’s and was there the day of the raid. Gloria’s coworker, who was arrested, asked Glo-ria to drop off her lunch bag at home and check on her children. Gloria’s co-worker, whose name she would prefer not to give out because of fear of the children being taken, has three chil-dren: a little boy, a little girl, and a baby. Gloria went to that house and when she knocked, she said she could hear them behind the door shushing each other. Gloria says: 
I knocked for a while and just kept saying, son, open up. I won’t hurt you. I just came to drop off your mom’s lunch. The eldest finally opened the door but wouldn’t let me in. He broke down crying and asking questions I couldn’t answer because I didn’t know where any of them were. I tried to calm him down and said every-thing would be okay. I went back to take the children food, but nobody answered the door. I don’t know if they are okay. Those children only have their mother. I have been here in this community 42 years, and I have never seen anything like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.074 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5198 June 14, 2018 
this. Families are being broken without car-ing of what would be of the children. Work-ing is not a sin, and all of those people just wanted to better themselves. We work hard, sometimes taking shifts from 7 a.m. until midnight. What the govern-ment is doing is wrong. People are suffering. The American children are suffering. 
Another woman who worked at Corso’s writes that she escaped the raid and she wants to remain anonymous because she fears that she might be hunted down. She said: 
I never expected anything like this to hap-pen. When I saw them coming, I ran, and I ran, and ran until I hid under a bed of flow-ers. I buried myself under the dirt and cried in silence. All I could think about is my kids. I have three. A lot of us have small children who need us. My skin itched of the mud stuck to my body drying. 
Is this America? Is this America? 
I prayed to God for strength. I hid there for 8 hours in fear of being taken or that maybe ICE would still be around. I still feel like I am there suffocating. When I came out, I asked someone who also works at Corso’s for a ride. The entire complex was silent. Lunch boxes were left everywhere. There was a void in the room. As I got home, I was scared to get out of the car. I looked around the neighborhood to make sure there were no officers around. Walking through the door and hugging my son was a relief. However, I hurt when he asks me: What is going to happen now? I don’t know what to say. All I know is, I have to provide for them. I am alone and I don’t have a dime to my name. If I had a voice, I would tell the gov-ernment that we don’t hurt anyone. We are humble people who are just working to bet-ter our lives. I would tell them to put their hands on their hearts and realize they are hurting people. Children are suffering. Please stop. 
A young girl, age 13, who resides in a place named Willard, her mother was taken in the raid. She said: 
I was still in bed when I could hear some-one banging on my door. Right after, there was banging on my bedroom window, so I got up to see what was going on. As I opened the door, my neighbor in panic and tears asked where mom was. I said: She is working. Why? She asked, had I spoken to her? I began to say no when she interrupted me by saying she had been arrested at her job along with many others from our town. My neighbor said: Call your dad. I was so confused and even dumb because I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t even remember my dad’s phone number. My dad didn’t answer, so I panicked. I cried on the floor hugging a picture of my mom. All I could do was cry and hope it wasn’t true. Not her. My father eventually walked through the door and just hugged me tight and we cried. I have little sisters and they kept asking: Mommy, mommy. I would just say: She is at work. It was even harder to tell my little brother. I played a song, ‘‘I Am Not Alone,’’ and I prayed and prayed. That night my sisters wouldn’t go to bed, insisting to wait for my mom. I went to sleep at 4 a.m. just thinking every time my mom gave me advice and how I wish I had listened every time. My dad didn’t go to work the next day. I think everybody is scared. Everyone says: Be strong. It is going to be okay. But all I can think about is, when will I see my mom again? When will I hug her again? Now I have to take care of my sisters. But looking at mom’s empty chair at the table, just doesn’t seem fair. I hope the American people who are listening tonight think about these human beings that honestly don’t de-serve to be caught between our govern-ment, the Mexican Government, and the governments of the southern tip of North America. NAFTA and CAFTA have to be renegotiated and workers of this continent have to be respected. We have to treat people like human beings and there must be a legal sys-tem that protects them all. ‘‘God Bless America’’ and God bless this continent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and June 15 on account of business in the district. Mr. D
ONOVAN (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of business in the district. Mr. D
EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today after 2:30 p.m. and June 15 on account of personal medical leave. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 13, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2333. To amend the Small Business In-vestment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 4743. To amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, June 15, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5166. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Re-port to Congress on Corrosion Policy and Oversight Budget Materials Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2228; to the Committee on Armed Services. 5167. A letter from the Policy Analyst, Law Enforcement Division, Office of the Provost Marshal General, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Use of Force by Per-sonnel Engaged in Law Enforcement and Se-curity Duties [Docket No.: USA-2017-HQ-0010] (RIN: 0702-AA87) received June 8, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5168. A letter from the Chief, FOIA Office, Department of the Army, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — The Freedom of Information Act Pro-gram [Docket ID: USA-2017-HQ-0006] (RIN: 0702-AA79) received June 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5169. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s temporary rule — Schedules of Con-trolled Substances: Extension of Temporary Placement of beta-Hydroxythiofentanyl in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act [Docket No.: DEA-484] received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5170. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R06-OAR-2016-0716; FRL- 9977-26-Region 6] received May 11, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5171. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tebuconazole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0032; FRL- 9976-62] received May 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5172. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPA-HQ-OLEM-2017-0604, 0606, 0607, 0609, 0611 and 0612; FRL-9978-14-OLEM] received May 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5173. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Addition of Nonylphenol Ethoxylates Category; Community Right-to- Know Toxic Chemical Release Reporting [EPA-HQ-TRI-2016-0222; FRL-9979-16] (RIN: 2070-AK15) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5174. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Removal of Depart-ment of Environmental Protection Gasoline Volatility Requirements for the Pittsburgh- Beaver Valley Area [EPA-R03-OAR-2018-0277; FRL-9979-44-Region 3] received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5175. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 03-18, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5176. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-378, ‘‘Hearing Aid Assistance Program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.076 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5199 June 14, 2018 
Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5177. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-379, ‘‘Historic Anacostia Vacant Prop-erties Surplus Declaration and Disposition Authorization Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5178. A letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, transmitting the 2017 manage-ment report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5179. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Annual Events in the Captain of the Port Buffalo Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2017-1112] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5180. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone for Fire-works Display; Severn River, Sherwood For-est, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0157] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5181. A letter from the Regulation Develop-ment Coordinator, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Authority of Health Care Providers to Prac-tice Telehealth (RIN: 2900-AQ06) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 5182. A letter from the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, transmitting a notification that the Board projects that the asset reserves held in the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will become inadequate under the meaning of section 709 within the next 10 years, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 910(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title VII, Sec. 709 (as added by Public Law 98- 21, Sec. 143); (97 Stat. 102); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5183. A letter from the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds, transmitting a notification that the Board projects that the asset reserves held in the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund will become inadequate under the meaning of section 709 within the next 10 years, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 910(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title VII, Sec. 709 (as added by Public Law 98- 21, Sec. 143); (97 Stat. 102); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5762. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the De-partment of Homeland Security’s border se-curity operations to detect, interdict, dis-rupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes with an amendment (Rept. 115–755). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4991. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the Na-tional Urban Security Technology Labora-tory, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–756). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4627. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize ex-penditures to combat emerging terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks, and for other purposes with an amendment (Rept. 115–757). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland): H.R. 6101. A bill to amend titles 5 and 38, United States Code, to ensure that certain employees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs are subject to the same removal, demo-tion, and suspension policies as other em-ployees of the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 6102. A bill to provide for the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency to establish prudential management and oper-ations standards for mortgage servicers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6103. A bill to establish a national commission on the Federal response to the 2017 natural disasters in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. C
LAY, and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 6104. A bill to require the sale of dis-tressed notes and other obligations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. P
ERRY , and Mr. R
UTHERFORD ): H.R. 6105. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve the Law Enforce-ment Officer Safety Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G OH-MERT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. C
RAMER ): H.R. 6106. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to clarify the authorized cat-egorical exclusions and authorize additional categorical exclusions to streamline the oil and gas permitting process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Ms. C
HE-
NEY, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. C RAMER ): H.R. 6107. A bill to clarify that Bureau of Land Management shall not require permits for oil and gas activities conducted on non- Federal surface estate to access subsurface mineral estate that is less than 50 percent Federally owned, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H.R. 6108. A bill to provide for partnerships among State and local governments, re-gional entities, and the private sector to pre-serve, conserve, and enhance the visitor ex-perience at nationally significant battle-fields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6109. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an enhanced re-search credit for the development of smart gun technologies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 6110. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the review and adjustment of payments under the Medi-care outpatient prospective payment system to avoid financial incentives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternative treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
AWAY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Lou-isiana, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , and Mr. C AR-
TERof Texas): H.R. 6111. A bill to amend the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 with respect to high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mr. M
ARSHALL ): H.R. 6112. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to make institutions of higher education eligible for assistance for community food projects, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DIAZ-BALART (for himself, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Ms. M
ENG): H.R. 6113. A bill to establish new ZIP codes for certain communities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. F ASO, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. K USTER of New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JN7.000 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5200 June 14, 2018 
Hampshire, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ENG, Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. K EATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. K
IND, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, and Mr. T
EDLIEU of Cali-fornia): H.R. 6114. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to eliminate the waiting periods for disability insurance benefits and Medicare coverage for individuals with meta-static breast cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. M
ARINO ): H.R. 6115. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to include an act of unregulated custody transfer in the definition of child abuse and neglect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. MOOLENAAR (for himself, Mr. A
MASH , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. W
ALBERG ): H.R. 6116. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 6117. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of Medicare part E public health plans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6118. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘Amer-ican World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6119. A bill to remove the red wolf from the list of endangered and threatened wildlife for North Carolina, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6120. A bill to establish a competitive grant program for parent engagement that would focus on the development, implemen-tation, and evaluation of programs designed to increase capacity of parents to dem-onstrate and teach children social and emo-tional skills and of teachers to work with parents to develop these skills; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , and Mr. S OTO): H.R. 6121. A bill to modernize the authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion to conduct research, development, dem-onstration, and information programs; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. TSONGAS ): H. Res. 941. A resolution recognizing the importance of public park and recreation fa-cilities and activities and expressing support for the designation of the month of July as ‘‘Park and Recreation Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida): H. Res. 942. A resolution expressing support for the honoring of the City Commission of the City of Lauderdale Lakes, Broward Coun-ty, Florida; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. C
ORREA ): H. Res. 943. A resolution urging action to increase equity within the legal cannabis marketplace; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H. Res. 944. A resolution expressing soli-darity with and sympathy for the people of Guatemala after the June 3, 2018, eruption of the Fuego Volcano; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H. Res. 945. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that high-performance buildings improve the quality of life for millions of individuals, produce a more resilient and sustainable world for current and future generations, re-duce operating costs, and improve the pro-ductivity, comfort, and health of occupants, and expressing support for designating the week of June 11 through June 15, 2018, as ‘‘High-Performance Building Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 6102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Artice I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;. . .’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. BACON: H.R. 6105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, paragraph 3, granting Congress power to regulate interstate com-merce. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States). By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 6110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 6111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 6112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. DIAZ-BALART: H.R. 6113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 6114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JN7.100 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5201 June 14, 2018 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 6115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H.R. 6116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: To establish Post Offices and post Roads; By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 6117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 6121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 99: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 200: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 233: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 237: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 392: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 398: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 809: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 810: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 816: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 930: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 959: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 980: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1057: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 1171: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 1213: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1221: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 1251: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1267: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1272: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1300: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1318: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1341: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1374: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1421: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1456: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 1550: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 1651: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1661: Mr. B
ARRand Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1783: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1881: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 2043: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2044: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 2092: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 2106: Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2150: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 2358: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. H ILL, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. F ASO, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. C URTIS , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. R OSS, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 2550: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2598: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2651: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 2735: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 2840: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3032: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3286: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3349: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3378: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3626: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 3637: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3684: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3742: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 3861: Mrs. N
OEMand Mr. B RAT. H.R. 3923: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3956: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3984: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 4077: Mr. P
ANETTA and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 4114: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 4126: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4186: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 4229: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4306: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4345: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4483: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4536: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4633: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4647: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 4649: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4732: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4819: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4940: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 4953: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4983: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 5115: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 5129: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 5132: Mr. B
UCK, Mr. C RIST, Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 5248: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 5282: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 5306: Ms. M
ENG and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5332: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 5358: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5409: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5460: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 5467: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5497: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5500: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. B ERGMAN , and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5509: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 5510: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5588: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 5621: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5658: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 5671: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5693: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5701: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5753: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5761: Mr. R
USHand Ms. E STYof Con- necticut. H.R. 5773: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5818: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 5880: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 5885: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 5922: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 5924: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. M AST, Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mrs. H ANDEL . H.R. 5948: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 5949: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 5986: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida, and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 5987: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R
USH, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5988: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5990: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6008: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 6014: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 6016: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 6018: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 6028: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 6033: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 6043: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 6048: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 6069: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 6075: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R USH, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 6079: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 6080: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 6082: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 6084: Mr. L
AHOODand Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 6086: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 6088: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.J. Res. 33: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Con. Res. 123: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 188: Mr. L
ATTA . H. Res. 732: Ms. M
CSALLY . H. Res. 776: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 834: Mr. S
UOZZI . H. Res. 861: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H. Res. 888: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 915: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H. Res. 920: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 926: Ms. T
ITUS. H. Res. 927: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. B
ERA, and Mr. P AYNE . H. Res. 930: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Res. 933: Mr. C
OHEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.023 H14JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3929 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 2018 No. 99 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy One, who prompts us to conform to Your will, continue to shine in the hearts of our lawmakers, providing them with Your wisdom. Lord, purify the desires of their hearts, leading them beside the still waters of con-templation and thanksgiving. Em-bolden them to become instruments of Your saving power that comforts, chal-lenges, and refreshes. Remove from them anything that hinders them from bringing glory to Your Name, as You keep them faithful in these sometimes confusing and challenging times. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FARM BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, I was pleased to join my col-leagues on the Senate Agriculture Committee to approve a landmark farm bill. Under the fair and bipartisan leadership of Chairman P
ATROBERTS , our committee has produced a bill that will bolster struggling agriculture communities across our country. Speaking for my home State of Ken-tucky, agriculture is part of who we are. Kentucky farm families produce everything from poultry to soybeans. This legislation will assist them, en-courage economic growth, and increase investment in rural communities. This farm bill also includes a bipar-tisan provision I crafted with Senator WYDEN to legalize industrial hemp. At present, with just a few limited excep-tions, our Federal Government bans domestic hemp production—never mind that this is a completely different plant than its illicit cousin, and never mind that consumers are already buy-ing hemp products, everything from clothing to auto parts; they are just imported from foreign producers. Fed-eral law has mostly prohibited our own farmers from getting in on the action. It is time to remove the roadblocks and let American farmers explore this growing market. This has long been a priority of mine. I championed hemp pilot programs in the 2014 farm bill. They have shown big success. It is time to take the next step. Again, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the committee for their leadership on this subject. I was pleased to join the over-whelming bipartisan majority who voted the farm bill out of committee yesterday morning, and I look forward to taking it up here on the floor in the next few weeks. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another subject, for the past week, the Senate has been considering the John S. McCain 2019 National Defense Au-thorization Act. It is a thorough bill. It is a bipartisan bill. The Armed Services Committee has conducted hearing after hearing, gath-ering testimony from our Nation’s top military leaders. They have heard straight from the experts about the gaps between current capabilities and current challenges. Taking this testi-mony into account, throughout the committee markup, they considered and included 300 amendments—300—in the version they reported to the Sen-ate. For days now, we have discussed and debated it here on the floor. Senators INHOFE and R EED modified the sub-stitute amendment to include more than 40 additional amendments from Members on both sides. Even so, I am confident no Senator sees this as a per-fect bill. I am sure every one of us has further issues we would like to tackle. Some pertain to the substance of De-fense authorization; others concern completely different topics. Personally, I would like to have seen even more votes on amendments this week, but one of the realities of this body is that any Senator on either side can object to setting up amendment votes. Any Senator on either side can object to setting up amendment votes. The good news is what we already have in hand: an excellent Defense au-thorization bill that will fulfill one of this body’s important responsibilities and empower the men and women who volunteer to protect us. We have ful-filled that responsibility for 57 con-secutive years. When this bill passes, it will be 58 consecutive years. You might call that a routine, but in this body, as we know, what can seem like the most routine activities are often among the most important. This Defense author-ization bill is right at the top of the Senate’s to-do list so we can do right by our men and women serving in uni-form around the world. Today is the 243rd birthday of our U.S. Army. I am glad we will have the opportunity to vote to keep advancing this bill in just a few minutes. As I have discussed all week, this leg-islation is critical to implementing Secretary Mattis’s new national de-fense strategy. It is critical for sup-porting our allies and regional partners 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.000 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3930 June 14, 2018 
around the world. It is critical for keeping America safe in a world that confronts us with everything from ter-rorist threats from nonstate actors to great power competition. One way or another, the Senate will pass this bill. We will fulfill our solemn responsibility to our military, and then we will proceed to other important business for our constituents. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, day after day and week after week, more evidence piles up that Republicans’ overhaul of the U.S. Tax Code is igniting new growth and increasing opportunity all across our country. Here is what tax reform means to middle-class Floridians. It means thou-sand-dollar bonuses for all 26 employ-ees at Spellex Corporation, a software company in Tampa. It means an 11-per-cent increase in the base wage at a bank with more than 600 locations all across Florida. At a brewery, it meant the flexibility to purchase $100,000 in new capital equipment and hire two ad-ditional employees. For the customers of Florida Power & Light, it meant a lower monthly bill. The utility had planned to implement a new surcharge for rebuilding after Hurricane Irma, but tax reform let them cover the cost of the entire rebuilding themselves and kept that added burden off of the shoulders of Floridians. These are just a few of the ways tax reform is helping jump-start prosperity up and down the State of Florida. Florida’s junior Senator, Mr. R
UBIO, voted to pass this once-in-a-generation law. It is too bad his colleague, the sen-ior Senator from Florida, stood with every single Democrat in the House and in the Senate and tried to block these tax cuts from reaching the Amer-ican people. Apparently, he preferred that more middle-class families’ money remain with the IRS. I would call that a curious decision. Perhaps our Demo-cratic colleagues don’t quite under-stand the importance of a thriving economy. We recently heard some revealing comments from the House Democratic leader. Here is what she said: 
Hip hip hooray, unemployment is down. What does that mean to me and my life? 
Unemployment is as low as it has been since 1969. There is soaring con-fidence from consumers and small busi-nesses. There are more job openings than Americans looking for work for the first time in at least 20 years. No big deal, say our Democratic col-leagues. Nothing to see here. Do they really think an outstanding job market doesn’t matter to American families? Well, that might help explain their vot-ing record on tax reform and other issues, but I suspect this is just pure partnership because it is Republican policies that are helping generate this success. Our friends across the aisle want to deny reality and ignore the ob-vious improvements for workers, fami-lies, and job creators. Fortunately, the facts are the facts. Americans know success when they see it, and Repub-licans will keep fighting to unleash more prosperity for the middle class. f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895, an act making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Marco Rubio, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Lisa Murkowski, Richard Burr, Roger F. Wicker. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
TRUMP -KIM SUMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, it has now been 2 days since the Singapore summit between President Trump and Chairman Kim concluded. America re-mains troubled by the lack of detail in the joint statement signed by both par-ties, as well as some of the remarkable concessions made by President Trump, especially the freeze of joint military exercises with South Korea. In the wake of this first meeting, it has become clearer and clearer that Chairman Kim secured far more con-cessions than President Trump. Yet, despite all the evidence, President Trump is acting like he just secured world peace. The President is con-ducting an alternative reality Presi-dency, and the recent summit with North Korea reveals it better than ever. President Trump says we are no longer on the brink of war with North Korea, after President Trump himself was the one who brought us there in the first place, through bellicose rhet-oric and brinkmanship on Twitter. Now the President takes a victory lap for undoing a problem he created in the first place. He pats himself on the back, saying that we are now at peace. We were on the brink of war. He forgets that he brought us there. What kind of Presidency is this? Again President Trump tweeted yes-terday: ‘‘There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea.’’ Saying it, Mr. President Trump, does not make it so—once again, an alternative reality Presidency. Despite what the President says, Chairman Kim has not agreed to dis-mantle North Korea’s nuclear infra-structure. He has not agreed to stop en-riching plutonium and uranium. He has not agreed to any sort of inspections regime. When Chairman Kim went home to North Korea, he did not even mention his vague commitment to completely denuclearize. To say there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea after one meeting, after signing one sheet of paper, is living in an alternative reality, and that is where it seems President Trump lives these days, more than ever before. Finally, in place of serious, arduous negotiations, President Trump pre-ferred signing ceremonies and procla-mations. It is a pattern in his Presi-dency: flash over substance, sign docu-ments in front of cameras, but skip out on the hard work behind the scenes. The idea is to make it look as if the President is getting stuff done, but not actually doing the hard work and get-ting it done. We can’t have a President who is interested only in playing the role of President. He has to do the job of President. On a matter as serious as negotia-tions with North Korea, there is no substitute for the hard work of real di-plomacy. Only in President Trump’s al-ternative reality Presidency do photo ops and handshakes suffice, especially when North Korea still presents such a great danger to us. If tomorrow morn-ing Kim Jong Un did a 180-degree rever-sal, after having gotten what he wants—the handshake, the summit, the reduction of sanctions—we would be in real danger, and President Trump acts like it is all over—an alternative reality Presidency. But when it comes to something as serious and dangerous as North Korea, it is not a joke; it is serious stuff. The hard details, the concrete con-cessions, the diplomatic gains for the United States, and safety from a still dangerous North Korea simply have to wait in President Trump’s world, and it doesn’t even seem to matter if they never happen. We hope sincerely that those hard de-tails do come. We hope sincerely that the Singapore summit was only the first step, rather than the final result, because we all wish to see a diplomatic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.001 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3931 June 14, 2018 
resolution to the conflict on the Ko-rean Peninsula. Ninety-nine percent of all Americans don’t just want a photo op. We are glad that President Trump is actually trying, at least, to channel diplomacy, but he needs to stop behav-ing like all the hard work is behind him and open his eyes to the reality that bringing an end to a nuclear North Korea is not as easy, as simple, or as quick as a few days of photo ops. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IG REPORT  
Now, Mr. President, on another sub-ject, this afternoon we expect to re-ceive the report of the Department of Justice’s inspector general, who has been reviewing the conduct of the De-partment of Justice and the FBI in the runup to the 2016 election. Although we have not yet seen the inspector general’s report, there is no reason—no reason—to believe that it will provide any basis to call the spe-cial counsel’s work into question. The IG report concerns an entirely separate investigation from the Russia probe that Special Counsel Mueller is conducting. The IG report concerns issues that started long before Special Counsel Mueller was even appointed and concluded before he began his in-vestigation. Furthermore, the one thing we do know about what happened in late 2016 is that certain actions taken by the FBI, intentionally or not, helped the Trump campaign and hurt the Clinton campaign. The release that Candidate Clinton was under investigation and the release of comments on what she had or had not done hurt her. It will take an awful lot of spin, an awful lot of stretching for Republicans to twist that around and portray the President as some kind of victim. Regrettably, people like Chairman N
UNES , like FOX News, and like some of the Republican supporters of the President in Congress—and even like the President himself—have been run-ning a cynical campaign to undermine the Russia investigation. It seems that the only limits to the wild conspiracies they have cooked up are their imagina-tions. This hurts America. We have heard new reports that Russia is look-ing to meddle in our 2018 elections. If foreign powers can meddle in our elec-tions with impunity, this democracy is in trouble—in trouble—both with what the foreign powers may do and in the lack of faith in democracy it instills in people here in America and around the world. Our Republican colleagues who use this and our President who uses this as a political whipping boy are hurting our democracy. So almost regardless of what the IG report says, we can probably expect the President, Mr. N
UNES , some of the FOX News commentators, and others to in-vent new conspiracy theories and new calls for more special counsels to in-vestigate the investigators. Americans of all stripes are beginning to see these theories for what they are—distortions meant to undermine or distract from Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation into the very serious efforts of Russia to influence the outcome of our elec-tions. Well-meaning Members of both parties—both parties—should call them out for what they are. We are waiting to hear from some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle on this. There have been too few voices on something so significant. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, on another matter— and this one of some bipartisanship, I am happy to say—the Senate continues to process the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act in a bipar-tisan way to give our military the sup-port and certainty it needs and to make crucial updates to our national security policy. One strong bipartisan action in this bill is dealing with the Chinese telecom giant ZTE. Let me remind this body that ZTE has violated U.S. sanctions and lied about it, but, even more im-portantly, its technology has been deemed a national security threat—a national security threat—to these great United States by the FBI, the Pentagon, and the FCC—all appointed by Republicans. President Trump was flatout wrong when he decided to go easy on ZTE and allow it to start selling its technology in the United States. If you believe some reports, he did it, once again, on a whim—a phone call from President Xi, our enemy on economic matters, who is robbing American jobs and stealing our technology, and who calls him up and says: Let’s undo this. Presi-dent Trump, seemingly without prepa-ration, without briefings by the mili-tary or intelligence agencies or our law enforcement agencies, just does it, hurting America. The good news is bipartisan efforts in this body and in the House to undo what the President did and reimpose the penalties on ZTE that they de-serve. President Trump was flatout wrong when he decided to go easy on ZTE and allow it to start selling its technology in the U.S. again. That puts America at severe risk—the risk of a China- backed company spying on Americans’ private information, spying on busi-nesses, spying on our military. ZTE is allowed to come in here? Every American should be worried when they talk on their iPhone that China is spying on them. Every Amer-ican business should be worried that China is spying on their businesses and their intellectual property, and, most of all, our military leaders should be worried that China is purloining se-crets that help to keep us safe. That is why we have included a bi-partisan amendment. I want to salute Senators C
OTTON and V ANHOLLEN for leading the charge. I want to salute folks like Senator R
UBIO, who has been so strong on this issue, putting country first. I want to salute the many on our side who have agreed with that. It is the right thing to do—to not allow ZTE to be here, for both national security interests as well as the economic im-portance of being tough on China. Yesterday it was reported, of course, that the White House will oppose the amendment and may seek to strip it out of the bill. We hope cooler heads in the administration, including Sec-retary Mattis, Chief of Staff Kelly, and others who have had a military back-ground, can inform the President how ill-advised his actions are. Both parties in Congress must be res-olute in blocking the President’s bad, pro-China ZTE deal. Protecting Amer-ica’s national and economic security is paramount and any deal that jeopard-izes them should be stopped in its tracks. Senator CORKER made a point this week. He is freed of political con-straints and can say what he thinks. He made a point—passionately—that this body does not have to assent to every whim of the President. It is not easy when you are of the same party as the President. I know that. But as ev-eryone in this Chamber knows, on some major issues I opposed President Obama because I thought he was wrong, and I know how difficult it is. I know how difficult it is, but sometimes duty and country and patriotism re-quire it. On a matter as vital as this one, having to do with America’s na-tional and economic security, we can-not back off. I urge my colleagues, par-ticularly my friends Senators C
OTTON  and R
UBIO and C ORNYN , who have been so strong and right on this issue, to hang tough, especially when we get to conference. I want to thank our Acting Chair of the Armed Services Committee for un-derstanding the security risks and for working in a bipartisan way. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ABE SCHUMER  
Finally, Mr. President, if my col-leagues will indulge me a few more words, they are personal, but they are meaningful. Today is Flag Day. It is also my fa-ther’s 95th birthday. This upcoming weekend we will celebrate Father’s Day. My father was a World War II vet over in Burma, and when he came back to Brooklyn after the war, he took over a small exterminating business from his father, my grandpa. I often joke that we are the only family who associ-ates the smell of DDT with love, be-cause my dad would come home from the office smelling of all of those chemicals. My father hated his job. He paced the floor Sunday nights at 2 a.m., unable to sleep, dreading going to work on Monday. But there was great honor in what he did. He never complained. He was supporting the family, even if it was in a job he was stuck with after getting back from World War II. He la-bored for many years in a job that wasn’t his passion and passed on his idea of serving without complaining to give his children, grandchildren, and, God willing, in November, his soon-to- be first great-grandchild—my daughter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.005 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3932 June 14, 2018 
is pregnant—the idea that we could fol-low our dreams, standing on his strong and weary shoulders. Mine led me here. I will never stop being grateful to my dad for that. So allow me to wish my father a happy birthday today and to say that I look forward to seeing him and my mom Selma, who turned 90 just on D- Day, as well as my wife and two daugh-ters this weekend for Father’s Day, and I wish all Americans the same joy in celebrating Father’s Day this weekend. I yield the floor. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 5515, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Inhofe/McCain modified amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Toomey) amendment No. 2700 (to amendment No. 2282), to require con-gressional review of certain regulations issued by the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States. Reed/Warren amendment No. 2756 (to amendment No. 2700), to require the author-ization of appropriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons. Lee amendment No. 2366 (to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States. Reed amendment No. 2842 (to amendment No. 2366), to require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first, let me make sure we get into the R
ECORD  as accurately as I am saying right now, to Abe Schumer, that his little boy’s most predictable adversary wishes him today a happy birthday. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you. I thank the Senator. Mr. INHOFE. That was very touch-ing. Thank you very much, I say to my friend, Senator S
CHUMER . Mr. President, I want to start today by giving an update as to where we are in the process for the NDAA. At 10:30 a.m., which is coming up shortly, we are going to have a cloture vote on T
OOMEY ’s amendment that ap-plies the REINS Act to the CFIUS rule-making process. We all know what that is. We all know there is opposition. If that vote fails, we will immediately roll into a cloture vote on the sub-stitute amendment. That is our amend-ment, which we will be considering as the bill. Then, we hope to invoke clo-ture on the underlying bill this after-noon before we head out of town. If we are able to do that, we will have the final passage vote on Monday when we return. We are also working diligently as we speak to clear an additional managers’ package. One of the things we were talking about, and I have been some-what critical of some of my fellow Members, is the fact that we have been operating under rules—and we have gone through this in years past; it is almost predictable that one individual will try to use this bill as a must-pass bill. Everyone knows it is going to pass; it has passed for the last 57 years. So, logically, it is where you put an amendment that is very difficult to pass. I don’t blame them for that. I would do the same thing. Nonetheless, I wouldn’t do it if it caused all other amendments to not be considered. I am hoping we will be able to have a managers’ package. I have reason to believe and I am optimistic about that, and it would be a great thing to have. I don’t know how many of these amendments would ultimately be in the managers’ package, but we are talking about a lot of amendments, and we have already cleared many amend-ments. Anyone who criticizes the process that we are going through right now may not be aware of how many amend-ments we have considered in our work on this in committee. We are talking about some 300 amendments, and since that time, countless amendments have been agreed to on both sides. That is where we are today. It will be a great victory for all of us in this Chamber if we can get the man-agers’ amendments agreed to, and hopefully that will be true. I can’t neglect that today is the Army’s 243rd birthday. I actually at-tended a birthday party for the U.S. Army quite a while before a lot of you were even born, when I was in Fort Lee, VA, in the U.S. Army. We would have been celebrating the 180th birth-day at that time. Back when we were celebrating the 180th birthday, I never dreamed I would be around to celebrate the 243rd birthday of the U.S. Army. The Army is actually older than this country is. In 1775, brave Americans joined the cause to fight for the life and liberty we hold so dear now. It is the same motivation that still inspires the service of the men and women who join the Army and, indeed, all of the service branches today. It is for those men and women that we are here today. That is what this is all about—the NDAA that we are con-sidering today. It has provisions for in-dividuals; it has specific provisions for the men and women on the ground in harm’s way, including the largest pay raise in 10 years. It means more oppor-tunities for qualified servicemembers to receive promotions throughout their careers. I think it is a recognition that in the time in which this is taking place, there is a new emphasis on de-fending America. I don’t say this critically, but the last administration had a policy which said that we can’t put any more money in sequestration for the military unless we do the same for nondefense spend-ing. A lot of people agreed with that. I don’t agree with that. We are now at the point where we have broken parity, so I say to individ-uals who are making career decisions: Help is on its way; this is a good time to do it. Part of that is because of the modernization of the personnel system in this legislation. It also authorizes $40 million for sup-plemental impact aid support. With an expansion of some military activities, individuals who are involved are ex-empt from the taxes that support our schools. That is a problem we have. Every State has a problem, but it is probably more severe in Oklahoma than elsewhere. I would like to let indi-viduals in my State of Oklahoma, at five different installations, know that help is on its way, and we are going to try to do a better job with the supple-mental impact aid than we have done in the past. This bill increases funding for the personnel, improving the quality of life for the forces and their families. Most importantly, it increases end strength. It is not as much as I would like to see, but it does grow the force, so service-members can have sufficient time to be with their families and train before re-deploying. That is what we are doing right now. It is going to take a lot of additional funding. We are authorizing that fund-ing, and we are going to be rebuilding. I have to remind people in the out-side world who are not here in Wash-ington that we do have a problem. The assumption that America has the best of everything at one time was true, but it is not true. I always document that because it is a pretty strong statement. Right now, if we look at our artillery in terms of rapid fire and range, both Russia and China have better range and rapid fire than we have in the United States. We know we have done nothing with our nuclear arsenal for the last 10 years. At the same time, our triad system has been static, and Rus-sia and China have improved theirs. They are ahead of us in that area. There is a new type of defense system that actually has a defense mechanism that goes five times the speed of sound. It is still in the experimental stage, but both China and Russia are ahead of us. The bill we are considering now, ironically on the birthday of the U.S. Army, is going to correct that. It is going to take a little while, but it is ul-timately going to correct that. We have 20 or more minutes before we cast the two very significant votes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.006 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3933 June 14, 2018 
that I just mentioned. This is every-one’s opportunity to be heard. I am hoping, and I really believe, that indi-viduals who have been somewhat of an obstacle in the past are cooperating at a new level, and I am very excited about that. I hope we will be able to stay on the schedule I just articulated a few minutes ago. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, we have two votes coming up. The first vote is the one I strongly support. With this amendment, Senator T
OOMEY is looking to do something that has been very successful; that is, to give a little more opportunity for us to oversee some of the overregulations that are out there. I was very pleased to have the first CRA that was mine, which I authored, to be enacted into law. We have now had 16 CRAs, Congressional Review Act. It is interesting because we went 20 years without having any of them that were taken, and now we have been successful in doing that. It is a strong-er position for those of us in the Senate to be able to get some things done. We can safeguard the importance of de-regulation, especially for the future, by passing this amendment today. Senator T
OOMEY ’s amendment will give congressional oversight over the CFIUS rulemaking process, which I think everyone in here knows needs to be done and will be done. It will not slow down the implementation process and still grants CFIUS the necessary flexibility to enact in the name of na-tional security. After that, we are going to have the vote that is going to allow us to move to a package, and I am hoping we will be able to do it because there has been a lot of talk about not being able to get an open amendment process. We have not had one, and that is unfortunate. If we can get this package of amendments put together—there are going to be quite a few of them—all of them will be cleared on both sides. It is going to be one that people are going to be very anxious to get done. It is going to give voice to many of the Members, prob-ably some 40 Members who otherwise would not have the opportunity to have their amendment agreed to or at least heard. I think we will have that opportunity. It is very important we do it now. Hopefully, that package of amendments is going to be one that will be favorably approved. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 1 minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 2700 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I appreciate this broad support we have seen for plugging the holes in our abil-ity to evaluate foreign investment with regard to national security risks in the United States. We know China, for ex-ample, has been quite explicit about what it is trying to do to surpass the United States economically and mili-tarily, and it has been very aggressive and very strategic in the way it has tried to acquire intellectual property and know-how through foreign invest-ment in the United States. That is why this legislation is so important. I admire the Senator from Pennsyl-vania as one of the most principled conservatives in this body and in Con-gress, but he and I differ over whether the REINS Act, which would require up-or-down votes on implementing reg-ulations, should be a part of the imple-mentation of this national security legislation. I never dreamed we would do that in a national security context as opposed to doing it in economic and environmental legislation. Reluc-tantly, I oppose the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania and en-courage all of our colleagues to do the same. I conclude by saying, I share his con-cerns when it comes to using national security as a pretext on economic leg-islation and trade issues, and I look forward to continuing to work with him and all of my other colleagues out-side of the national security context to make sure we support free and fair trade—trade that protects U.S. inter-ests. With the overstepping of the regu-latory bounds by the executive branch on occasion, I am all for rolling that back when we can but not in a national security context like this. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address the body for 1 minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I make the case that this amendment we are about to vote on is the simple ques-tion of whether we think we ought to be accountable, that we ought to take responsibility for the legislative au-thority we delegate. Rulemaking is a legislative function. In this bill—the CFIUS reform bill that is in the NDAA—and on many other oc-casions, we delegate a portion of that authority—we delegate the rule-making—to the executive branch, which is fine. Yet we have a responsi-bility to make sure it gets it right, this administration and future administra-tions. This amendment has a mechanism that requires a simple up-or-down vote—it can’t be filibustered; it can’t be delayed; it is a simple majority vote—to affirm that the rulemaking will actually achieve the legislative at-tempt. A ‘‘no’’ vote is really a vote to shirk our own responsibility, our con-stitutional responsibility, since all leg-islative authority is vested in the Con-gress of the United States. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2700 to amendment No. 2282, as modified, to H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Pat Toomey, Ted Cruz, Cindy Hyde- Smith, James Lankford, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Marco Rubio, Mitch McConnell, Ben Sasse, James M. Inhofe, James E. Risch, John Barrasso, Cory Gardner, John Thune, Steve Daines, Ron Johnson. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 2700, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , for the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. T
OOMEY , to amendment No. 2282, as modified, to H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.008 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3934 June 14, 2018 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 35, nays 62, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 123 Leg.] YEAS—35 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Capito Cassidy Corker Crapo Cruz Enzi Ernst Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Rounds Sasse Scott Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—62 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Fischer Gillibrand Graham Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Risch Roberts Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth McCain Portman 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 35, the nays are 62. The motion is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2282, as modified, to H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, Roger F. Wicker, Ted Cruz, Cindy Hyde-Smith, James Lankford, Marco Rubio, James M. Inhofe, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, John Bar-rasso, Cory Gardner, John Thune. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 2282, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE , to H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. CRAPO ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 83, nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 124 Leg.] YEAS—83 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—14 
Cardin Corker Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Johnson Lee Markey Merkley Paul Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Crapo Duckworth McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 83, the nays are 14. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I make a point of order that amendment No. 2366 is not germane. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of order is well taken. The amendment falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2700 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I make a point of order that amendment No. 2700 is not germane. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of order is well taken. The amendment falls. AMENDMENT NO . 2276 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2282, AS 
MODIFIED  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2276 on behalf of Sen-ator B
OOZMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ], for Mr. B
OOZMAN , proposes an amendment numbered 2276 to amendment No. 2282, as modified. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require a report on the perma-nent stationing of the United States forces in the Republic of Poland) Strike section 1254 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1254. REPORT ON PERMANENT STATIONING OF UNITED STATES FORCES IN THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing United States forces in the Republic of Poland. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the types of perma-nently stationed United States forces in Po-land required to deter aggression by the Rus-sian Federation and execute Department of Defense contingency plans, including combat enabler units in capability areas such as— (A) combat engineering; (B) logistics and sustainment; (C) warfighting headquarters elements; (D) long-range fires; (E) air and missile defense; (F) intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance; and (G) electronic warfare. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland that includes the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment whether a permanently stationed United States Army brigade com-bat team in Poland would enhance deter-rence against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. (B) An assessment of the actions the Rus-sian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently sta-tion a brigade combat team in Poland. (C) An assessment of the international po-litical considerations of permanently sta-tioning such a brigade combat team in Po-land, including within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). (D) An assessment whether a such a bri-gade combat team in Poland would support implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (E) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of Defense contingency plans in Europe. (F) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to respond to a crisis inside the territory of a North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization ally that occurs prior to the invo-cation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.001 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3935 June 14, 2018 
(G) An identification and assessment of— (i) potential locations in Poland for sta-tioning such a brigade combat team; (ii) the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Po-land; (iii) infrastructure investments by the United States and Poland, including new construction or upgrades of existing sites, that would be required to support such a bri-gade combat team in Poland; (iv) any new agreements, or changes to ex-isting agreements, between the United States and Poland that would be required for a such a brigade combat team in Poland; (v) any changes to the posture or capabili-ties of the Joint Force in Europe that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; and (vi) the timeline required to achieve the permanent stationing of such a brigade com-bat team in Poland. (H) An assessment of the willingness and ability of the Government of Poland to pro-vide host nation support for such a brigade combat team. (I) An assessment whether future growth in United States Army end strength may be used to source additional forces for such a brigade combat team in Poland. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2885 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2276 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2885 to amendment No. 2276. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED] proposes an amendment numbered 2885 to amendment No. 2276. 
Mr. REED. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the amendment) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 1254A. INEFFECTIVENESS OF SECTION 937. 
Section 937, relating to a Strategic Defense Fellows Program for the Department of De-fense, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 1254B. JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC DE-FENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Department of Defense a civilian fellowship program designed to provide lead-ership development and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘John S. McCain Stra-tegic Defense Fellows Program’’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the individual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for participation in the fellows pro-gram; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an ac-credited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the accept-ance of the individual into the fellows pro-gram; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program. (c) APPLICATION .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each indi-vidual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each application of an indi-vidual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achieve-ment at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful perma-nent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant explaining career areas of interest and moti-vations for service in the Department. (H) Such other information as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary shall select participants in the fellows pro-gram from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for par-ticipation in the fellows program based on character, commitment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular ac-tivities, and such other qualifications for participation in the fellows program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) N
UMBER .—The number of individuals se-lected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as follows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic region of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi- vidual selected to participate in the fellows program may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a background investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be as-signed under the fellows program and other-wise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sensitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (e) A
SSIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each individual who par-ticipates in the fellows program shall be as-signed to a position in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense. (2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Under Secretary of Defense and each Director of a Defense Agency who reports directly to the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary each year the qualifications and skills to be dem-onstrated by participants in the fellows pro-gram to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the of-fice of such Under Secretary or Director. (3) A
SSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Sec- retary shall each year assign participants in the fellows program to positions in the of-fices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary shall seek to best match the qualifications and skills of par-ticipants in the fellows program with the re-quirements of positions available for assign-ment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Under Sec-retary or Director to whom assigned. (4) TERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (5) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—An individual as-signed to a position under the fellows pro-gram shall be compensated at the rate of compensation for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for pur-poses of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employ-ees of the United States. (6) E
DUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the extent that funds are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first-come, first-served basis. (f) C
AREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that participants in the fellows pro-gram— (A) receive opportunities and support ap-propriate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Department, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate per-sonnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the Department upon successful completion of the fellows program. (2) R
ESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall re-serve for participants who successfully com-plete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that are suitable for the com-mencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the Department. Any posi-tion so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in headquarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) N
ONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Sec-retary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint the participant to a position reserved pursuant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary determines that such ap-pointment will contribute to the develop-ment of highly qualified future senior lead-ers for the Department. (4) P
UBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to par-ticipate in the fellows program. (g) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall under-take appropriate outreach to inform poten-tial participants in the fellows program of the nature and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary may pre-scribe for purposes of this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, $10,000,000 may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.003 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3936 June 14, 2018 
be available to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2273 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I call up the Rounds amendment No. 2273 to the underlying bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ], for Mr. R
OUNDS , proposes an amendment numbered 2273 to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2282, as modi-fied. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require a report on participa-tion in the Transition Assistance Program) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON PARTICIPATION IN THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 28, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on participation in the Transition Assistance Program under sec-tion 1144 of title 10, United States Code, by members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Information on the participation of members of the Armed Forces in the Transi-tion Assistance Program during 2018, includ-ing the following: (A) The number of members who were eli-gible for participation in the Program during 2018, in aggregate and by component of the Armed Forces. (B) The number of members who partici-pated in the Program during 2018, in aggre-gate and by component of the Armed Forces, for each service as follows: (i) Preseparation counseling provided by the Department of Defense. (ii) Briefings provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (iii) Employment workshops provided by the Department of Labor. (C) The number of members who did not participate in the Program during 2018 due to a waiver of the participation requirement under section 114(c)(2) of title 10, United Stats Code, for each service set forth in sub-paragraph (B). (2) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, considers appropriate to increase participa-tion of members of the Armed Forces in each service set forth in paragraph (1)(B). (3) Assessments of the Transition Assist-ance Program by members of the Armed Forces who participated in the Program dur-ing 2018, including the following: (A) A summary of the data obtained by the Department of Defense through assessments of the Program by participants in the Pro-gram during 2018, including data obtained through the assessments as follows: (i) The Transition Goals Plans Success (GPS) Participant Assessment. (ii) Status of Forces Surveys (SOFS). (B) A summary of the conclusions derived by the Secretary of Defense from the data described in subparagraph (A). (4) Such recommendations for improve-ments to the Transition Assistance Program as the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate in light of the data described by para-graph (3)(A) and the conclusions described by paragraph (3)(B), including recommendations for such legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out such improvements. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
TRUMP -KIM SUMMIT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am glad we are making such great progress on the Defense authorization bill. I know some additional work needs to be done. I wanted to come to the floor and comment briefly on the historic meet-ing that occurred this last week with North Korean officials in Singapore. President Trump, Secretary of State Pompeo, National Security Advisor Bolton, and the rest of the American delegation are to be congratulated for having this meeting. It was a historic first step, and I applaud President Trump for taking it. But I reiterate: It was a first step. To me, it reminds me of boxers enter-ing the ring and touching gloves before the fight begins. It is a warmup for something longer and much more dif-ficult. We need to remain clear-eyed about who we are dealing with and not assume that there isn’t hard work to be done. As one commentator recently put it, North Korean duplicity is normal. We need to remind ourselves of our own history of negotiating with North Korea and our counterpart’s record of saying one thing and simply doing an-other. The joint agreement signed by Presi-dent Trump and Kim Jong Un set broad goals whereby the United States made unspecified ‘‘security guarantees’’ and Kim Jong Un recommitted to work to-ward the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. This agreement set the stage for future engagements between our Secretary of State and his North Korean counterpart. By saying it is a first step—or, like two boxers, touching gloves before the fight begins—I don’t want to suggest in any way that this was unimportant. I think it is dramatically important be-cause I can’t think of any other place in the world where a misstep or a mis-calculation could lead to so much bloodshed, heartache, and conflict. While we know that the military op-tion must always be the last option, di-plomacy is always welcome and is fa-cilitated by a strong military and pre-paredness. But now the followup nego-tiations will be led by Secretary Pompeo, and I have every confidence that he will ably lead those. He has said that the United States hopes to achieve ‘‘major disarmament’’ of North Korea’s nuclear arsenal dur-ing the next 2
1⁄2years but added em-phatically that we will resume joint military exercises with South Korea if the talks stall. I think this represents the right ap-proach. Aim for the best, while remain-ing vigilant and preparing for all pos-sible obstacles and outcomes. President Trump has said that sanc-tions against North Korea will remain in effect until we are sure that nuclear weapons are no longer a factor. I ap-plaud this stance of maximum pres-sure. We shouldn’t take our foot off the gas at this point because that is what brought us to this historic meeting in the first place. I believe the United States should re-main committed to the permanent, verifiable, and irreversible dismantling of North Korea’s weapons of mass de-struction, and I wish Secretary Pompeo luck as he continues followup discussions in South Korea to help ac-complish the goal that we seek. As Speaker RYAN said last week, President Trump has now ‘‘disrupted the status quo.’’ I like the way he ex-pressed that. President Trump—if nothing—is good at disrupting the sta-tus quo, but here, when it comes to North Korea, it is enormously positive when the status quo includes a brutal dictatorship that commits flagrant human rights violations, has a state- controlled economy, is starving its own people in order to build nuclear weap-ons, and has shown contempt for inter-national norms and global diplomacy. I would say that the careful and cau-tious kind of ‘‘disruption’’ is exactly the right thing to do. Our colleagues across the aisle seem to agree, and I am grateful for that. Not everything needs to be a partisan issue here in Washington, DC. In a statement, the junior Senator from Vermont called the summit earlier this week ‘‘a positive step in de-escalating tensions.’’ I saw that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper made similar positive remarks. We will have to wait and see how this story unfolds, but the President is to be com-mended, first for ensuring that the summit took place at all and, then, for providing us with hope for a path for-ward. 
FARM BILL  
Mr. President, another item of busi-ness today is the farm bill, which I hope we will take up promptly here in the Senate. Fortunately, it passed the Senate Agriculture Committee yester-day by a vote of 20-to-1. Thanks to Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Mem-ber S
TABENOW , this bipartisan com-promise is a fair and equitable bill that does not favor one region of the coun-try over another. I have found in my time in the Senate that agricultural issues and the farm bill don’t pit Democrats against Republicans so much as it pits one region of the coun-try against another, which makes it even more challenging—kind of like a Rubik’s Cube to figure out. But the near unanimous vote is a testament to the collaboration and bipartisanship of the leaders of the committee. They de-serve the respect and appreciation of us all, especially those of us who hail from States where agriculture has such a dominant presence, like my State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.004 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3937 June 14, 2018 
and like the State of the Presiding Of-ficer. The farm bill is always a significant piece of legislation because it helps to ensure that Americans, and many other people who depend upon our food supply, enjoy access to the safest, most affordable, and most reliable food sup-ply in the world. We have to remember that in many non-Western countries, you can’t just walk up to a store and know that what you want will be there on the shelf or that it will be affordable or that it will be safe to even eat. The farm bill helps to ensure that we con-tinue to enjoy each of those things, knowing that we can walk into a store, that we will find what we want, that it will be affordable, and that it will be safe to eat. This year’s farm bill will be hugely impactful for farmers and ranchers in my State of Texas. Among its most noteworthy provisions are protecting seed cotton eligibility for the farm bill safety net. In the supplemental funding bill we passed last February, we worked hard to include this language, returning cotton to the safety net. This helped cotton growers compete on a level playing field after years of de-pressed prices. So I want to thank Chairman R
OB-
ERTS and Ranking Member S TABENOW , as well as the rest of the committee, for ensuring that this policy continues and that cotton farmers have the long- term predictability they deserve under the farm bill. This year’s bill also retains and strengthens the Price Loss Coverage Program to help provide Texas pro-ducers with predictability throughout unstable weather and natural disasters. That comes as great news this year, es-pecially, when we are all well aware that much of the Texas Panhandle, as well as much of the rest of my State, remains under severe, or even excep-tional, drought conditions. Additionally, the bill promotes ani-mal health and reauthorizes disease re-search programs, including a crucial one that will help the U.S. Department of Agriculture research and contain the spread of cattle fever tick. This is a parasite-carrying insect with the po-tential to wipe out cattle herds and cause devastating financial losses. The research programs that we are promoting will help farmers and ranch-ers all across the country. I know the senior Senator from Minnesota, for ex-ample, has been concerned about avian influenza in her State, and I am glad that we were able to work together to ensure that these important research programs, with all of their implica-tions, are authorized in the bill. On top of that, the farm bill will strengthen crop insurance and other crop management tools and enhance incentive programs that help the agri-culture community conserve soil and water. Finally, the bill encourages the U.S. Department of Agriculture research partnerships, including those at Texas A&M, Texas Tech, and Prairie View A&M, to promote more productive and profitable farming, and it will assist Texas farmers and ranchers in placing and selling their products in foreign markets. I know Senator MCCONNELL intends to take the farm bill up on the floor as soon as possible, and I look forward to supporting its swift passage. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The Senator from Con-necticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 2304. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, this amendment very simply di-rects the Postmaster General to issue a Forever Stamp to honor Gold Star fam-ilies who have lost a family member in combat. It is about as simple and straightforward as an amendment to this immensely complex and costly measure could be. We are now in the second decade of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan at humongous costs to our Nation: In treasure, some $5 trillion, and in lives, close to 7,000 Americans have perished. On this Flag Day, and at the begin-ning of the Father’s Day weekend, I ask that this body approve an amend-ment that very simply would issue and direct the Postmaster to issue a For-ever Stamp commemorating the sac-rifice and loss of our Gold Star fami-lies. All of us in this body have attended funerals. We have seen firsthand the losses suffered by brave Americans, their families, their loved ones, their friends, their dads, and their moms. All of us ought to be joining in paying trib-ute to those families by directing the Postmaster General to issue a Forever Stamp, which will be valid for what-ever time it is used. There is precedent for this kind of stamp. In fact, I was reminded of it by a friend and constituent, Joe Kaliko of Greenwich, CT, who was inspired by his childhood stamp collection to suggest a stamp for Gold Star families, perma-nently recognizing and commemo-rating these national heroes. The stamp was issued in 1947 for Gold Star mothers. It expired about a year there-after. Since then, this Nation has never issued such a stamp again, but there is no better time than now to recognize this service and sacrifice. This amendment is a very simple way to pay tribute to Americans who have lost loved ones in wars that we have permitted and authorized to go for-ward. Indeed, this defense bill has more than $700 billion, and a good part of it will be in support of continued Amer-ican service and sacrifice in Iraq and Afghanistan. So my question to colleagues is: Who knows better about whether this stamp ought to be issued, the Postmaster General or ourselves? Their objection is that somehow there is bad precedent here in Congress authorizing a Forever Stamp. We ought to be proud of that precedent because this cause is dif-ferent. Especially as we pass a measure that will support continued war efforts in defense of our Nation, protecting our national security, we ought to be espe-cially mindful of the need to remember and pay tribute to families who have sacrificed loved ones in the service of our country. I know that every one of my col-leagues joins me in this feeling. I hope that every one of my colleagues will join me in making that feeling known to the Postmaster General. This amendment is one way of doing it. To all of us whose sons or daughters have served—as two of mine have—dur-ing this period of war, we must be haunted by the idea that we could be one of those Gold Star families. No doubt, some of my colleagues have been touched directly and imme-diately—I would say almost all of us— by friends, neighbors, or relatives who have suffered these losses. Let us re-member them in this special way, as the Nation did after World War II. Let us remember the moms and the dads on Father’s Day, on Flag Day, and on every day. I want to speak more generally about the National Defense Authorization Act because it is a vital and profoundly significant step toward sustaining our national defense and security. In an era of unprecedented threats to our great Nation, the dangers have never been greater. The need for this defense—particularly in areas and do-mains where we are at a disadvantage, like cyber—is critically important. The United States is the strongest and greatest Nation in the history of the world. Militarily, we have no peer. But other nations are rapidly advanc-ing in many of the spaces and domains where our advantage was secure. In un-dersea warfare, in space and cyber and robotic combat, we must invest. We need to invest not only in the hardware but also in the people—in the men and women who fight, who put their lives on the line, who wear the uniform and, equally, in the men and women who make the arms and equip-ment and weapons platforms they take into combat. They should never have a fair fight. The defense industrial base requires skill and training so they can make the submarines, helicopters, and Joint Strike Fighters, which we do in Connecticut and in States around this country. The men and women who make that stuff are equally important to our na-tional defense, and their skill training and jobs are vital to our national secu-rity. I think we need to recognize that education and training are vital parts of our defense, even though they may not be included in this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.019 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3938 June 14, 2018 
I was proud to author a provision which will ensure that survivors of military sexual trauma, assault, and harassment are eligible for ‘‘liberal consideration’’ during discharge up-grade petition. Throughout my service in the Sen-ate, I have worked to improve dis-charge upgrade provisions to ensure that servicemember petitions are treated fairly and expeditiously. This policy change was a crucial next step in reforming that discharge petition upgrade process. Another provision I have led will re-quire a zero tolerance policy toward domestic violence in the military, a long overdue provision which will en-sure that offenders in the armed serv-ices are held accountable and referred to the FBI. In defending our Nation against Rus-sian cyber attacks, a provision in this year’s NDAA will authorize USCYBERCOM to detect, deter, and de-fend against Russian information and weapons cyber warfare campaigns that target American Government officials. We should be doing vastly more against cyber attacks from Russia and other adversaries around the world, rather than coddling or cozying up to them, as this administration seems to want to do repeatedly. We should be recog-nizing they are attacking us, literally, daily in the cyber domain. This legislation will invest in that defense industrial base, which is so vital in Connecticut and elsewhere. I am proud that Connecticut plays such a vital role in our defense industry. Five percent of our country’s defense contract spending is done in Con-necticut, and every dollar is critical to our national security, involving the production of submarines, electric boats, and F–35 engines at Pratt & Whitney, and helicopters at Sikorsky, notably the heavy lift CH–53. Sub-marines, fighters, and helicopters are proudly produced in this arsenal of de-mocracy. Groton, CT, is the submarine capital of the world. This bill will support sub-marines and this important naval in-stallation. The NDAA includes nearly $3.8 billion for the Columbia-class pro-gram and $4.4 billion for two Virginia- class submarines. I fought to include an additional $250 million in funding above the President’s request for over $3 billion in advance procurement of attack submarines to achieve the Navy’s goals of 66 attack submarines for the 355-ship Navy the Nation needs. These submarines are not a luxury or convenience. They are the stealthiest, most versatile, strongest weapons plat-form we have, capable of delivering surveillance and special operators and cruise missiles and other vital means of war. I have also championed more than $10.4 billion in funding for 75 F–35 Joint Strike Fighters across the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps Services for the only fifth-generation fighter in pro-duction. I am so glad the administra-tion is now supporting the F–35, after the President expressed doubts at the beginning of this administration. The bill also includes $1 billion for F–35 modernization and spares. The 2019 NDAA includes very robust funding for helicopter production. Si-korsky helicopters, made in Stratford, CT, have served our Nation for decades. It will support collaboration involving the University of Connecticut and the Navy, $25 million above the President’s request in research and development funding for warship partnerships. As we consider these floor amend-ments, I want to emphasize one amend-ment that I have filed concerning the current immigration crisis; specifi-cally, the predicament of unaccom-panied minors. In May, Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions declared that the Justice Depart-ment would prosecute every person who illegally enters the country and separate children from their parents. Previously, families apprehended at the border were released as they waited for civil deportation hearings, but this new, cruel policy will tear apart count-less families. It has already separated literally thousands of children of im-migrant families from their moms and, yes, on this Father’s Day, from their dads. These heartless family-separation policies are made even more inhumane with the announcement that the Trump administration plans to house these immigrant children, who have been separated from their parents, on military bases. The only reason the Trump administration is even consid-ering detaining children on military installations is because the number they are tearing away from their moms and dads exceeds the facilities they have available right now. The Depart-ment of Health and Human Services has already visited four military in-stallations—both in Texas and Arkan-sas—to assess whether they can be used to shelter children. Just this week, we also heard that the Trump administration is looking to construct ‘‘tent cities’’—yes, ‘‘tent cit-ies’’—along the southern border to house unaccompanied migrant chil-dren. This practice ought to make us ashamed and embarrassed as Ameri-cans. It is appalling. I am ashamed that the United States is not only ac-tively destroying families and indefi-nitely detaining children but also using military bases to do this. Turning mili-tary installations into detention camps is a disservice to our brave military men and women. Using our military in-stallations to in effect imprison chil-dren separated from their parents mocks their purpose and disrespects our brave men and women in uniform who rightly use them in the defense of our Nation. My amendment in the NDAA would explicitly prohibit the Department of Defense from using any funding au-thorized in this defense spending pack-age to revise or rebuild or renovate military bases to house these undocu-mented, unaccompanied minors. I urge my colleagues to speak out about this disgusting and dangerous policy—not only the separation of chil-dren from their moms and dads but also the use of our cherished military bases for that purpose. I am also proud to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up to the threat posed by two Chinese telecommunications compa-nies—Huawei and ZTE. This bipartisan opposition to their continued business is a testament to our ability to work across the aisle in defense of our Na-tion. Our military and intelligence leaders have repeatedly warned that ZTE and Huawei threaten the security of our networks due to their close ties to the Chinese Government. They have also violated our sanctions, broken our law, and provided equipment and services to rogue regimes, such as Iran and North Korea. President Trump and Commerce Sec-retary Wilbur Ross may be willing to overlook ZTE’s track record, but Con-gress will not do so. Our amendment, which has been included in the man-agers’ package, will prohibit ZTE and Huawei technologies and equipment from entering the networks of the U.S. Government and its contractors for the safety and security of all of us. It is not just an intellectual point; it is a practical security measure. These two companies are instruments of Chi-nese influence, and they are peddling that influence throughout the world. We will ensure through this provision that these two telecommunications companies beholden to the Chinese Government are not a part of our com-munications system in this great Na-tion. I am proud to support this NDAA. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, the Constitution charges Congress with the authority and the responsibility to raise and support armies and provide and maintain a navy. It is a responsi-bility this body takes very seriously. That is why for over 50 years the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act has been signed into law each and every year. It is the only piece of legislation with this long history of consistently being passed by Congress and signed into law by the President. This history is a reflection of the importance of the policies and funding authorizations within the bill. I am particularly proud of what this bill includes to support Michigan’s im-portant contributions to our national defense. For example, the 127th Wing at Selfridge Air National Guard Base flies the A–10 and in 2015 deployed in the fight against ISIS. As a result of their outstanding performance, the 127th Wing won the Spaatz Trophy as the top flying unit in the Air National Guard, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.020 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3939 June 14, 2018 
as well as the Meritorious Unit Award following their deployment. The A–10 is without question a great airplane, but it is also getting old. The A–10 fleet will require wing replace-ments in order to continue to fly those important missions. That is why I worked to include an authorization for an additional $65 million for A–10 wing replacement, bringing the bill’s total investment in new A–10 wings to over $144 million. These funds will help pay for new wings for a full squadron’s worth of A–10 aircraft, which are vital for close air support and combat search and rescue missions. Our troops on the ground know that when they hear the iconic roar of an A–10, help is on the way. A–10 pilots and maintainers are proud of their mission, as they should be. This bill works to ensure that these aircraft will keep flying. The legislation also includes an addi-tional $70 million for the next-genera-tion combat vehicle prototype. The De-troit Arsenal in Warren will be the home of the Army’s cross-functional team for the next-generation combat vehicle, reporting to the Army Futures Command. This important work on developing the future of the Army’s ground vehi-cles will continue to occur in South-east Michigan, taking advantage of many of the automotive manufacturers and suppliers that are shaping the fu-ture of mobility. Just as the commercial automotive industry is developing connected and autonomous vehicles that will change the future of transportation forever, the next-generation combat vehicle and other concepts developed by the Army’s Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineer Center, TARDEC, will change the future of warfare. All self-driving vehicles, whether they are developed for the military or for the auto industry, rely on artificial intelligence and machine learning. Ar-tificial intelligence powers autono-mous systems but can also reform the business practices of the Pentagon. AI can help with personnel management and purchasing practices and find in-sights and efficiencies that are difficult to find unless you can manipulate and analyze the Department’s massive amounts of data. Artificial intelligence will have an enormous impact on our economy, and that is why it is essential that the United States make significant invest-ments in AI development and that we lead the world in developing this capa-bility. We know that our competitors are taking AI very seriously. China has developed a national strategy to de-velop its AI capabilities, and Vladimir Putin has said that whoever leads in AI will rule the world. The United States must lead the way on artificial intel-ligence to best shape the future econ-omy and our country, to strengthen our national security, and to address the moral and ethical questions that arise with any new technology. Without question, the United States needs our own coordinated strategy on AI. That is why I wrote a provision in the bill that designates a senior official for artificial intelligence at the De-partment of Defense and cuts redtape, letting that person utilize all of the flexibilities Congress has provided to the Pentagon. It is also important that we take steps to protect American ingenuity and innovation generally. That is why I also authored a provision in the bill that will allow the Department of De-fense to require that companies and re-searchers receiving defense contracts not share new technologies and capa-bilities developed with any foreign en-tity, and if they do, they will lose the rights to that intellectual property. This will help ensure that investments made by DARPA and the DOD labs are not shared with our competitors. Additionally, this bill also includes reform to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, known as CFIUS. CFIUS works to en-sure that investments in U.S. compa-nies made by foreign investors do not threaten national security by pro-viding other countries with access to the crown jewels of U.S. technology. In closing, Madam President, I wish to point out that this bill is named for Chairman J
OHN MCCAIN. We all know his presence is missed on the Armed Services Committee, as well as throughout the entire Senate. I wish him a speedy recovery. I am keeping him and his family in my prayers. Madam President, I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2276 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to express my support for the amendment the senior Senator from Arkansas has offered to the H.R. 5515, the Fiscal Year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA. Senator B
OOZMAN ’s amendment is a thoughtful one. It proposes to solicit information from the Department of Defense to help us carefully think through our re-sponse to the changed strategic situa-tion in Europe. Russia’s military ag-gression and Military incursions in Georgia, Ukraine, and elsewhere have made it abundantly clear that we are no longer in the security environment that provided the context for the com-mitments we made in the 1997 NATO- Russia Founding Act. The United States and Poland have a long record of highly effective coopera-tion in military matters. Poland has made important contributions to oper-ations in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan, and an American-led NATO battle group in Poland is playing an impor-tant role in reinforcing NATO’s eastern flank today. Still, a decision to permanently de-ploy U.S. forces to the territory of even such a stalwart ally should not be taken lightly. This amendment wisely requests that the Department of De-fense provide its assessment of a num-ber of factors that we will need to weigh when deciding whether to take such a step, including the reactions we should anticipate from other allies, possible responses by Russia, and more practical considerations including cost and timing. Poland needs no reminder about the external threats it faces. After all, it borders Ukraine. However, Poland faces an enemy within: democratic backsliding, which plays into Vladimir Putin’s hands as he aims to undermine democratic values across Europe. Since 2015, the Polish Government has challenged constitutionalism, erod-ed checks and balances, and indulged in historical revisionism. The breadth and depth of the government’s actions led the European Commission to conclude in December that Poland’s ‘‘executive and legislative branches have been sys-tematically enabled to politically interfere in the composition, powers, administration and functioning of the judicial branch.’’ I discussed these concerns in a meet-ing with Polish Deputy Foreign Min-ister Marek Magierowski in February, including a controversial law, intro-duced on the eve of International Holo-caust Remembrance Day, which may actually impede research, scholarship, and journalism about the Holocaust. The Department of State rightly ob-served that this law might have reper-cussions for ‘‘Poland’s strategic inter-ests and relationships—including with the United States and Israel. The re-sulting divisions that may arise among our allies benefit only our rivals.’’ Independence of the judiciary will take another hit on July 3, when a new law will go into effect forcing the early retirement of up to 40 percent of Po-land’s 120-member supreme court, the reintroduction of the Soviet-era fea-ture of ‘‘lay judges,’’ and make final judgments subject to ‘‘extraordinary appeals.’’ These developments—very concerning both for Poland and the re-gion—should be part of the administra-tion’s dialogue with Warsaw on com-prehensive transatlantic security. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise to highlight an issue concerning the in-dustrial base that supports the stra-tegic TRIAD. Currently the Air Force is developing the Ground Based Stra-tegic Deterrent or GBSD. This will be the Nation’s new land-based interconti-nental ballistic missile and will replace the venerable Minuteman Three. Near-ly 50 years ago, when Minuteman was built, there were five companies capa-ble of producing large solid rocket mo-tors. The industrial base that produces large solid rocket motors for the Na-tion’s strategic TRIAD has shrunk to two, and if the GBSD program is not handled carefully, it could soon shrink to one. With each new missile likely to have three large solid rocket motors, it is important to maintain multiple companies that can produce them. This problem was clearly identified in April 2018 when the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment released the Department of Defense’s Annual Industrial Capa-bilities Report. I would encourage my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.022 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3940 June 14, 2018 
colleagues to go read the entire report for themselves. The report can be found at http://www.businessdefense.gov/Por-tals/51/Documents/Resources/ 2017%20AIC%20RTC%2005-17-2018%20- %20Public%20Release.pdf?ver=2018-05- 17-224631-340. The report is quite lengthy; however, I would like to read one paragraph from page 85, which accurately synop-sizes the lack of oversight of the large solid rocket motor industrial base: ‘‘Maintaining a healthy and competi-tive solid rocket motor industrial base is also of concern to the Department. Solid rocket motors for tactical mis-siles are produced in a nearly even split between the two domestic suppliers, Orbital ATK and Aerojet Rocketdyne. However, in the very near future all the large solid rocket motors for stra-tegic missiles and space launch will be produced by Orbital ATK. Aerojet Rocketdyne has managed to maintain their large solid rocket motor capability for now with produc-tion of the boosters for the United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V space launch vehicle, and small development investments from the GBSD program. But ULA has chosen Orbital ATK’s boosters to replace Aerojet Rocketdyne’s on Atlas and future launch vehicles, leaving Aerojet Rocketdyne with no large solid rocket motor production. Aerojet Rocketdyne has chosen to close their Sacramento large solid rocket motor production fa-cility. While they have plans to reconstitute this capability at their Camden facil-ity, they may not do so if they are not part of the winning team for GBSD, producing at least one solid rocket motor stage. This potentially leaves the United States with a single large solid rocket motor supplier, which can lead to cost increases due to lack of competition, decreases in internal re-search and development efforts, and risk of security of supply if a cata-strophic accident should occur.’’ I am very concerned about what the Under Secretary has revealed in this report. I believe that the Nation must avoid a monopoly provider situation for the very reasons stated in the re-port. As a member of the Appropria-tions Committee, I believe that we have a duty to be proper stewards of the defense industrial base, both for our current warfighters and for those who will follow. This is an issue that I will continue to monitor, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. PETERS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, all postcloture time expire at 1:45 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MCCONNELL. For the informa-tion of Senators, this sets up a series of votes this afternoon. We should expect three to four votes during this series. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. 
STEPHEN MICHAEL GLEASON CONGRESSIONAL  
GOLD MEDAL BILL  
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I come to the floor to honor Washington State’s finest, Spokane native and Washington State University Cougar Steve Gleason. I know my Senate col-leagues will be here later this after-noon to do the same. My colleagues from Louisiana and Washington have introduced legislation to award Steve the Congressional Gold Medal, Congress’s highest honor. I look for-ward to seeing this legislation pass later today by unanimous consent. Many Washingtonians remember Steve as a standout student athlete whose dedication in the classroom earned him repeated academic honors and whose dominance on the football field and baseball diamond set records and dazzled fans. Everybody back home is pulling for Steve. Instead of Steve going to the Seahawks, he signed with the New Or-leans Saints. He quickly became a fan favorite for his work ethic and the joy he brought to the game. In his first game back under the Su-perdome after Hurricane Katrina, he blocked a punt that was returned for a touchdown. It is a play I know Saints’ fans around the country still remember fondly. It is not Steve’s athletic feats at Washington State University or in the Superdome that make him worth rec-ognition, it is his perseverance, deter-mination, his unbreakable spirit in the face of ALS, and his dogged advocacy for people who have been impacted by this disease. That is why Steve is such an inspira-tion to the people of Spokane, through-out the State of Washington, and across the United States. Through his public advocacy and collaboration with Congress, Steve helped pass the Steve Gleason Act, which ensures that people with ALS and other degenerative dis-eases can access speech-generating de-vices, whether at home or in a health facility. His leadership with the Gleason Ini-tiative Foundation brought together the largest ALS research project in the world, and his work has helped us im-prove the lives of countless individuals who have been impacted by this dis-ease. We could not be more proud of him, and that is why we are here today, to make sure this legislation gives that appropriate recognition. Steve Gleason said: ‘‘Our potential is not contained in our physical bodies, but rather in our mind and in our spirit.’’ I so appreciate all he has done to help fight this disease. He has been such a leader in communicating the needs of those with ALS and showing the progress we all can make. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc: amendments Nos. 2289, 2295, 2300, 2322, 2365, 2440, 2441, 2464, 2486, 2509, 2544, 2550, 2579, 2587, 2589, 2598, 2600, 2611, 2617, 2623, 2633, 2634, 2653, 2654, 2686, 2691, 2695, 2721, 2723, 2729, 2737, 2742, 2755, 2758, 2768, 2794, 2799, 2800, 2810, 2815, 2818, 2830, 2862, 2863, and 2887. I further ask consent that these amendments be considered en bloc; that it be in order for the Lee amendment No. 2366 to be called up, and that there be up to an hour of de-bate on the amendments to run concur-rently, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the en bloc amendments and the Lee amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. GRAHAM. Yes. Madam Presi-dent, reserving the right to object, and I will object. My colleague from Utah, who is a very smart man on the Judiciary Com-mittee, like I am—I don’t know if I am smart, but we are on the same com-mittee—we are actually making progress here. Just briefly, Senator C
RUZhas had an amendment that says if someone is suspected of being part of an enemy force, they will have a hearing to strip their citizenship, which avoids the problem Senator L
EEand I have. He is trying to combine that with his amend-ment. Unfortunately, there is no ability to hold them as an enemy combatant dur-ing that process—and maybe we can work that out later—so I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I appre-ciate the efforts made by my friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator from South Carolina. I wish to speak concerning the purpose for my making this request. I do so with great respect for this body, for its customs, its tradi-tions, its rules, and for each of its Members. At the same time, it is imperative that we point out what is happening. We have a bill—one of the most con-sequential pieces of legislation we vote on each year—the National Defense Authorization Act. We have been effec-tively shut out of a meaningful amend-ment process, one that has historically marked this body as one of its distin-guishing characteristics; one that has historically helped this body to refer to itself as the world’s greatest delibera-tive legislative body. We have tested that in recent months and years as Members have started ob-jecting with increasing frequency to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.008 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3941 June 14, 2018 
anyone getting a vote on any amend-ment they don’t like, that they object to. The amendment at issue is based on a bipartisan piece of legislation called the Due Process Guarantee Act. I am the lead sponsor, along with my lead cosponsor, the senior Senator from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN . The purpose of this amendment is simple. It is to make sure the U.S. Gov-ernment has no authority and claims no authority to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens apprehended on U.S. soil. Most people listening to this—anyone listen-ing to it—would think, why on Earth would we need legislation stating something so obvious? The fact is, we shouldn’t. It is the inexorable command of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments, not to mention other statutory and constitutional protections, that the in-definite detention without charge, without trial, without access to a jury, without access to counsel—these kinds of things are anathema to our way of life, to our constitutional system of laws. Why then do we need this amend-ment? Well, about 7 years ago, toward the end of 2011, when Congress was con-sidering, then ultimately passed, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, Congress included in that legislation a provision, section 2021 of that bill, that purported to give the U.S. Government that authority in certain circumstances. In other words, there were cir-cumstances based on the accusations against you, as an American citizen, that you could be apprehended on U.S. soil and held indefinitely without charge or trial. This violates every-thing we know about our system of government. It violates everything we know about the laws of any decent na-tion—any nation that recognizes the fundamental, essentially eternal dig-nity of the human soul. This is not something we do in the United States. I raised objections to it at the time. I tried to fix it at the time. It didn’t happen. The following year, late in 2012, when we were addressing the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013, toward the end of 2012, I introduced an amendment that is sub-stantially identical to the one I am trying to seek a vote on today. It passed by a bipartisan supermajority vote. There were 67 Members who voted for this. That is more than a majority; more than the three-fifths it needed to close debate. In fact, it is equal to the sum required when you are proposing a constitutional amendment out of this body or trying to override a Presi-dential veto. That is what we had. For reasons that escape me, that pro-vision was removed in the Conference Committee when the Conference Com-mittee was trying to recognize com-peting House and Senate versions of the bill. In the subsequent 6 years, I tried repeatedly to get a vote on this amendment again, recognizing that it passed overwhelmingly and that it was inexplicably removed from the bill dur-ing the Conference Committee. Prom-ise after promise has been made to help me get a vote on that amendment, which ever since hasn’t panned out. We have an opportunity to consider it here. Yesterday, something inter-esting happened. Yesterday, there was a motion to table this amendment. In other words, there were some Members of this body who didn’t want to con-sider it at all so they made a motion to table. When you table something in the Senate, you are setting it aside, setting it on the table, saying: We are not going to address that. Do you know what happened? There were 68 people who voted against that motion to table. In other words, 68 people voted that we should have a vote on this amendment. That is more than a ma-jority, more than the three-fifths or 60 needed to close debate. That is more than the threshold required to propose a constitutional amendment or over-ride a Presidential veto. Why then are we not discussing this? Why are we not voting on it so we have a number of amendments? You may have heard me reciting a series of about three dozen four-digit numbers, each referring to a separate amend-ment being proposed for a so-called managers’ package. If we are going to further amend this bill, we need to consider those with a vote, and we need a vote on my amend-ment. Yesterday, 68 Members of this body agreed that we should be consid-ering this. Ask any American you know—your friends, your neighbors, I don’t care what State they live in, what party they identify with, where they go to church or synagogue, whether they are believers in God, regardless of their background, their socioeconomic sta-tus, what they do for a living—you ask people from almost any background, and I can almost guarantee you they are going to call this a no-brainer. Why would we not want to remove a pernicious provision from a piece of Federal law that passed a few years ago, purporting to authorize the Fed-eral Government to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens, without charge or trial or jury or counsel, based merely on the nature of the allegations against them? This is wrong, and the wrongness of that provision, which could be cor-rected by my amendment, is com-pounded still by the refusal of this body, by the refusal of 1 Member of this body, 1 Member out of 100, to allow us to get a vote on this. We must vote on this. If we are going to lay claim to any type of status as the world’s greatest deliberative legislative body, we have to start voting on amendments again. We have steadily, sadly, tragically re-linquished that right by acquiescence. As of today, I say no more. It has to stop. Let us vote on this. We will con-tinue to push this. The laws of the United States and the principles that govern the behavior of decent people everywhere dictate we should correct this error in the law. I implore my colleagues, I implore my distinguished colleague, the senior Senator from South Carolina, let us vote on this amendment. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Montana. 
FLAG DAY  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, Last year, just a few miles down the road in Virginia, a disabled World War II vet-eran, Richard Cohen, woke up to his burned American flag on his doorstep. Let me say that again. Richard Cohen, who was wounded by German machine-gun fire while defending our freedom in World War II, woke up to his American flag desecrated on his doorstep. Unfortunately, this is just one of many astonishing stories of our Amer-ican flag being ruined. In fact, since 2014, there have been 50 known offen-sive acts of American flag burning. That is 50 times that our symbol of freedom—that thousands of Americans have paid the ultimate sacrifice for— was destroyed. That is why I am here today, Flag Day, to speak about my constitutional amendment that would prohibit the burning of the American flag. The col-ors of the flag—red, white, and blue— symbolize valor, purity, and persever-ance. The American flag represents our Nation’s history and the character of our Nation’s Founding Fathers. Beginning with those Founding Fa-thers, the American flag represents the patriotism and dedication of men and women who fought to defend our Na-tion’s freedom when our country was founded more than 200 years ago today. Thousands of brave and selfless men and women have given their lives in sacrifice and service to our country and in defense of our flag. That is why I have introduced this constitutional amendment to provide Congress with the authority to pro-hibit burning of the American flag. Our flag should be protected in honor of the countless American servicemembers who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to defend it. It is no wonder, by overwhelming ma-jorities, our veterans and organizations like the American Legion support this because they have been on the frontlines defending our freedom. Our veterans are the best example of why America is still the greatest coun-try on Earth and why our freedoms and our liberties are worth defending. In the words of that World War II veteran Richard Cohen, ‘‘I served under that flag and I bled for it, really, and it was a personal affront.’’ The American flag has been a symbol of hope, a symbol of freedom for cen-turies, and it ought to be respected. On this day, Flag Day, may God continue to bless our troops, our veterans, and this great United States of America. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.025 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3942 June 14, 2018 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, there is a reason we have passed the National Defense Authorization Act every year for the past 57 years, and that is be-cause it is vital for the men and women who take responsibility for defending our country. Passing the Defense au-thorization bill is one of the most im-portant things we do in this Chamber, and I look forward to passing the bill that we have before us out of the Sen-ate and getting it through conference and signed into law very soon. I want to start by briefly thanking the bill managers for including a num-ber of my amendments, but one I will mention that they have added to the managers’ package is an amendment that requires the Air Force and the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion to submit a joint progress report every 6 months on their efforts to de-velop a new nuclear cruise missile ca-pability. This will help ensure that their efforts are synchronized and that we stay on schedule. The nuclear cruise missile is an important part of our de-terrent, and I am grateful for the com-mittee’s willingness to work with me on this amendment and include it in the managers’ package. This year’s legislation certainly con-tains its share of noteworthy provi-sions. I will not be able to mention them all, but I do want to talk about some of them here today. For example, it authorizes a 2.6-percent pay raise for members of the armed services, which is the highest pay raise we have been able to include in more than a decade. It is something they very much de-serve. Thanks to the good work of the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee, the bill also takes important steps to mod-ernize the personnel system to provide greater career flexibility and make sure we can meet the needs of the pro-fessionals who serve across our mag-nificent Armed Forces. In addition to personnel matters, I am pleased to note that the legislation supports our Nation’s strategic prior-ities as reflected in the National Secu-rity Strategy, the National Defense Strategy, and the Nuclear Posture Re-view. Those documents rightly point out that we face emerging challenges from Russia and China. While we hope to avoid confrontation with these na-tions, there is no question we are in competition with them, and this year’s NDAA helps align our forces to make sure we maintain our competitive ad-vantage. This legislation also authorizes sig-nificant numbers of fighter aircraft and additional numbers of submarines and surface ships. The reason we are able to do that is that we, in the budget agree-ment this year, provided more funding authority for our military, which, again, is something we very much needed to do. This legislation also fully authorizes the nuclear modernization program aimed at sustaining and modernizing all three legs of the nuclear triad, as well as extending the service lives of our nuclear warheads. Modernizing our nuclear forces is extremely important for our national security, as well as to my home State. In my State, the Minot Air Force Base is home to two of the three legs of the triad—bombers and ICBMs. These men and women of the Minot Air Force Base are on the frontlines of vital missions, and updat-ing our nuclear force will help ensure they continue to fulfill this vital role in coming decades. In just the past few months, I have visited that base, and we have had ongoing deployments to the Korean Peninsula, based TDY out of Guam, as well as to the Middle East, taking an important role in what is going on in Iraq and Syria. I also want to highlight in this legis-lation the Air Force’s plan to replace the engines on the venerable B–52 air-craft, something I have worked on quite a bit. We expect that aircraft, which has been a workhorse for us for many years, to remain a key element of not only our nuclear deterrent but also an important component of our conventional bomber force for decades to come. New engines will help keep it flying and ensure that it will continue to fulfill those vital roles. The legislation also provides for sig-nificant investment in emerging tech-nologies that will position our forces to remain the most capable military on Earth, including investments in hypersonic weapons and directed en-ergy weapons. Another base in my State, the Grand Forks Air Force Base, has the Global Hawk mission. This legislation makes sure we continue support for the Global Hawk, which is an unmanned aircraft that provides an incredibly important role in ISR—intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance—which is a very important part of our global reach. This legislation also authorizes the annual military construction program, with an Army readiness center in Fargo, ND, and a helicopter operations facility at the Minot Air Force Base representing two examples of military construction projects made possible through this legislation. Again, these are things I have worked hard on, as well as other support for our National Guard in my State and across the country. This bill includes language that pro-vides higher allowances for Guard members on lengthy or numerous de-ployments. It also addresses Federal delays in recognizing promotions for National Guard and Reserve members, who play such an important role in our Armed Forces. There are too many provisions to go through all of them, obviously, but the point is we need to pass this legislation for our men and women in uniform. We have the finest armed services in the world, and they deserve our careful and deliberate attention to ensure they have the benefits they deserve, the tools they need, and the support that we owe them. Again, I look forward to completing work on this legislation, and then, as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee—and I am on the Defense Appropriations Committee as well—I will work hard to make sure we have the appropriate funding to go with the authorization we provide in this legis-lation to make absolutely sure we sup-port our incredible men and women in uniform. We owe them so much, and it is an honor and privilege to work on their behalf. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I want to take a second to thank Senator I
NHOFE and Senator R EED and their staffs for all of their hard work on get-ting us to this point on the Defense au-thorization bill, which is so very im-portant. Through the European Deterrence Initiative, we have made important progress in preparing U.S. forces and allies to address Russian threats to American interests and the inter-national order that protects them. I was just in Poland visiting U.S. forces with Senators I
NHOFE , CAPITO , and E
NZI. We saw firsthand the work they are doing to preposition equip-ment and to establish the necessary footprint to sustain operations. The NDAA contains a provision that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct an assessment of the feasi-bility and advisability of permanently stationing a U.S. Army brigade combat team in Poland. This amendment would require a report to accompany the assessment, detailing the require-ments for combat enablers to deter ag-gression by Russia and to execute the Department of Defense’s contingency plans. Combat enablers are the essen-tial noncombat force that helps to maintain our defense posture around the globe. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as the Senate continues to play its oversight role to ensure that we defend our interests and our allies in Europe against Russian aggression. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.026 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3943 June 14, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2273 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw amendment No. 2273. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2273) was with-drawn. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes fol-lowing the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent to address the Senate for 1 minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2885 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, the Reed amendment would name a fellowship program on behalf of Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN. I can’t think of anything more fitting, in addition to the naming of this bill, than naming this fellowship program on behalf of Senator M
CCAIN. I hope all of my colleagues will join me in voting unanimously for Senator M
CCAIN’s fellowship program. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2885, offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 97, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 125 Leg.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth McCain Moran 
The amendment (No. 2885) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2276 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2276, offered by the Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE , for the Senator from Arkansas, Mr. B
OOZMAN . The amendment (No. 2276) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2282, AS MODIFIED , AS 
AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2282, offered by the Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE , as modified and amended. The amendment (No. 2282), as modi-fied, as amended, was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, Roger F. Wicker, Ted Cruz, Cindy Hyde-Smith, James Lankford, Marco Rubio, James M. Inhofe, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, John Bar-rasso, Cory Gardner, John Thune. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 81, nays 15, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 126 Leg.] YEAS—81 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy McCaskill McConnell Menendez Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—15 
Corker Durbin Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Harris Johnson Kennedy Lee Markey Merkley Paul Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Duckworth Manchin McCain Moran 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 81, the nays are 15. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Louisiana. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. 
f 
STEPHEN MICHAEL GLEASON CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I join Senator C
ASSIDY and many of our col-leagues in recognizing one of Wash-ington State’s favorite sons—Spo-kane’s own Steve Gleason. I have to say, as a fellow Cougar, sponsoring this legislation to recognize Steve’s legacy of excellence—from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.031 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3944 June 14, 2018 
Martin Stadium in Pullman, to the NFL, to his avid work as an advocate in the health world—was a no-brainer for me. But our bill to award Steve the Congressional Gold Medal—the highest honor Congress can bestow on an American citizen—has been embraced and cosponsored by more than 70 Mem-bers of this Chamber from both sides of the aisle is a testament not just to the incredible respect Steve has garnered across our Nation as a standout athlete but to his inspiring leadership and tire-less advocacy that has made an indel-ible impact on our Nation and our cul-ture. Of course, Steve’s skills and talents on the football field are legendary. Many will not soon forget that iconic blocked punt at the Superdome in 2006—a play that helped lift up the spirits of an entire community that was still struggling in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Yet it has been Steve’s work off the gridiron that has had perhaps the most lasting impact on our country and on our future. Since being diagnosed with ALS in 2011, Steve has become a passionate warrior for ALS survivors and their families. Through his Gleason Initia-tive Foundation, Steve actively sup-ports critical research efforts to com-bat ALS and helps to raise much need-ed public awareness about the condi-tion while also providing ALS patients with leading-edge technology, equip-ment, and services to help them not only live with their ALS diagnoses but to thrive. In motivating others by his lived ex-ample, Steve, together with his wife, his mother, and everyone at Team Gleason, has inspired hope in individ-uals throughout Washington State and across the globe, and he has undoubt-edly changed countless lives for the better. Few people make Washington State as proud as Steve Gleason, and I am de-lighted to sponsor this legislation to award him the Congressional Gold Medal. I urge our colleagues to support our efforts. I thank my colleague Senator C
AS-
SIDY for his leadership on this and for working with me on an important piece of legislation that will recognize an in-credible human being. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I am here to speak about honoring Steve Gleason with the Congressional Gold Medal. Steve is well known in Louisiana and throughout the gulf coast and to foot-ball fans across the country. He is a Washington State native, as Senator M
URRAY recently spoke, but he lives in New Orleans with his wife Michel and son Rivers. Steve played in the NFL for 8 sea-sons, mostly with the New Orleans Saints. He is famous as a New Orleans Saint. On September 25, 2006, on ‘‘Mon-day Night Football,’’ the first game back in the Superdome when it re-opened after Hurricane Katrina, the Saints were playing their archrival and division opponent, the hated Atlanta Falcons. The Presiding Officer prob-ably likes the Falcons. The Falcons were punting from deep in their own territory. Steve broke through the line and blocked the punt. Fellow Saint Curtis Deloatch recovered the ball for a touchdown. The stadium erupted. There were 70,000 fans in the Superdome stadium. I was watching on TV. Al Michaels was blown away. It was an incredible mo-ment, not just for the football team but because it was the first game in the Superdome, having just been reopened after Hurricane Katrina, which had al-most destroyed the city and, indeed, the whole gulf coast, and it had much more meaning. The emotion was for the play but also for what the play symbolized for the game. Steve Gleason’s blocked punt symbolized, as Steve would say, ‘‘no white flags.’’ New Orleans and the gulf coast were back, and despite Katrina’s devastation, we would not surrender. Now Steve demonstrates that ‘‘no white flags’’ resolve in another arena. In 2011, Steve was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also called Lou Gehrig’s disease. He cannot speak and, except for moving his eyes and blinking, he cannot move. But Steve can still think, and because he can think and because of what he has done with his thoughts is why he in-spires and why we wish to honor him with a Congressional Gold Medal. He has a difficult challenge, but his accomplishments addressing that chal-lenge are what is noteworthy. After his diagnosis, Steve and his wife began a mission to show that patients with dis-eases such as ALS cannot only live, but they can thrive. Steve declared that there would be ‘‘no white flags,’’ and that became the mantra of something he began: the Gleason Initiative Foundation. This foundation helps to provide individuals who have neuromuscular disease or other injuries with cutting-edge tech-nology, equipment, and services. It raises global awareness about ALS to find solutions and an end to the dis-ease. It has also helped hundreds of people with ALS experience life adven-tures they never thought possible. Steve’s story and mission have been chronicled by national and local media outlets as well as a 2016 documentary, ‘‘Gleason,’’ which shows what his life has been like since 2011. When first meeting Steve, you would expect to feel pity. Yet, as you walk in and meet him and see what he has done, as he speaks to you through the machines he has helped to develop, you feel inspired. His perseverance and commitment to giving hope to others is amazing. I will give a partial list of what he and his wife have done since his diag-nosis. He founded the Gleason Initia-tive Foundation, of which I just spoke. Steve, in partnership with Microsoft,— and I have a poster here showing Steve and the Microsoft team—developed eye-tracking technology that allows him to communicate and to move. So as Steve looks up—again, he can only move his eyes and blink his eyes— he can look at this keyboard and if it says, ‘‘Turn my wheelchair to the right,’’ he looks there and blinks his eyes and his wheelchair will turn to the right. He has prerecorded statements. So if you walk in, he will blink at a prerecorded statement that says: ‘‘Hello. My name is Steve Gleason. How are you?’’ If he wishes to say something sponta-neously, he can blink, blink, blink, and it will say: ‘‘Well, let’s discuss this fur-ther.’’ It is not all just ‘‘let’s talk busi-ness.’’ He has his iTunes on there. He can blink and get his favorite song. There is a multiplicity of functions that allow the man to live—and not just him, because among other accom-plishments Steve Gleason and his wife Michel have achieved, he led efforts to enact legislation, the Steve Gleason Enduring Voices Act, to make these de-vices available to those suffering from neurodegenerative diseases. It was a bill that I was privileged to introduce and that has passed into law. Steve continues to challenge the heads of industry and medicine to im-prove the technology and the science to find a cure for ALS. He opened the Team Gleason House for Innovative Living, where up to 18 people can live as productively and as independently as possible. A few years ago, Steve hosted a glob-al summit, bringing together research-ers, patients, caregivers, and others in the ALS community. The summit re-sulted in the single largest coordinated and collaborative ALS research project in the world, called Answer ALS. It has nearly 2 dozen research institutions, 1,000 patients, and 20 trillion data points that will help to find unknown pathways to lead to new treatments or to cures. In recognition of Steve’s work, in April I introduced legislation with Sen-ators MURRAY , K ENNEDY , and C ANT-
WELL to honor Steve Gleason with the Congressional Gold Medal. Steve’s story is so compelling that in less than 2 months, over 70 of our colleagues joined to affirm Steve’s inspiring story and impact upon his fellow Americans to make him worthy of the highest honor Congress can bestow. Steve should be awarded this medal. He is an example of what makes our country great. He has given hope to many. He gives hope to all those who have ever received a devastating diag-nosis, and his message is simple: Your life still has meaning. Your best years can still be ahead of you. Steve is a role model, not just for those in the disability community but for all Americans. I suspect that what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.035 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3945 June 14, 2018 
he may appreciate most about this honor is the attention it brings to find solutions and cures for those with dis-eases such as ALS. I would like to thank my colleagues, their staff, and everyone else who has helped build support for this legislation including Microsoft, the ALS Associa-tion, the NFL, and the New Orleans Saints. I wish to encourage my colleagues in the House to cosponsor this legislation and to pass it as soon as possible. I would like to thank Steve for con-tinuing to be an example of commit-ment, perseverance, and inspiration. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2652 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2652) to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2652) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2652 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stephen Mi-chael Gleason Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Stephen ‘‘Steve’’ Gleason was born March 19, 1977, in Spokane, Washington to Mike and Gail Gleason. (2) Steve attended Gonzaga Preparatory School for high school where he excelled as both a football and baseball player. (3) In 1995, Steve enrolled at Washington State University where he was a 2-sport ath-lete for the baseball and football teams and helped the Cougars football team advance to the 1997 Rose Bowl. (4) In 2000, Steve signed a professional foot-ball contract with the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League as an undrafted free agent but later joined the New Orleans Saints in November of that same season. (5) Steve would go on to play 7 more sea-sons as a member of the New Orleans Saints. (6) Steve will always be remembered for his blocked punt on September 25, 2006, against the Atlanta Falcons, the night the Louisiana Superdome reopened for the first time after Hurricane Katrina in a game the Saints would win 23 to 3. (7) In January, 2011 Steve was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS, considered a terminal neuro-muscular dis-ease. (8) Following his diagnosis, Steve, with the loving support of his wife, Michel, began a mission to show that patients can not only live but thrive after a diagnosis of ALS and established The Gleason Initiative Founda-tion also known simply as ‘‘Team Gleason’’. (9) At the time of his diagnosis, however, Steve said there will be ‘‘No White Flags’’, which has become the mantra of Team Glea-son. (10) The Gleason Initiative Foundation helps provide individuals with neuro-muscular diseases or injuries with leading edge technology, equipment and services, raises global awareness about ALS to find solutions and an end to the disease, and has helped hundreds of people with ALS experi-ence life adventures they never thought pos-sible after their diagnosis. (11) Steve’s story and mission have been told by the NFL Network, ESPN, HBO, ABC, CBS, CNN, and many local media outlets, as well as in a 2016 documentary titled ‘‘Glea-son’’, which was heralded at the Sundance Film Festival and premiered across the country with Variety calling the production ‘‘an emotional powerhouse’’. The documen-tary won several awards, including the 2016 Washington, D.C. Area Film Critics Associa-tion Award for Best Documentary. (12) Steve was named one of two Sports Illustrated’s Inspirations of the Year in 2014, has been a keynote speaker for Microsoft and at two United Nations sponsored Social In-novation Summits, and received the 2015 George S. Halas Courage Award, given to a NFL player, coach or staff member who over-comes the most adversity to succeed. (13) Steve helped advocate for the Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–40; 129 Stat. 441), and the Steve Gleason Enduring Voices Act of 2017, H.R. 2465, 115th Congress (2017), which permanently ensures people liv-ing with diseases such ALS have access to speech generating devices regardless of their setting, whether at home or a healthcare in-stitution. (14) In 2014, Steve and Team Gleason hosted a global summit to bring together re-searchers, patients, caregivers, and all ALS stakeholders to create a plan to ultimately end ALS. That summit resulted in the single largest coordinated and collaborative ALS research project in the world, Answer ALS, which brings together nearly two dozen re-search institutions, 1,000 patients and 20,000,000,000,000 data points that are impor-tant to the project and that will define the unknown pathways that will lead to treat-ments or finally a cure. (15) In 2015, Steve and Microsoft worked to-gether to create a method for people who are completely paralyzed to navigate their power wheelchairs with their eyes. Today, Steve, Microsoft and all wheelchair manu-facturers are working collaboratively to make it widely available to all who need this technology. In addition, Microsoft has also made eye tracking technology part of all Windows 10 products across the globe. (16) In 2011, 10 months after his diagnosis, Steve and Michel made their most signifi-cant accomplishment, becoming parents to their son Rivers. (17) Steve and Michel Gleason continue to fight to find a solution for ALS so they can share many years together and as parents to Rivers. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of the Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design to Stephen Michael Gleason. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-poses of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable em-blems, devices, and inscriptions, to be deter-mined by the Secretary. SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
Medals struck pursuant to this Act are na-tional medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I come back to the floor of the Senate to talk again about the opioid crisis that has gripped the country and my State of Ohio. I want to focus on the issue of fentanyl. This is the most deadly of the drugs now. It is a drug that is causing the most overdoses at a time in which we have unprecedented numbers of overdoses. Fentanyl is a synthetic form of her-oin and opioids. It is coming through the mail. It is coming mostly from one country—China. It is the poison that has contributed more in the last few years to the rise in opioid use than anything else. Over the past week, we have made some significant progress in pushing back against fentanyl, and I want to report on that today. As I am talking today, the U.S. House of Representatives is going to take up legislation called the STOP Act, which we have been working on here in the Senate for a couple of years. I am very pleased about that. I suspect the vote today will be bipar-tisan. I suspect it will pass the House. I also want to report that here in the Senate we have had a breakthrough in the last week. Not only have we nego-tiated something with the House that is, in my view, an improvement from the legislation that passed the House Ways and Means committee a couple of weeks ago, but also, in the Senate Fi-nance Committee this week, we had a markup and got a commitment from the chairman and ranking member that the Finance Committee will also mark up the same legislation—iden-tical legislation—as is likely to pass the House of Representatives today. I thank Chairman O
RRIN HATCH and Ranking Member R
ONWYDEN for work-ing with us to ensure we could get this legislation marked up in committee and onto the floor of the U.S. Senate as part of whatever we do in terms of the opioid crisis here in the coming days and weeks. Of course, I also commend my House colleagues for the vote today and for the work they have done on this, par-ticularly the Ways and Means Com-mittee chairman, K
EVIN BRADY , Rep-resentatives M
IKE BISHOP , D AVE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.037 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3946 June 14, 2018 
REICHERT , BILLPASCRELL , and J OHN F
ASO for their efforts on this bill to combat the opioid crisis. Again, my hope is the bill that passes the House today will be identical to the bill we will take up here on the floor of the U.S. Senate, so we can ensure we can get this bill to the President for his signature as soon as possible. This is an urgent issue. This is not just an important issue; it is an urgent issue. We need to push back, and we need to push back hard. The drug fentanyl is so dangerous that a couple milligrams of it, a few flecks of it, can kill you. Again, it is something that is causing the most overdoses right now. It is not just af-fecting those who are overdosing on it; it is affecting all of us, including our first responders, including young chil-dren who come in contact with it. The stories of kids exposed to fentanyl are really heartbreaking, perhaps because someone left it behind at a party, per-haps because their parents or other family members left it behind, and these young children are overdosing and dying. This is happening in my State. This is happening around the country. First responders are being affected. I hear stories about it when I am home, whether it is a firefighter, someone in the healthcare industry, or someone who is in law enforcement. A story, which I have mentioned before, is about an East Liverpool, OH, police of-ficer. He pulls over two suspects, no-tices they are spreading white powder inside the car, trying to hide it. Wisely, he puts on gloves and a mask. He makes the arrest. When he is back at the police station booking these indi-viduals—not for the traffic violation so much as for the fentanyl—he looks at his shirt and notices a couple of flecks of something white on his shirt, and brushes it off like that. His fingers are exposed to the fentanyl. Immediately, he falls to the ground unconscious and has to be revived by Narcan, not once, not twice, but for Chris Green, a big guy—6 feet 2 inches, 200-some pounds, in great shape—four doses of Narcan were necessary to save his life and keep him alive. As his police chief said, if they weren’t right there with him, what would have happened? What would have happened if he had gone home, had those flecks on his shoulder, and hugged his kids? This is an incredibly dangerous substance, and we have to deal with it. Last year, law enforcement officials in Massachusetts said that with two doses of Narcan, they revived a man who said he had been smoking only marijuana. How could this be? It was because fentanyl was mixed with that marijuana. I was in Lorain, OH, last week for a meeting with folks involved in pushing back against this substance abuse problem—law enforcement, social workers, treatment providers. Law en-forcement told us a story that was very much the same—a young man who had to be revived by using Narcan. He said: I was just smoking dope. It couldn’t be. Sure enough, when they checked, they found out the mari-juana had been laced with fentanyl. It is also going into cocaine. It is also going into crystal meth. In fact, crys-tal meth now is becoming a bigger problem in my home State of Ohio, and we know for a fact that this is a bigger problem in part because it is being mixed with fentanyl. The Dayton area recently released its county overdose report. The Dayton area experienced three times as many crystal meth-related overdose deaths in 2017 as compared to 2016. Again, they believe fentanyl mixed into these drugs is the contributing factor. The county coroner from Cincinnati said that she has now seen fentanyl mixed with cocaine and marijuana, as well as a number of street drugs. Fentanyl and its variants are now the deadliest drugs of the opioid epidemic. One of the takeaways I have had from my meetings around the State, talking to people about how we push back on fentanyl, is a growing con-sensus that we need to make much more progress in keeping the fentanyl from coming into our communities in the first place. Again, we know this is what is causing the big increase in overdoses and deaths at a time when we are doing more at home to address the opioid crisis. If not for fentanyl, I strongly believe we would be making progress. We would be seeing a reduc-tion in overdoses. This body has passed the CARA legis-lation—the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act; it has also passed the 21st Century Cures Act. I have been at different places in the State in the last few weeks where they have been using that funding well, to do things like quick response teams—when some-body is revived with Narcan, the mir-acle drug that reverses the effects of the overdose, then, be sure you are get-ting that person treatment by working with law enforcement, treatment pro-viders, and social workers together. It is working. In one case where they are using funding from the CARA legislation, 80 percent of the people whom they are coming into contact with are going into treatment. That is a tremendous improvement from, unfortunately, what is generally happening, which is that very few people are actually going from the Narcan overdose saving the person’s life into treatment. We have to deal with that gap. So we are making progress, yet the fentanyl is overwhelming the system. So it is time for us to figure this out, and push back harder. In 2013, in my home city of Cin-cinnati, we experienced a 1,000-percent increase in fentanyl deaths. In the first 5 months of this year, more than 90 percent of the drugs seized by the Ham-ilton County crime lab contained fentanyl—more than 90 percent. Most of the drugs we talk about pushing back against—think of co-caine, heroin, even crystal meth—come in overland, mostly across the south-ern border from Mexico. What law en-forcement tells us and what the intel-ligence community tells us is that fentanyl comes in primarily by the U.S. mail system. So instead of coming overland—and the need for helping to secure our southern border is clear partly because of that—here we have a situation where this drug is coming in through our own Federal agency, the U.S. mail service. They tell us it comes primarily from one country—China. It is made in a laboratory in China, and it is shipped over here. We spent about 18 months studying this issue. We went undercover and contacted a lot of different websites, and they all told us the same thing, which is this: If you are going to buy from us, ship it by U.S. mail. If it comes by U.S. mail, we guarantee de-livery. If you don’t send it by U.S. mail, we are not so sure we can guar-antee it. Why is that? Because 16 years ago, this body and the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, after the tragic incidents of 9/11, decided we were going to tight-en up on packages coming into our country and the law enforcement screening of those packages. So we re-quired all the private carriers—FedEx, UPS, DHL, and others—to provide law enforcement data about those pack-ages, where they were from, what was in them, where they were going. They had to provide that data electronically and in advance so that law enforce-ment could use big data and use ana-lytics to determine what packages were suspect to be able to pull them offline. I have been to those facilities where this happens. It is very impressive. It is also very dangerous. These packages, once identified, have to be taken into a room where there is adequate ventila-tion and other precautions taken— gloves and masks and so on—because of the danger of fentanyl. But the U.S. Post Office was not re-quired 16 years ago to provide that in-formation. Instead, the legislation said that the post office needed to study the issue, leaving it clear in legislative his-tory that Congress considered it a problem but wanted to give the post of-fice time to look into it. Specifically, they asked the Postmaster General and Department of Homeland Security to come up with a report. It never hap-pened. So here we are, 16 years later. The post office doesn’t have that require-ment, and these other ways you can send packages mailed into the United States do have that requirement. So guess where the traffickers go. The post office in the last year or so has begun to step up its efforts, and I am happy about that. I believe they did it because of our hearings and because of the pressure from Congress and be-cause of this legislation called the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.040 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3947 June 14, 2018 
STOP Act. They now say that they are screening about 36 percent of their packages. Again, that is a big improve-ment. However, there are about 900 million packages a year. That means about 315 million packages are being looked at, and this is a big improve-ment, but we still have so many hun-dreds of millions of packages not re-ceiving that kind of screening. In addition, we learned through our hearings and investigation that 20 per-cent of the time, when law enforcement had identified a Postal Service package that was suspect, it was not presented to law enforcement. In other words, it went into the community anyway. Clearly, we have a big problem. We are not screening adequately, we are not providing the information for enough packages, and we are not giving law enforcement the tools they need to do their job. By the way, with regard to the private carriers, it is 100 percent required. So the legislation we are proposing is to tell the post office: This poison has to be stopped in every way we possibly can. This is a crisis. This is not just important; it is urgent. It is something we want you to address. So it says that by 2020 we have to have 100 percent of packages screened, and we have to give law enforcement the tools they need. Law enforcement, of course, is desperate to get this infor-mation. If they have the information, they can help. They can help to keep these packages out of our country. They can also help to raise the price. Some packages that are stopped, of course, would otherwise have gone to a post office box or someone’s home or an abandoned house and been distrib-uted. Packages that could have poisoned hundreds of thousands of peo-ple and killed hundreds of thousands of people have been seized in the State of Ohio. There was a package found re-cently in Nebraska that could have killed millions of people. In a rel-atively small quantity, this is incred-ibly powerful, dangerous stuff. Now, with this legislation, we will be able to identify more of these packages and get them offline and, again, at a minimum, be able to raise the cost. One of the reasons fentanyl has taken over and pushed out other drugs—by the way, it is 50 times more powerful than heroin. One reason is that it is relatively inexpensive. This will raise the price and reduce the vol-ume and help to save lives. We now have over one-third of the U.S. Senate as cosponsors of this legis-lation, including Senator H
ATCH and Senator W
YDEN . Again, I appreciate their support and their work on this. We also have about half of the House of Representatives who have supported the STOP Act in the other Chamber. It is time for us to take the next step: pass this legislation, get it in place, and immediately tell countries like China, if you want to send pack-ages to us, you have to provide this in-formation. We have done everything we can in other ways to encourage China to crack down on these labs, the evil sci-entists who are continuing to make this product. We are taking other steps, of course, to do that. We are tak-ing other steps to deal with this issue in terms of increased prevention and education efforts. That is in the CARA legislation. There is $10 million right now available for the administration to come up with a national media cam-paign that I would strongly support. They have already started a smaller media campaign with the private sec-tor. I support that as well. We need to push back every way we can, letting people know the dangers, including the fact that any street drugs you take now potentially can have deadly con-sequences, including fentanyl. We need to do more in terms of get-ting people into treatment. This is a disease, and it needs to be treated as such. We are not going to be able to make progress unless we take people who are already addicted and get them into the treatment and longer term re-covery they need. Longer term recov-ery is funded by CARA and Cures. This is the first time Congress has done this. It is very important because if you get people into longer term recov-ery programs—sober housing and group discussions, helping to support them— you have a much higher likelihood of somebody getting clean, being success-ful, being able to get back on track, getting back with their family, getting back to their job. Finally, we have to do more in terms of helping law enforcement. Again, that is partly what we are doing here, giving them the tools to be able to stop some of this poison from coming in, in the first place. I am encouraged with the progress we made just in the last week. We now have a House bill that is being voted on, as I speak. We now have a Senate bill that has been agreed to be reported out of committee coming onto the floor. They are identical. They both do the job. They both tell the post office we have to change behavior. By the way, in terms of the post of-fice, someone told me today that the postal union was concerned about this legislation. I encourage you to talk to rank-and-file mail carriers, postal car-riers, and ask them what they think. They don’t want to be carrying this poison into our communities. They don’t want to be potentially exposed to this poison, should a package leak, be-cause of the danger of it. The people I talk to agree, we abso-lutely have to crack down on this. We are not asking the post office to do it alone. We are providing funding to Cus-toms and Border Protection to be there with them. The postal inspectors, the folks who are actually local law en-forcement, are desperate to ensure that we can do this because they are tired of it. They are tired of seeing this stuff come in, like an avalanche coming into our country, and creating all these problems across the board in our com-munities, every sector of our commu-nity being affected. People are des-perate for solutions because they ac-knowledge the problem. I had a tele-townhall meeting last week in Washington where I called in and spoke to thousands of Ohioans at once. We do this on a monthly basis. For the last few years, we have been asking questions about opioids in our survey. It is a very simple question. It says: Have you been directly affected? Has anybody you know been directly affected by this opioid crisis? Unbelievably, we have gotten typi-cally about 50 percent of the people who called—again, these are thousands of people randomly selected—saying: Yes, my family or someone I know has been directly affected by opioids. At the call last week, two-thirds of the people on the call said they have been directly affected or someone they know has been directly affected. That is why people are desperate for a solu-tion because it is affecting them. It is affecting their lives. It is affecting their families. It is affecting our com-munities. It is affecting every single aspect of our community—the healthcare system, the foster care sys-tem, the prison system, the court sys-tem. It is time for us to step up and do more. Yes, prevention, treatment, longer term recovery but also helping law enforcement to be able to push back and stop some of this poison from coming into our communities in the first place. Let’s pass the STOP Act to give law enforcement the tools they need against this new scourge of this epi-demic, and by doing so, we will save lives. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING PHILO T. FARNSWORTH Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a remarkable Utahn whose impact has been felt by generations of Americans every day: the ‘‘Father of Television,’’ Mr. Philo T. Farnsworth. A true American inven-tor, Farnsworth’s image has graced Statuary Hall in the U.S. Capitol Building since 1990 in larger-than-life fashion, as one of two statue contribu-tions by Utah. Just a few months ago, the Utah State Legislature voted to replace the Farnsworth statue with that of Martha Hughes Cannon, the first woman State senator in Utah and the Nation. Her in-fluence as a Mormon pioneer, a Utah women’s rights advocate, and early fe-male physician opened doors and paved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.041 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3948 June 14, 2018 
the way for millions to follow. In 1896, when she defeated her own husband to become the first female State senator elected in the United States, she made history for our State and for women across the country. Martha’s contributions have been far-reaching in Utah, but in no way should the changing of the statues di-minish the contributions of Philo T. Farnsworth as one of America’s great-est innovators. I have always been proud to show the thousands of con-stituents who visit the Capitol each year the Farnsworth statue. This iconic sculpture has been a wonderful representation of the traits that our State was founded on: hard work, inno-vation, and industry. Farnsworth was born in 1906 in Bea-ver, UT, a small rural town settled in 1856 by Mormon pioneers traveling the road to southern Utah. His early pio-neer roots encouraged a work ethic and can-do attitude that propelled his life-long love of learning and invention. From a very young age, he imagined and later implemented scientific de-signs, including a machine to convert electric power in his family home and a tamper-proof lock, but it was in a high school chemistry class in Rigby, ID, that he began to sketch an idea for a vacuum tube that would forever change the media and entertainment land-scape. Farnsworth’s sketch was the blueprint for what would eventually become the modern-day television. Farnsworth had a special knack for taking big ideas from paper to prac-tice—first, as a student at Brigham Young University, then later as a busi-nessman. He didn’t just stop with tele-vision. In fact, his scientific mind made great inroads in other areas of advancement, including sterilizing milk using radio waves. In later years, Farnsworth continued research in further technologies, in-cluding radar, the infrared telescope, and nuclear fusion. In fact, in 1967, he moved back to Utah to run a fusion lab at Brigham Young University, which was later relocated to Salt Lake City operating as the Philo T. Farnsworth Association. Unfortunately, Farnsworth had to endure legal battles throughout his ca-reer regarding patent claims. He also faced great financial hardship. He passed away from pneumonia on March 11, 1971, in Salt Lake City, UT, just as having a home television set became the norm in most American house-holds. Sadly, Farnsworth did not live to see the full impact of his revolu-tionary invention, but his influence lives on. Whether you are gathering friends to watch the latest playoff game, laugh-ing at a comedy series, or keeping up-dated on what is happening in the world, your life has been touched in one way or another by Philo T. Farnsworth. Who would have thought that the rough sketches of a day-dreaming schoolboy would one day change the world? Utah is proud of its native son, Philo T. Farnsworth. He was not only the ‘‘Father of Television’’ but truly one of the most brilliant minds and creative innovators of the 20th century. His statue will be missed here in the Cap-itol, but through his singular inven-tion, Farnsworth’s influence in our daily lives will be ever present. Farnsworth’s statue has rep-resented—and will continue to rep-resent—the honor and appreciation Utahns have for his monumental life achievements. His image has honorably served our State well for almost three decades, and I am hopeful it will find the right home. It has been a pleasure sharing the Capitol with the image of Philo T. Farnsworth. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, while my vote would not have changed the outcome, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to invoke cloture on the Toomey amendment. I was questioning nominees at the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee hearing on nomina-tions at the time of the vote. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, the Senate adopted amendment No. 2276 to H.R. 5515 by voice vote, though I opposed this amendment and would have voted against it. This amendment would fur-ther study the feasibility of estab-lishing a permanent U.S. troop pres-ence in Poland. We should be looking at where we can reduce our footprint abroad, not where we can expand it. As our government continues to pile up debt, we should be asking our NATO al-lies to step up and prioritize their own defense. The more that we assume the security burden, as this amendment would do, the less incentive these coun-tries will have to contribute their share toward our mutual defense. (At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD ,) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 124 on the motion to invoke cloture on amendment No. 2282, as modified, to H.R. 5515, the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. On vote No. 124, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture. Mr. President, I was also necessarily absent for vote No. 125 on amendment No. 2885. On vote No. 125, had I been present, I would have voted yea on amendment No. 2885. Mr. President, I was also necessarily absent for vote No. 126 on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 5515, as amended. On vote No. 126, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 5515, as amended.∑ TRIBUTE TO MELISSA BONINE Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise to recognize an excellent member of my staff, Melissa Bonine, who is moving on to a new challenge. For the past year, Melissa has coordinated daily operations in my office, helping to create order out of the chaos of my schedules. Having worked for Congressman Rick Boucher, Senator Jim Webb, and Sec-retary Castro at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Me-lissa has many friends on Capitol Hill, and she was an immediate asset to my office. With a cool head under pressure and excellent diplomatic skills, Melissa has kept the trains running on time and put out the occasional fire. She has worked with the rest of my staff to manage priorities and coordinate each day efficiently while assisting in long- term planning. Our entire team will miss her counsel and sense of humor. I am sure she will make a tremendous impact on her next project, an exciting new advocacy group where she will continue to fight for progressive values. I hope her new job will also give her some more time with her husband, David, daughter, Penny, and cats, Rex and Willie Nel-son, and I look forward to hearing about the extraordinary work she does next. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLE SHERMAN ∑Mr. DAINES, Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Nicole Sherman of Roosevelt County for her dedication to the Sherman Inn in Wolf Point. Nicole began her career at the Sher-man Inn in eighth grade where she served as a waitress. At the time, both of her parents worked at the Inn. A few years later, her parents bought the Inn, and she joined the family business full time following school. Today, Nicole is the general manager of the hotel and runs it with her sister- in-law. They pride themselves on being a family-owned and operated business, one that gives back to the community frequently. The Sherman Inn sponsors any events they can around the com-munity. Nicole is focused on offering a great experience for her customers. Whether they are visitors from all over the country or locals looking for a good meal, she strives to provide a memo-rable experience to her customers. She instills this mentality in the business through the 45 hard-working employees that the Sherman Inn employs. I congratulate Nicole on her success in the business. The community of Wolf Point is stronger with the staple that is the Sherman Inn, and that would not be possible without Nicole’s passion for the business.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.026 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3949 June 14, 2018 
REMEMBERING EDDIE FUNG ∑Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, Cali-fornia and the nation lost a trailblazer and a war hero. Mr. Eddie Fung served our country bravely throughout his tour with the Army National Guard as part of the 2nd Battalion, 131st Field Artillery of the 36th Infantry Division, including 3
1⁄2years in a Japanese pris-oners of war camp. Mr. Fung will be buried with full military honors at Cy-press Lawn Memorial Park in Colma, CA, on June 20, 2018. Born in San Francisco in 1922, Eddie left home at 16 to become a cowboy in Texas. He joined the National Guard at 17, and his unit was activated in No-vember 1941 as part of the 2nd Bat-talion, 131st Field Artillery of the 36th Infantry Division that was sent to Java, now part of Indonesia, to fight the invading Japanese in the early months of WWII. Eddie became the only Chinese- American soldier captured by Imperial Japan during World War II. His bat-talion was known as the Lost Bat-talion, as it was not until near the end of the war that there was any news of what happened to the men. Of the 558 men and officers who land-ed on Java on January 11, 1942, 534 be-came prisoners of war, POWs. Ninety- nine were sent to Japan to be slave la-borers at Japanese factories and mines, and 435, including Eddie, were sent to work on the Thai-Burma ‘‘Death’’ Rail-way that was made famous by the film ‘‘The Bridge on the River Kwai.’’ Eddie endured nearly 4 years of grueling work, near-starvation, beatings, and tropical diseases as he worked on the infamous railroad project that resulted in the loss of over 12,000 Allied POW and 70,000 Asian lives. Eighty-nine of the men from the battalion died in cap-tivity. Although Eddie said his capture was a defining moment in his life, the hor-rific experience is just one aspect of his long and rich life. It includes his Chi-nese-American upbringing and his life after the war, when he studied chem-istry at Stanford University on the GI bill. He also worked as a metallurgist at the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory and became a Tai Chi master after re-tirement. As he concluded in his autobiog-raphy, ‘‘The Adventures of Eddie Fung: Chinatown Kid, Texas Cowboy, Pris-oner of War,’’ University of Wash-ington Press: ‘‘Taking my life as a whole, I’ve had many more good days than I’ve had bad ones. But even the bad days serve a purpose. They remind me of how good I have it now, in the sense that if you have never known hunger, you will not appreciate food; if you have never been enslaved, you will not appreciate what it means to be free.’’ Eddie Fung is a hero and a role model, and we will miss his vibrant spirit. The thoughts of San Francis-cans and Californians are with his wife, Judy Yung of Santa Cruz.∑ REMEMBERING KITTIE MOORE WILSON ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, it is with great sadness that I recognize the passing of Kittie Moore Wilson, of New London, NH. Today, I wish to celebrate the life of Kittie and her service to New Hamp-shire. While Kittie was born in Bangor, ME, she spent a majority of her life as a Granite Stater. She attended Epsom High School and then went to Plym-outh State University, as well as the University of Connecticut. After grad-uating, Kittie taught third grade for 15 years at Kearsarge Regional School District before going on to oversee and teach the Mindstretch Program throughout the entire district for the next 16 years. Known affectionately as the Loon Lady, Kittie had a deep love of the en-vironment and was dedicated to pro-tecting loons and conserving Pleasant Lake in New Hampshire. For her work and her passion, she received the Loon Preservation Committee’s Spirit of the Loon Award and the EPA’s Meritorious Lifetime Achievement Award. During my time as Governor of New Hampshire, I had the pleasure of work-ing with Kittie and the Loon Preserva-tion Committee on SB 89, legislation that helped to protect our loon popu-lation from deadly lead poisoning and to preserve an important part of our State’s natural beauty that helps drive our economy. Kittie is survived by her husband of 29 years, John, her brother Michael Moore and his family, her sister Karen Johnson and her family, her stepson Jeb Wilson, and her Scottish Terriers Aberfeldy and Macallan. I join with Kittie’s friends and fam-ily, and many people across the Gran-ite State in remembering and honoring her legacy.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHRISTOPHER T. BACON ∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I was deeply saddened to learn of the loss last week of Christopher T. Bacon, a beloved husband, father, resident of my State of North Dakota, and an agent with the Customs and Border Protec-tion, CBP, Office of Intelligence. Chris was a wonderful person. His ca-reer and service make it clear that he was a man who was guided by strong values and commitment to service. Through his actions, he embodied our Nation’s tradition of serving others, dedicating his energy to protecting families all across our Nation. He was born in San Antonio, TX, and traveled all over our Nation and world. He started his service in the Army and joined CBP in 1995 as a border patrol agent. He advanced through the ranks during his 22 years with the agency. His final posting was as an intelligence collection operations manager, sta-tioned at the National Air Security Op-erations Center in Grand Forks, ND. Our Nation, my State, and his family were all fortunate to have him in our midst. He raised a great family and will always be remembered by his col-leagues, friends, and neighbors. Through his courage, skill, and com-mitment, he has left his community and Nation a better and safer place for all who follow. My heart goes out to his wife, Rhonda, and his children, Kristen, Christopher, Jr., Jake, and Jasmine, in this time of grief. On behalf of my own family and the State of North Dakota, I extend my sincere condolences to Chris’s family, friends, and colleagues. I pray that all who knew him can find comfort in their memories of Chris and the positive impact he had on so many lives.∑ f 
REMEMBERING RED SCHOENDIENST ∑Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I rise today in remembrance of one of St. Louis’s, the State of Missouri’s, and baseball’s great treasures, Hall of Fame Cardinal Red Schoendienst. Red played 15 seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals, made 10 All-Star teams, and was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989. Red passed last week at his home in Town and Country, MO, just outside of St. Louis, at the age of 95. He had been the oldest living mem-ber of the Hall of Fame. Born Albert Fred Schoendienst 40 miles east of St. Louis in Germantown, IL, Red would make a big impact on the city and the sport of baseball. Red’s father, a coal miner who played sandlot ball, got him hooked on the game. After leaving school, Red joined the Civilian Conservation Corps, where he nearly lost his eye in an accident. He also faced chronic shoulder pain, but stuck with the game. In 1942, he hitch-hiked to St. Louis for Cardinals try-outs and made the team. After a stand-out minor league career and a period of Army service, Red played his first Big League game in 1945. Red played second base for nearly his entire career, leading the National League in fielding percentage seven times. He was such a talented fielder that his teammate and longtime friend, Cardinal legend Stan Musial, once said, ‘‘He had the greatest pair of hands I’ve ever seen.’’ Red wasn’t too shabby at the plate either. He batted over .300 in five sea-sons as a switch-hitter. Unfortunately, Red’s only World Series victory came in 1957 with Hank Aaron and the Mil-waukee Braves, not the Cardinals, but we will not hold that against him. While playing for Milwaukee, Red faced another health challenge. He was diagnosed with tuberculosis and had to have part of a lung removed. Still, Red was a fighter, and just as he overcame his eye and shoulder injuries, he came back to play with the Braves before finishing his career as a Cardinal in 1963. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.013 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3950 June 14, 2018 
After Red’s retirement from playing, he wasn’t done being a Cardinal. Red became the Cardinals’ manager in 1965 and skippered the team until 1976. Under his leadership, the Cardinals won two pennants and beat the Boston Red Sox in the 1967 World Series. Red remained a part of the organization until his passing. All counted, Red spent 70 years as a part of Major League Baseball, and left his mark on the game. Not only was Red a Hall of Fame player and man-ager, he was a fan favorite and a re-vered teammate. His teammates al-ways spoke of how he loved the game, and how they loved playing with him. I wish to offer my condolences to Red’s family, including his brother, four children, eight grandchildren, and seven great-grandchildren. I know that they will remember Red fondly, as will Cardinals fans and baseball fans every-where.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:09 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 1091. An act to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2147. An act to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. H.R. 4635. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes. H.R. 4655. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the importation or transportation of child sex dolls, and for other purposes. H.R. 5294. An act to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on economic development in Appa-lachia, and for other purposes. H.R. 5752. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the importation of certain drugs, and for other purposes. H.R. 5889. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to dissemi-nate information, resources, and if re-quested, technical assistance to early child-hood care and education providers and pro-fessionals working with young children on ways to properly recognize and respond to children who may be impacted by trauma re-lated to substance abuse. H.R. 5890. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide as-sistance to States in complying with, and implementing, certain provisions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act in order to promote better protec-tions for young children and family-centered responses, and for other purposes. H.R. 5891. An act to establish an inter-agency task force to improve the Federal re-sponse to families impacted by substance abuse disorders. H.R. 5892. An act to establish an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace. H.R. 6029. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program, and for other purposes. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3331. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of in-centive payments for behavioral health pro-viders for adoption and use of certified elec-tronic health record technology; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 4635. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4655. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the importation or transportation of child sex dolls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. H.R. 5294. An act to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on economic development in Appa-lachia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 5752. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the importation of certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5889. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to dissemi-nate information, resources, and if re-quested, technical assistance to early child-hood care and education providers and pro-fessionals working with young children on ways to properly recognize and respond to children who may be impacted by trauma re-lated to substance abuse; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5890. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide as-sistance to States in complying with, and implementing, certain provisions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act in order to promote better protec-tions for young children and family-centered responses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5891. An act to establish an inter-agency task force to improve the Federal re-sponse to families impacted by substance abuse disorders; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5892. An act to establish an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 6029. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, June 14, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: S. 1869. An act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordi-nator. S. 2246. An act to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5530. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a six-month periodic report relative to the continuation of the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was originally de-clared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5531. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘2018 Corrosion Prevention Report’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5532. A communication from the Chair of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Medicaid and CHIP’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5533. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, three (3) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5534. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Oc-tober 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5535. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary and Director, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Home-land Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 13, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5536. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Higher Volume Port Area - State of Wash-ington’’ ((RIN1625–AB75) (Docket No. USCG– 2011–0576)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–246. A resolution adopted by the Lau-derdale Lakes City Commission, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida congratulating students par-ticipating in the science, technology, engi-neering and mathematics (STEM) program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.011 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3951 June 14, 2018 
at Benjamin Banneker Academic High School for being finalists in a National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) competition and for developing a method to purify lead-contaminated water in school drinking fountains; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. DAINES, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3071. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–274). By Mr. MORAN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3072. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–275). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3073. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–276). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 1496. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. S. 2549. A bill to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. H.R. 2673. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Of-fice’’. S. 2692. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3183. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. H.R. 4301. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4406. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4463. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4574. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memo-rial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4646. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Ala-bama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4685. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4722. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4840. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Allen Cothrel Winsor, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the North-ern District of Florida. Patrick R. Wyrick, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. Charles L. Goodwin, of Hawaii, to be United States Marshal for the District of Ha-waii for the term of four years. R. Don Ladner, Jr., of Florida, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Florida for the term of four years. Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, of Texas, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas for the term of four years. Gadyaces S. Serralta, of Florida, to be United States Marshal for the Southern Dis-trict of Florida for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 3065. A bill to prohibit States from sus-pending, revoking, or denying State-issued professional licenses or issuing penalties due to student default; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. I SAK-
SON): S. 3066. A bill to amend the General Edu-cation Provisions Act to allow the release of education records to facilitate the award of a recognized postsecondary credential; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3067. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit nurse practi-tioners and physician assistants to satisfy the documentation requirement under the Medicare program for coverage of certain shoes for individuals with diabetes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3068. A bill to require the purchase of do-mestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3069. A bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to modify the terms of the Jackson Gulch rehabilita-tion project in Colorado, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. JONES ): S. 3070. A bill to reform the living will process under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3071. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. MORAN: S. 3072. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 3073. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 3074. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to provide for studies and reports relating to the impact of legislation on spending on children, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 3075. A bill to amend title 31 of the United States Code to require that Federal children’s programs be separately displayed and analyzed in the President’s budget; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 3076. A bill to establish a national com-mission on the Federal response to the 2017 natural disasters in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 3077. A bill to provide for certain con-tracting requirements to promote fair and safe workplaces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EE, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. C
RUZ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.024 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3952 June 14, 2018 
S. Res. 547. A resolution designating June 19, 2018, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN ): S. Res. 548. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that high performance buildings improve the quality of life for mil-lions of individuals, produce a more resilient and sustainable world for current and future generations, reduce operating costs, and im-prove the productivity, comfort, and health of occupants, and designating the week of June 11 through June 15, 2018, as ‘‘High Per-formance Building Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M URPHY , and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. Res. 549. A resolution designating June 15, 2018, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. R UBIO): S. Con. Res. 40. A concurrent resolution recognizing the close relationship between the United States and Taiwan and the impor-tant role of the American Institute in Tai-wan in strengthening such relationship; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 308 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 308, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require applica-ble manufacturers to include informa-tion regarding payments made to phy-sician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other advance practice nurses in transparency reports submitted under section 1128G of such Act. 
S. 519 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 519, a bill to amend the Safe Water Drinking Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish max-imum contaminant levels for certain contaminants, and for other purposes. 
S. 781 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Alas-ka (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 781, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care services in response to a disaster. 
S. 1092 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1092, a bill to protect the right of law-abiding citi-zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions. S. 1401 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1401, a bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to address lead contami-nation in school drinking water. 
S. 2000 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2000, a bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to improve transparency under the national primary drinking water regulations for lead and copper, and for other purposes. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and serv-ice to the United States. 
S. 2430 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2430, a bill to provide a permanent appropriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and related benefits for survivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed appropriations. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
AR-
REN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide advanced no-tice to Congress before changing any questions on the decennial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2584, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2597, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hos-pitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2712 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2712, a bill to amend the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 to establish a farm and ranch stress assistance network, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Sen-ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2835, a bill to re-quire a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2884 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2884, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to de-velop a standard letter format to be provided to individuals who are in-debted to the United States by virtue of their participation in benefits pro-grams administered by the Secretary, to provide notice of debt by electronic means to such individuals when so elected, and for other purposes. 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2979, a bill to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act 1974. 
S. 2986 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2986, a bill to award grants to States to support efforts at institu-tions of higher education to increase degree attainment, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3036 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.018 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3953 June 14, 2018 
Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3036, a bill to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry. 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legislative improvements for the live-stock, insect, and agricultural com-modities transport industries, and for other purposes. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail ship-ments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail. At the request of Mr. P
ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3057, supra. 
S. 3058 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3058, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the re-quirement that the taxpayer’s basis in a building be reduced by the amount of the rehabilitation credit determined with respect to such building. 
S. RES. 355 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 355, a resolution im-proving procedures for the consider-ation of nominations in the Senate. 
S. RES. 435 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 435, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repres-sive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine. 
S. RES. 526 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 526, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that politicians should not interfere with a woman’s personal health care decisions or at-tempt to prevent providers from offer-ing their full medical recommenda-tions to their patients. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2411 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2411 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2630 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2630 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2632 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2632 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2759 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2759 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2799 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2799 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2805 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2805 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2886 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2886 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2895 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2895 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3067. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit nurse practitioners and physician as-sistants to satisfy the documentation requirement under the Medicare pro-gram for coverage of certain shoes for individuals with diabetes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce legislation with my colleague from Ohio, Senator S
HERROD  B
ROWN , that would remove an unneces-sary, outdated barrier for Medicare beneficiaries managing diabetes. Our legislation would allow physician as-sistants (PAs) and nurse practitioners (NPs) to satisfy the Medicare docu-mentation requirement certifying a pa-tient’s need for therapeutic, or dia-betic, shoes, which will improve access to care, reduce barriers to proper dia-betic management, and help to reduce the prevalence of costly complications that can arise if diabetic symptoms are not managed properly. This bipartisan bill, the Promoting Access to Diabetic Shoes Act, is a companion to H.R. 1617 from my fellow Diabetes Caucus Co- Chair, Representative T
OMREED of New York, which has growing support on both sides of the aisle in the House. As the founder and co-chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I have worked since the very beginning of my Senate service to increase awareness of the threats posed by diabetes, invest in re-search, and improve access to treat-ment options for the over 30 million Americans, including twelve million seniors, who suffer from diabetes. In addition to the human toll, diabetes is also the most expensive chronic illness in the country. A new American Diabe-tes Association report released in March titled, ‘‘Economic Costs of Dia-betes in the U.S. in 2017,’’ found that the direct and indirect costs of diag-nosed diabetes in the U.S. cost $327 bil-lion in 2017, which is a 26 percent in-crease in just the last five years. Preventable complications con-tribute enormously to the influx of dol-lars being spent on diabetic care and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.021 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3954 June 14, 2018 
management. Today, more than one in five health care dollars and one in three Medicare dollars are spent on care for people with diabetes. Under the current Medicare statute, physician assistants or nurse practi-tioners are required to refer their pa-tients with diabetes to a physician in order to certify the patient’s need for therapeutic shoes, which often results in delays in treatment and added costs. The Promoting Access to Diabetic Shoes Act would fix this problem by al-lowing nurse practitioners and physi-cian assistants to certify a Medicare beneficiary’s need for therapeutic shoes, which will improve timeliness and access to care while reducing costs. Therapeutic shoes are a cost effec-tive, preventive treatment option in-tended to avoid the costly complica-tions that can arise if maintenance of diabetic care is delayed or unavailable. Types of complications that can result from unmanaged diabetic symptoms include poor circulation, infections, and foot ulcers that can require hos-pitalization, or even result in the am-putation of toes, feet, or legs. In addition to preventable complica-tions and additional costs that can re-sult from delays in treatment, the cur-rent documentation requirement under Medicare can also disrupt the trusted patient-provider relationship many pa-tients have with an NP or PA. Current statute requires the certifying physi-cian to be a patient’s provider for dia-betic care moving forward, which is often in conflict with a patient’s pref-erence. Moreover, in rural areas, in-cluding many parts of my home state of Maine, access to diabetic manage-ment though a PA or NP is not only necessary, but it is sometimes unavoid-able due to the shortage of primary care providers in the area. Maine alone has 68 designated Health Professional Shortage Areas for primary care prac-titioners. These health care profes-sionals are already providing acces-sible, high quality diabetic care across the country. In fact, a March 2018 arti-cle in the American Journal of Medi-cine concluded that PAs and NPs are able to perform as well as physicians in the management of diabetes at diag-nosis through the first five years of fol-low-up care. Stephanie Podolski, President of the Maine Association of Physician Assist-ants, which represents over 700 PAs in Maine, reiterated these points and the importance of the physician assistant profession in diabetes management in a letter of support for our bill saying, ‘‘In a State like Maine, there are many rural communities that at times are served only by a PA as a primary care provider (PCP). The inability to order diabetic shoes is an outdated barrier to care that impacts both middle-aged and older Americans who frequently live in areas facing provider short-ages.’’ The Promoting Access to Diabetic Shoes Act is endorsed by the American Association of Nurse Practitioners, the American Academy of Physician As-sistants, and the American Podiatric Medical Association. I am pleased to join Senator B
ROWN in introducing the Promoting Access to Diabetic Shoes Act, which will improve access to dia-betic care, and I encourage my col-leagues to support its adoption. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 547—DESIG-NATING JUNE 19, 2018, AS ‘‘JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY’’ IN RECOGNITION OF JUNE 19, 1865, THE DATE ON WHICH SLAVERY LEGALLY CAME TO AN END IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
EE, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 547 Whereas news of the end of slavery did not reach the frontier areas of the United States, in particular the State of Texas and the other Southwestern States, until months after the conclusion of the Civil War, more than 2
1⁄2years after President Abraham Lin-coln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863; Whereas, on June 19, 1865, Union soldiers, led by Major General Gordon Granger, ar-rived in Galveston, Texas, with news that the Civil War had ended and that the enslaved were free; Whereas African-Americans who had been slaves in the Southwest celebrated June 19, commonly known as ‘‘Juneteenth Independ-ence Day’’, as inspiration and encourage-ment for future generations; Whereas African-Americans from the Southwest have continued the tradition of observing Juneteenth Independence Day for over 150 years; Whereas 45 States and the District of Co-lumbia have designated Juneteenth Inde-pendence Day as a special day of observance in recognition of the emancipation of all slaves in the United States; Whereas Juneteenth Independence Day celebrations have been held to honor Afri-can-American freedom while encouraging self-development and respect for all cultures; Whereas the faith and strength of char-acter demonstrated by former slaves and the descendants of former slaves remain an ex-ample for all people of the United States, re-gardless of background, religion, or race; Whereas slavery was not officially abol-ished until the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in December 1865; and Whereas, over the course of its history, the United States has grown into a symbol of de-mocracy and freedom around the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 19, 2018, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’; (2) recognizes the historical significance of Juneteenth Independence Day to the United States; (3) supports the continued nationwide cele-bration of Juneteenth Independence Day to provide an opportunity for the people of the United States to learn more about the past and to better understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and (4) recognizes that the observance of the end of slavery is part of the history and her-itage of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 548—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT HIGH PERFORM-ANCE BUILDINGS IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF LIFE FOR MILLIONS OF INDIVIDUALS, PRODUCE A MORE RESILIENT AND SUSTAIN-ABLE WORLD FOR CURRENT AND FUTURE GENERATIONS, REDUCE OPERATING COSTS, AND IM-PROVE THE PRODUCTIVITY, COMFORT, AND HEALTH OF OC-CUPANTS, AND DESIGNATING THE WEEK OF JUNE 11 THROUGH JUNE 15, 2018, AS ‘‘HIGH PER-FORMANCE BUILDING WEEK’’ Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 548 Whereas the term ‘‘high performance building’’ is defined in section 401 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17061) as ‘‘a building that inte-grates and optimizes on a life cycle basis all major high performance attributes, includ-ing energy conservation, environment, safe-ty, security, durability, accessibility, cost- benefit, productivity, sustainability, functionality, and operational consider-ations’’; Whereas, because individuals spend ap-proximately 90 percent of their time indoors and buildings are the single largest con-sumer of energy and water in the United States, built environments have a vast im-pact on virtually all aspects of life and na-tional security in the United States; Whereas the United States benefits techno-logically, economically, and environ-mentally from innovative technologies de-veloped for use in high performance build-ings; Whereas research and programs that are supported by government entities and pri-vate industry and relate to high performance buildings benefit the United States and indi-viduals in the United States; and Whereas investing in resilient and robust building systems protects individuals and businesses in the United States from the im-pacts of man-made disasters and natural dis-asters, such as hurricanes, snowstorms, tor-nadoes, wildland fires, floods, and earth-quakes: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of June 11 through June 15, 2018, as ‘‘High Performance Building Week’’; and (2) supports efforts to— (A) improve the performance of existing and future buildings through— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.035 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3955 June 14, 2018 
(i) the adoption of best practices and vol-untary consensus standards relating to com-mercial and residential buildings; and (ii) participation by interested parties in— (I) government programs, including those at the Office of Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy of the Department of En-ergy; (II) public-private partnerships; and (III) private initiatives; (B) create awareness of the beneficial im-pacts that high performance buildings have on communities, including reductions in op-erating costs, improvements in the health and productivity of occupants of high per-formance buildings, and enhancements in community resiliency; (C) encourage interested parties to engage in dialogues on innovative policies and pro-grams relating to the build environment that address needs relating to resiliency, workforce development, and energy and water efficiency; (D) support investment in research and programs that incentivize investments in high performance commercial and residen-tial buildings, as investment in high per-formance buildings is in the overall interests of the United States; and (E) invest in training and education for, and celebrate the work of, engineers, archi-tects, builders, code officials, tradespeople, design professionals, laborers, and others in the construction industry who work to ad-vance high performance buildings. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 549—DESIG-NATING JUNE 15, 2018, AS ‘‘WORLD ELDER ABUSE AWARE-NESS DAY’’ Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M URPHY , and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 549 Whereas the Federal Government esti-mates that more than 1 in 10 persons over the age of 60 are victims of elder abuse each year; Whereas abuse, neglect, and exploitation of older adults in the United States are uniden-tified and unreported because of an inability to report or a fear of reporting; Whereas only 1 in 14 cases of financial abuse of older adults is reported; Whereas at least $2,900,000,000 is taken from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation; Whereas elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation have no boundaries and cross all ra-cial, social, class, gender, and geographic lines; Whereas older adults who are abused are 3 times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused; Whereas 
1⁄2of all older adults with demen-tia will experience abuse; Whereas providing unwanted medical treatment can be a form of elder abuse and exploitation; Whereas there is evidence of an increase in elder abuse, neglect, and financial exploi-tation linked to individuals with opioid ad-diction; Whereas the Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act (34 U.S.C. 21701 et seq.) was signed into law on October 18, 2017, but there is still more that can be done to stop elder abuse; Whereas financial abuse of older adults has consistently been one of the top 10 com-plaints made each year to the fraud hotline of the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate; Whereas public awareness has the poten-tial to increase the identification and report-ing of elder abuse by the public, profes-sionals, and victims, and can act as a cata-lyst to promote issue-based education and long-term prevention; Whereas private individuals and public agencies must work together on the Federal, State, and local levels to combat increasing occurrences of abuse, neglect, exploitation, crime, and violence against vulnerable older adults and vulnerable adults, particularly in light of limited resources for vital protective services; and Whereas 2018 is the 13th anniversary of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 15, 2018, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; (2) recognizes judges, lawyers, adult pro-tective services professionals, law enforce-ment officers, long-term care ombudsmen, social workers, health care providers, profes-sional guardians, advocates for victims, and other professionals and agencies for efforts to advance awareness of elder abuse; and (3) encourages members of the public and professionals who work with older adults to act as catalysts to promote awareness and long-term prevention of elder abuse by reaching out to local adult protective serv-ices agencies, long-term care ombudsman programs, and the National Center on Elder Abuse, and by learning to recognize, detect, report, and respond to elder abuse. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 40—RECOGNIZING THE CLOSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAI-WAN AND THE IMPORTANT ROLE OF THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN TAIWAN IN STRENGTHENING SUCH RELATIONSHIP Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 40 Whereas Taiwan is— (1) a free, democratic, and prosperous na-tion of 23,000,000 people; and (2) an important contributor to peace and stability around the world; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.)— (1) states that it is the policy of the United States ‘‘to preserve and promote extensive, close, and friendly commercial, cultural, and other relations between the people of the United States and the people of Taiwan’’; (2) states ‘‘Programs, transactions, and other relations conducted or carried out by the President or any agency of the United States Government with respect to Taiwan shall, in the manner and to the extent di-rected by the President, be conducted and carried out by or through ... the American Institute in Taiwan’’; and (3) established the American Institute in Taiwan, which is responsible for— (A) managing unofficial United States relations with Taiwan; and (B) implementing United States policy toward Taiwan, including a wide range of activities such as commercial services, ag-ricultural sales, consular services, and cul-tural exchanges; Whereas the 3 pillars of the American In-stitute in Taiwan’s mission are— (1) security and defense cooperation; (2) commercial and economic relations; and (3) people-to-people ties; Whereas the American Institute in Tai-wan— (1) will open its new office complex in Tai-pei on June 12, 2018, which— (A) consists of 14,934 square meters of of-fice space constructed at a cost of $250,000,000, underscoring the United States’ commitment to its relationship with Taiwan; (B) will allow all of its sections and oper-ations in Taipei to be co-located in a mod-ern, secure, and energy efficient facility; (C) was built with a combination of ma-terials from the United States and Taiwan; (D) will be staffed by a workforce of ap-proximately 500 employees from the United States, Taiwan, and other countries; and (E) will host a permanent ‘‘Art in AIT’’ collection of works by United States and Taiwan artists that embodies the artistic and cultural confluences of innumerable person-to-person ties that link Taiwan and the United States; (2) also has a branch office in Kaohsiung, which has more than 30 employees; and (3) processed 34,000 visas in 2017; Whereas President Tsai Ing-wen visited the American Institute of Taiwan on May 15, 2018 and plans to attend its official opening on June 12, 2018; Whereas since the election of President Tsai Ing-wen in 2016, the Government of the People’s Republic of China has intensified its efforts to exclude Taiwan from international organizations; Whereas in the 1994 Taiwan Policy Review, the United States declared its intention to support Taiwan’s participation in appro-priate international organizations; Whereas Taiwan is a full member of the World Trade Organization, the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, and the Asian Development Bank; Whereas according to the Department of State, ‘‘the United States supports Taiwan’s membership in international organizations that do not require statehood as a condition of membership and encourages Taiwan’s meaningful participation in international or-ganizations where its membership is not pos-sible’’; Whereas Taiwan maintains full diplomatic relations with 18 nations around the world; Whereas on February 28, 2018, the United States Senate unanimously passed the Tai-wan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135), which was signed into law on March 16, 2018, declar-ing that it should be the policy of the United States to allow officials at all levels of the United States Government to visit Taiwan in their official capacities; and Whereas the United States National Secu-rity Strategy, which was released in Decem-ber 2017, states: ‘‘We will maintain our strong ties with Taiwan in accordance with our ‘One China’ policy, including our com-mitments under the Taiwan Relations Act to provide for Taiwan’s legitimate defense needs and deter coercion.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) welcomes the opening of the new Amer-ican Institute of Taiwan office in Taipei, which will— (A) cultivate the relationship between the United States and Taiwan; and (B) further demonstrate the United States’ commitment to bolstering its friendship and its commercial and defense partnership with Taiwan; (2) recognizes that the American Institute of Taiwan— (A) reflects the democratic values shared by the United States and Taiwan; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.031 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3956 June 14, 2018 
(B) represents close cooperation on emerg-ing regional and global issues; (3) emphasizes that the new American In-stitute of Taiwan facility— (A) demonstrates a strong United States- Taiwan partnership; and (B) reflects the increasing depth of our un-official relationship; (4) expresses hope that the United States and Taiwan will continue to foster and seek new ways to build upon the robust relation-ship, facilitated through the American Insti-tute of Taiwan; and (5) urges the Executive Branch to fully im-plement the Taiwan Relations Act, the Tai-wan Travel Act, and other relevant policy di-rectives that strengthen the relationship be-tween the United States and Taiwan. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2902. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2903. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2904. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2905. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2906. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2907. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 503, commemorating the tricentennial of the City of San Antonio, Texas. SA 2908. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2902. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of section 1713, strike the clos-ing quotation marks and period and insert the following: ‘‘(4) D
ISCLOSURE BY CONGRESS .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prevent disclosure by either House of Congress.’’. 
SEC. 1714. INFORMATION SHARING BY CON-GRESS. 
Section 721(g)(2)(A) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(g)(2)(A)) is amended by striking the second sentence. 
SA 2903. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS; AGENCY STATE-MENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (b) R
EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public rec-ommendation of the Government Account-ability Office that has been designated, such as through a priority recommendation let-ter, by the Comptroller General of the United States or a designee thereof as war-ranting priority attention, and is further designated by the Government Account-ability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ as of the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; (2) a report listing each public rec-ommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action has been taken as of the date on which the annual budget jus-tification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommenda-tion that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as warranting priority attention and as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to im-plement, a detailed justification for the deci-sion; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation; (B) with respect to a public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not rec-ommended was taken with respect to each audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; and (D) an explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Accountability Office relating to public rec-ommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as war-ranting priority attention and as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’. (c) COPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information sub-mitted under subsection (b) to the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General of the agency. (d) T
IMELINE FOR AGENCY STATEMENTS .— Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. 
SA 2904. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed as au-thorizing the use of force against Iran. 
SA 2905. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1006. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SPENDING REDUCTIONS IN THE ABSENCE OF AN UNQUALIFIED AUDIT OPINION. 
If during any fiscal year after fiscal year 2022, the Secretary of Defense determines that a department, agency, or other element of the Department of Defense has not achieved an unqualified opinion on its full fi-nancial statements for the calendar year ending during such fiscal year— (1) the amount available to such depart-ment, agency, or element for the fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.030 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3957 June 14, 2018 
in which such determination is made shall be equal to— (A) the amount otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such department, agency, or element for the fiscal year; minus, in a man-ner taken proportionally from each program, project, and activity of such department, agency, or element (B) the lesser of— (i) an amount equal to 0.5 percent of the amount described in subparagraph (A); or (ii) $100,000,000; and (2) the Secretary shall deposit in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury for purposes of def-icit reduction all amounts unavailable to de-partments, agencies, and elements of the De-partment in the fiscal year pursuant to de-terminations made under paragraph (1). 
SA 2906. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 6202. 
SA 2907. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 503, commemo-rating the tricentennial of the City of San Antonio, Texas; as follows: 
Strike the 18th whereas clause and insert the following: Whereas San Antonio has been home to several notable individuals, including Presi-dent Dwight D. Eisenhower, President Lyn-don B. Johnson, President Theodore Roo-sevelt, Congressman David Crockett, Con-gressman Garlington Jerome Sutton, Gen-eral Douglas MacArthur, General Jimmy Doolittle, Colonel James Bowie, Lieutenant Colonel Ed White, Master Sergeant Raul Perez Benavidez, Charles Lindbergh, Joan Crawford, Johnny Cash, Rosita Fernandez, and Santiago Jimenez; 
SA 2908. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. DEBARMENT OF CONTRACTORS THAT FRAUDULENTLY MISREPRESENT STATUS FOR PURPOSES OF OBTAIN-ING CERTAIN SET ASIDE CON-TRACTS. 
(a) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4713. Debarment of contractors that fraud-ulently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any business concern that is determined by the head of an execu-tive agency to have willfully and inten-tionally misrepresented the status of that concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans or as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in accord-ance with section 8127 of title 38 or as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in ac-cordance with the Government-wide goals for procurement pursuant to section 15(g)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1) shall be debarred from contracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(b) PROCESS .—In the case of a debarment under subsection (a), the head of the execu-tive agency shall commence debarment ac-tion against the business concern by not later than 30 days after determining that the concern willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the status of the concern as described in subsection (a) and shall complete debar-ment actions against such concern by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In making a deter-mination under this section, the head of an executive agency shall, as appropriate, con-sult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The debarment of a business concern under subsection (a) in-cludes the debarment of all principals in the business concern for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 8127(l) of title 38. ‘‘(3) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: ‘‘4713. Debarment of contractors that fraudu-lently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts.’’. (b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 801, is further amended by inserting after section 2339a the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339b. Debarment of contractors that fraudulently misrepresent status for pur-poses of obtaining certain set aside con-tracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any business concern that is determined by the head of an agency to have willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the status of that concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in accord-ance with the Government-wide goals for procurement pursuant to section 15(g)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1) shall be debarred from contracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS .—In the case of a debarment under subsection (a), the head of the agency shall commence debarment action against the business concern by not later than 30 days after determining that the concern will-fully and intentionally misrepresented the status of the concern as described in sub-section (a) and shall complete debarment ac-tions against such concern by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .—In making a deter-mination under this section, the head of an agency shall, as appropriate, consult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The debarment of a business concern under subsection (a) in-cludes the debarment of all principals in the business concern for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 801, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 2339a the following new item: ‘‘2339b. Debarment of contractors that fraud-ulently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 4 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the National Telecommuni-cation and Information Administra-tion.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Korea, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an As-sistant Secretary (African Affairs), and David Schenker, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Near Eastern Affairs), all of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing on the following nominations: Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.038 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3958 June 14, 2018 
District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas, Gadyaces S. Serralta, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Florida, R. Don Ladner, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Florida, and Charles L. Goodwin, to be United States Marshal for the District of Hawaii, all of the Department of Justice. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a closed hearing. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Andrew Hamp-ton, an intern in Senator S
ULLIVAN ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my de-fense fellow, a U.S. Marine Corps offi-cer, Alexander Monte, be granted floor privileges for the length of the current debate on the National Defense Au-thorization Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE TRI-CENTENNIAL OF THE CITY OF SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 503. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 503) commemorating the tricentennial of the City of San Antonio, Texas. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the Cornyn amend-ment to the preamble be considered and agreed to, the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to, and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 503) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 2907) was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: To amend the preamble) Strike the 18th whereas clause and insert the following: Whereas San Antonio has been home to several notable individuals, including Presi-dent Dwight D. Eisenhower, President Lyn-don B. Johnson, President Theodore Roo-sevelt, Congressman David Crockett, Con-gressman Garlington Jerome Sutton, Gen-eral Douglas MacArthur, General Jimmy Doolittle, Colonel James Bowie, Lieutenant Colonel Ed White, Master Sergeant Raul Perez Benavidez, Charles Lindbergh, Joan Crawford, Johnny Cash, Rosita Fernandez, and Santiago Jimenez; 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 503 Whereas in 1718, the Mission San Antonio de Valero, the Presidio San Antonio de Bejar, and the Villa de Bejar were founded in the area that would become the City of San Antonio (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘San Antonio’’); Whereas in 1821, San Antonio became a part of the Mexican empire; Whereas in the Battle of the Alamo in 1836, Mexican forces led by General Lopez de Santa Anna stormed the Alamo and more than 200 United States colonists, Texians, and Tejanos died defending the future State of Texas; Whereas in 1836, the new government of the State of Texas formed the county govern-ment of Bexar, and made San Antonio the county seat of Bexar; Whereas in 1837, by action of the City Council, Ciudad San Antonio de Bejar was of-ficially renamed the City of San Antonio; Whereas the United States Army post at San Antonio was established in 1865, and is known today as Fort Sam Houston; Whereas in 1877, the first passenger train of the renamed Galveston, Harrisburg, and San Antonio railroad arrived in San Antonio; Whereas Brooks Air Force Base was built in 1917 in San Antonio and operated until closure in 2011; Whereas Kelly Field, also known as Kelly Air Force Base, was founded in 1917 and oper-ated until 2001, making it the oldest continu-ously operating air base in the United States; Whereas in 1931, Randolph Air Force Base began operating as a training facility in San Antonio and is now part of Joint Base San Antonio; Whereas in 1941, Lackland Air Force Base began operating as a training facility in San Antonio and is now part of Joint Base San Antonio; Whereas in 1968, San Antonio hosted a 6- month international exposition known as ‘‘HemisFair ’68’’, which welcomed more than 6,000,000 visitors from across the world; Whereas in 1973, San Antonio received the first and only major professional sports team of the city, the San Antonio Spurs, which has won a total of 5 National Basketball As-sociation championships; Whereas in 1987, Pope John Paul II became the first and only pontiff to visit the State of Texas and San Antonio; Whereas in 1992, the United States, Mexico, and Canada signed the North American Free Trade Agreement in San Antonio; Whereas in 2017, the United Nations Edu-cational, Scientific and Cultural Organiza-tion inscribed the 5 Spanish colonial mis-sions in San Antonio as a World Heritage Site; Whereas San Antonio is also called the Alamo City, the Mission City, and the River City, and was officially trademarked ‘‘Mili-tary City, USA’’ in 2017; Whereas San Antonio has been home to several notable individuals, including Presi-dent Dwight D. Eisenhower, President Lyn-don B. Johnson, President Theodore Roo-sevelt, Congressman David Crockett, Con-gressman Garlington Jerome Sutton, Gen-eral Douglas MacArthur, General Jimmy Doolittle, Colonel James Bowie, Lieutenant Colonel Ed White, Master Sergeant Raul Perez Benavidez, Charles Lindbergh, Joan Crawford, Johnny Cash, Rosita Fernandez, and Santiago Jimenez; Whereas San Antonio hosts one of the larg-est annual marches in the United States for Martin Luther King Jr. Day, with nearly 300,000 participants; Whereas San Antonio is the seventh larg-est city in the United States based on popu-lation; Whereas San Antonio contributes to the cultural life and historical understanding of the State of Texas through events such as— (1) Fiesta; (2) Luminaria; (3) the San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo; (4) the Armed Forces River Parade; and (5) the Texas Folk Life Festival; and Whereas during the first week of May, 2018— (1) San Antonio will honor and celebrate the tricentennial anniversary of the city; and (2) each day of that week will have a spe-cific focus, including a Day of Reflection, History & Education Day, Founders Day, Arts for All Day, Legacy Day, and Military Appreciation Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates 2018 as the year of the ‘‘San Antonio Tricentennial’’; and (2) honors the history and founding of the City of San Antonio, Texas. f 
JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 547, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 547) designating June 19, 2018, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 547) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.037 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3959 June 14, 2018 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 18, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until Monday, June 18; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I fur-ther ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 5515. I further ask that it be in order for Senator SANDERS or his des-ignee to raise a single Congressional Budget Act point of order that lay against amendment No. 2282 on the bill, as amended, and that a motion to waive then be considered to have been made and the Senate vote on the mo-tion without intervening action or de-bate; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on H.R. 5515, as amended, expire at 5:30 p.m., Monday, and the cloture motion filed today ripen following dis-position of H.R. 5515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JUNE 18, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:33 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 18, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.047 S14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE839 June 14, 2018 
HONORING ETHAN PIERCE FIELDS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Ethan Fields. Ethan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 251, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Ethan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Ethan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Ethan has become a warrior in the tribe of Mic-O–Say. Ethan has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project where he painted parking curbs in the St. Robert Bellarmine Catholic Church. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Ethan for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY UNIT 70 IN JUDITH GAP, MONTANA 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on Flag Day, to recognize American Legion Auxiliary Unit 70 in Judith Gap for its patriot-ism and successful efforts to honor our nation and flag. In 2014, the auxiliary unit teamed up with American Legion Post 70 to begin Flags on Main Street. Flags on Main Street is a grass-roots, community-driven project. The initial goal of the program was to mark patriotic holi-days with the American flag flying on every business, home, and building on the main street passing through Judith Gap. The ALA unit purchased flag holders and flags, and members went door-to-door to bring the pro-gram to life. Businesses and residents along the main street welcomed the unit’s patriotic spirit, and the people of Judith Gap began placing flag holders on prominent locations beyond the main corridor so that our flag could fly throughout the town on patriotic holidays. American Legion Post 70 coupled Flags on Main Street with their local flag education pro-gram. Flags on Main Street continues to enjoy widespread, enthusiastic support in Judith Gap. The flag of the United States of America is a symbol of freedom. Its stars and stripes rep-resent our founding, our republic, and our unity. As Ronald Reagan said, ‘‘The colors of our flag signify the qualities of the human spirit we Americans cherish. Red for courage and readiness to sacrifice; white for pure intentions and high ideals; and blue for vigilance and jus-tice.’’ It is my honor to recognize American Legion Auxiliary Unit 70 in Judith Gap for its patriot-ism, dedication to its community, and its spirit of Montana. f 
HONORING BRIAN D. PETERSEN 
HON. ROB BISHOP 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brian D. Petersen upon his re-tirement from over thirty-two years of dedi-cated service as a public school instructor pri-marily in the field of Choral Music from Bear River High School in Tremonton, Utah. Mr. Petersen is a native of Box Elder Coun-ty, Utah, and received a Master of Education and Bachelor of Arts in Choral Music from Utah State University. A talented and accom-plished vocalist, musician and composer, he has taught and mentored thousands of stu-dents over the course of his long career, in-cluding students from Mountain View High School in Orem, Utah, as well as Preston Idaho High School where he first began. For many years, Mr. Petersen was a mem-ber of the world-renowned Mormon Taber-nacle Choir, and has gained national recogni-tion for arranging and composing choral music, including arrangements used for pro-ductions associated with various veteran’s cer-emonial programs, as well as completing ar-rangements for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. He is a Member of the American Choral Directors Association, includ-ing service as President of the Utah Chapter from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Petersen has shown a willingness to share his talents to enrich the community and is often in demand as a per-former, conductor and a judge for choral music competitions nationwide. His career has demonstrated a high standard of profes-sionalism and caring for his craft which has undoubtedly blessed the lives of many people and will continue to do so. Mr. Petersen is a devoted husband to his wife, Carol Jean, the father of seven daugh-ters, and has ten grandchildren. It is fitting that we recognize and honor him today. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CAPTAIN SAMUEL SCHULTZ 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Samuel Schultz, a Marine, who was tragically killed April 3 in a helicopter accident during a training exercise in Southern California. Cap-tain Schultz was a six-year veteran of the Ma-rines and third generation in his family to be-come a pilot. His father is a licensed civilian pilot and his grandfather Albert flew with the Army Air Force in World War II. He died doing what he loved. A native of my district, Captain Schultz was born in Abington Hospital and graduated from Abington Senior High School in 2008. He went on to college at Penn State University where he enrolled in the Navy ROTC program. After graduating in 2012, Captain Schultz chose to join the Marine Corps and was assigned to the Third Marine Aircraft Wing’s 465th Squadron of Miramar Air Station in San Diego. He had also served in Florida, Texas, and North Caro-lina, and had also been deployed with the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit in California. He is an American hero. Captain Schultz was a smart, funny, gen-uine young man that loved extreme sports. An annual Mummer with his older brother Eric, Samuel is also survived by his parents Julie and Mitchell. My heart goes out to his family. Captain Samuel Schultz will be missed by all. We must never forget the sacrifices he and his family have made for our country. f 
HONORING MASTER SERGEANT BRENT P. SCHOL 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, as a former Com-mand Sergeant Major, I would like to take this time to recognize a fellow Non-Commissioned Officer who has dedicated his life to the United States Army and to this country. Mas-ter Sergeant Brent P. Schol will retire from the United States Army after a lifetime of service to this nation. Brent has been the epitome of a particular line in the Non-Commissioned Of-ficer Creed, which continues to inspire me to this day: ‘‘No one is more professional than I.’’ As part of a long, strong line of Non-Commis-sioned Officers dating back 243 years, Brent has done his part to be the backbone of our great Army by consistently doing the two things that we always ask of our NCOs: ac-complishing the mission and taking care of America’s sons and daughters. You can say that Master Sergeant Schol has ‘‘earned his spurs.’’ Throughout his ca-reer, he has served in every aspect on an M1A1/M1A2 Tank from Loader to Tank Com-mander. Other assignments have included Troop/Squadron Master Gunner, Squadron and Regimental Operations Non-Commis-sioned Officer, and Company/Troop First Ser-geant. He currently serves on the Cobra Team at the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, California as a Cavalry Troop Trainer and will retire from the Army on October 1, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JN8.001 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE840 June 14, 2018 
Brent is a native of Granada Hills, California and was born Sept 14, 1979. He entered the Army on Sept 8, 1998 and attended unit train-ing for armor crewmembers at Fort Knox, Ken-tucky. The units Brent served with are many. He has served with B Company and HHC, 1st Battalion, 34th Armor; HHC, 1st Battalion, 72nd Armor; A Troop, 1st Squadron, 11th Ar-mored Cavalry Regiment; H Troop, 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment; HHT, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment; D Company, 2nd Battalion, 9th Infantry Regi-ment; D Co and C Co, 1st Battalion, 68th Armor Regiment; HHBN, 4th Infantry Division; 7–10 and 2–1 CAV; and Operations Group National Training Center. His deployments have included a deployment to Kuwait in 2001 and to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Free-dom in 2003 and 2005. His military education includes the Basic Leader’s Course, Advanced Leader’s Course, Senior Leader’s Course, Air Assault School, Battle Staff Non-Commissioned Officer Course, and the M1A1 Master Gunner Course. His awards and decorations include the Bronze Star medal, three Meritorious Service medals, the Army Commendation Medal with Valor, six Army Commendation Medals, eight Army Achievement medals, National Defense Service Medal, Korea Defense Service Medal, Armed Force Expeditionary Medal, Iraq Cam-paign medal with 2 bronze stars, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Non-Commis-sioned Officer professional development rib-bon with numeral three, five Good Conduct Medals, three Overseas Service Ribbons, and two Meritorious Unit Citations. Brent is finishing his Master of Science in Military History from American Military Univer-sity and will be returning to Santa Clarita, CA upon retirement. Brent is married to the former Julie Anna Curtis and has one daughter named Madison. On this Army birthday, it seems fitting to say thank you to Master Sergeant Schol and his family and wish them good luck as they open a new chapter in their lives. ‘‘Centurions!’’ 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAVERICK M
CPEEK ON HIS TITLE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Maverick McPeek, a senior from Dakota High School, for earning the 220 pound Class IA title for the Illinois State Championship in Wrestling. Maverick McPeek defeated his opponent 3– 2 to claim his title as state champion, and I would like to recognize Maverick for his tre-mendous accomplishment. Maverick’s dedica-tion and passion for his sport meant that he was determined to win gold and cap off his season of 40 wins and 2 losses. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Ian is an example of the importance of dedica-tion and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent Dakota, Illinois throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Maverick McPeek on his state title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. f 
HONORING NURSE ENTREKIN 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fran Entrekin for her long career of medical service to the Gaines-ville community. For 50 years, Nurse Entrekin has served local children and families. She began her ca-reer as a medical assistant for Dr. Buddy Langston in 1968 and then became a pediatric nurse in that practice. She started to work for the Longstreet Clinic in 1995 and, in 2004, be-came the first nurse to work at the Longstreet Clinic’s Wee Care Office. This June, Nurse Entrekin will retire from the Longstreet Clinic, but not from caring for young people, as she plans to focus on her eight grandchildren. The legacy she leaves is one of passion and commitment. After caring for four genera-tions of families, Nurse Entrekin is beginning a new season. I am proud to honor Nurse Entrekin for the decades she has invested in Northeast Geor-gia patients and the compassion she has spread throughout our community as a whole. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOSEPH HARPER, JR. 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Mr. Joseph Harper, Jr. and recognize his contributions to the State of Connecticut and the Town of New Britain. Joe passed away on May 20, 2018 at the age of 70 after a long life of dedicated service to his community. Joe was born and raised in New Britain, Connecticut and was a lifelong public servant to our state. After graduating from the Univer-sity of Connecticut, Joe obtained a Master’s Degree in Public Administration and later earned another Master’s Degree in Inter-national Studies from Central Connecticut State University. Joe began his long public service career as an Alderman and mayoral aide for New Brit-ain, before serving an impressive 16 years in the Connecticut General Assembly. Joe was first elected to the State House of Representa-tives, serving 2 terms before being elected to the State Senate, where he served a further 6 terms. In the Senate, Joe was an essential member of the Appropriations Committee, where he served as co-chair and a key advo-cate for New Britain and the communities of Central Connecticut. After his retirement from the General Assembly, Joe continued to serve Connecticut by working as a Deputy State Treasurer, as a Vice President of Central Con-necticut State University, and as the Vice President of Government Relations at The Hospital for Special Care. Just as he worked with a dogged determina-tion throughout his distinguished career, Joe committed the latter years of his life to leading a healthy lifestyle. Through his years of hard work, Joe lost more than 450 pounds after leaving elected office. Mr. Speaker, Joe Harper led a remarkable career and enthusiastically lent his talents to improve New Britain and Connecticut. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor his life and memory here today. My condolences go out to his sister, Mary Ellen, and his family. Those of us who knew Joe will cherish his memory, and his legacy will live on in our community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 7, 2018, during consideration of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019, I recorded an erroneous vote on amendment number 26, offered by Ms. L
EEof California. I intended to vote yes on roll call vote number 247. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. JOHN’S UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST, SAN BRUNO 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the 100th anniversary of the found-ing of St. John’s United Church of Christ in San Bruno, California. This church has been a rock of comfort and hope for an entire century, and the community joins with me in extending these good wishes. San Bruno was incorporated as a city in 1914. St. John’s was founded soon thereafter by German immigrants and first met in the homes of its congregants or, a few years later, in Carpenter’s Hall. By 1920, the city of San Bruno had about 1,500 residents and by 1921 the congregation had outgrown its earlier loca-tions and a church building was erected. The congregation thrived. In the 1930’s, multiple orders of churches merged and ultimately formed the United Church of Christ. The motto of the new de-nomination was ‘‘That they may all be one.’’ Today, the congregants come from diverse ethnic backgrounds. Families from throughout the world, and even those who originally wor-shipped in different denominations, have joined to form the community of St. John’s United Church of Christ. The church participates in multiple chari-table activities, including providing disaster re-lief, offering contributions to St. Anthony’s Din-ing Room and to the San Francisco Night Min-istry. Its values of faith, love and inclusion lead the church to support all and to value each human being, no matter how little a person may have. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JN8.005 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE841 June 14, 2018 
In addition to meeting its charitable objec-tives, the church serves as the site of worship for three other churches. In the past, it also opened its doors to the Filipino Congregational Church of San Bruno. During the day, squeals of laughter from children can be heard in its hallways as they enjoy their lessons offered onsite by the California Montessori School. For the past 40 years, St. John’s has been led by Pastor Champion Traylor and his late wife, Pat. During weddings and funerals, weekly services and rallies for hope, through peaceful times and when our nation was at war, this couple gave comfort to their fellow citizens and offered guidance to all who sought it. Sometimes we lose track of the im-portance of ministry in our daily lives. Pastor Traylor and his wife never lost track of anyone in their ministry. So let us wish St. John’s another 100 years of prosperity. We know that other churches may be larger, but few have been such stal-wart members of San Bruno’s community for 100 or more years. In the years since St. John’s was founded, the first asphalt state highway was laid down just a few miles away in San Bruno, a racetrack was built and then demolished, San Francisco airport went from a mud field to an international destination, and tens of thousands of San Bruno children were raised and left their homes to participate in civic life and commerce. St. John’s has re-mained. It has always served the next wave of Americans and immigrants, allowing all who enter to be encouraged in their spiritual quest and thus allowing America herself to become a more perfect union. May this special place near San Francisco Bay continue to prosper for the next 100 years. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAUDERDALE LAKES 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City Commission of the City of Lau-derdale Lakes located in Broward County, Florida. This area has long been a retirement loca-tion for people from New York and in par-ticular those of the Jewish faith. Those with Caribbean and African American ancestry began to settle there in the late 20th century, making the City a true American success story of diversity, which is now home to over 35,000 people. In 2014, the City voted to alter the structure of its governing body by establishing a city commission that would be composed of five individuals. In November 2016, the City’s resi-dents elected five women of color, making them the only city in Florida to have a com-mission entirely comprised of women. Mr. Speaker, to the residents of Lauderdale Lakes, and especially to its Mayor Hazelle Rogers, Vice Mayor Beverly Williams, and City Commissioners Sandra Davey, Gloria Lewis, and Veronica Edwards Phillips, I offer my sin-cere congratulations on this historic achieve-ment and wish the City many years of contin-ued success. RECOGNIZING THE ROCKRIDGE SOFTBALL TEAM FOR THEIR 2A STATE TITLE IN SOFTBALL HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Rockridge Softball Team from Rockridge High School, for earning the Class 2A title for the Illinois State Championship in softball. The Rockets took first in finals to claim their title as state champions, and I would like to recognize them for their tremendous accom-plishment. Their dedication and passion for their sport meant that they were determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. They are an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young tal-ent in our community, and to see them rep-resent Taylor Ridge throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate the Rockridge Rockets Softball Team on their title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing them every success in the future. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2851, STOP THE IMPOR-TATION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYNTHETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5735, TRANSI-TIONAL HOUSING FOR RECOV-ERY IN VIABLE ENVIRONMENTS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5788, SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee report (H. Rept. 115–751) to ac-company House Resolution 934 included an incorrect amendment header for the text of amendments made in order to Part A. The correct amendment header should have read: Part A—Text of Amendments to H.R. 2851 Made in Order. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF LITHUANIAN INDEPENDENCE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the great country of Lithuania and the hundred-year anniversary of her independ-ence. On February 16, 1918, Lithuania de-clared her independence from the Russian empire and has since been a tremendous ally to the United States in Eastern Europe. In 1917, in a tumultuous geopolitical climate, dominant superpowers throughout Europe, in-cluding the Russian and German empires, were seeking to control the Baltic state of Lith-uania. Despite these powerful forces, the Lith-uanian people dreamt of a unified, sovereign nation founded on the rich cultural and lin-guistic history of the region. They longed to gain independence from the powers of Europe and establish their country on democratic val-ues and ideals. In September 1917, the Vilnius Conference met to begin the process of separating from the Russian Empire. The Conference estab-lished a group of 20 men, known as the Coun-cil of Lithuania, to act in the interest of the Lithuanian people throughout this arduous process. In December 1917, the Council, led by activist Jonas Basanavic˘ius, declared Lith-uania to be independent as a protectorate of Germany. Seeing that the German Empire was weakened by its struggles in World War I, the Council adopted the Act of Independ-ence of Lithuania on February 16, 1918, ulti-mately liberating the country from the powers of Europe. Since the days of her independence, Lith-uania has maintained a strong working rela-tionship with the United States. Though, for a time during World War II, Lithuania was force-fully annexed and occupied by the Soviet Union, the United States never recognized this lapse in Lithuanian independence and has al-ways supported Lithuania’s democratic prin-ciples and values. By joining NATO and the UN in 2004, Lithuania has demonstrated a deep commitment to peace and freedom that I am proud to acknowledge here today. One hundred years removed from this his-toric independence, it is an honor to recognize the rich history and culture of one our nation’s strongest international allies. With confidence and support, the United States looks forward to additional centuries of Lithuanian strength and prosperity. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes, as I was in Charleston, South Carolina for the primary election. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 258; YEA on Roll Call No. 259; and YEA on Roll Call No. 260. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHLOE LINDEMAN FOR HER 1A STATE TITLE IN SHOTPUT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chloe Lindeman, a junior from Fulton High School, for earning the Class 1A title for the Illinois State Championship in shot put for track and field. Chloe Lindeman threw the shot put 47 feet to claim her title as state champion, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.005 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE842 June 14, 2018 
would like to recognize Chloe for her tremen-dous accomplishment. Chloe’s dedication and passion for her sport meant that she was de-termined to win gold. As a former athlete, I un-derstand the amount of hard work and com-mitment to be awarded such a title. Chloe is an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see her represent Fulton throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Chloe Lindeman on her title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing her every success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent June 12, 2018 due to unforeseen circumstances. If I were present, I would have voted on the fol-lowing: Roll no. 258—H.R. 5327—On motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended: YEA; Roll no. 259—H.R. 5041—On motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended: YEA; and Roll no. 260—On approving the Journal: YEA. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HALL COUNTY CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE’S AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2018 recipients of the Hall County Chamber of Commerce’s an-nual awards. Each year, the Hall County Chamber awards local businesses and individuals for the positive impact that they have had on the community. To honor the accomplishments of individual Hall County residents, the Chamber gave the Distinguished Citizen Award to Benny Bagwell, the W.G. Mealor Award to Paul Chambers, and the Community Service Award to State Senator Butch Miller. As a friend to each of these three men, I’ve seen their devotion to the Hall County community first-hand. Celebrating the achievements of local busi-nesses, the Chamber awarded Green’s Gro-cery and Millie’s Drapery and Decorating with the Small Business of the Year title. Dupli-cating Products and the Norton Agency earned the Family Business of the Year award. We can’t overlook the risks that men and women take to start a business or the benefits these job creators bring to our community. Keeping a business operating requires perse-verance during the difficult times. The Hall County Chamber of Commerce empowers the community by connecting local businesses and offering resources to support their growth. When local business owners col-laborate with each other, they can energize the Gainesville economy. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate this year’s hon-orees on their well-deserved awards and wish them continued success. f 
CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL OF MIAMISBURG, OHIO 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Miamisburg, Ohio as it cele-brates its bicentennial anniversary. There is only one community on Earth named Miamisburg—and that community is lo-cated in my congressional district. Miamisburg is affectionately known as Ohio’s ‘‘Star City.’’ The city drew its name from the Native American tribe that inhabited the valley between the Great and Little Miami Rivers. The area was originally settled by a minister named Zachariah Hole, who came with his family from Virginia in 1797, and built a stock-ade on the east bank of the river as protection from the Indians. The Indians proved to be friendly, and the stockade attracted additional settlers, mostly from Pennsylvania. The set-tlers called their community ‘‘Hole’s Station.’’ Miamisburg was founded on February 20, 1818, fifteen years after Ohio was admitted into the Union as the 17th State. The commu-nity was organized as a village in 1832, and achieved city status one hundred years later, in 1932. Today, Miamisburg is home to over 20,000 residents, in a community that is known to be one of the best places in the United States to live and raise a family. The entire downtown district is listed on the National Historic Reg-ister. In 2008, Ohio Magazine named Miamisburg as one of the state’s five ‘‘Best Hometowns.’’ Miamisburg is home to notable citizens in-cluding the McGuire Sisters, America’s most popular singing trio, who recorded dozens of hit songs during the 1950s and 1960s; George Kinderdine of the Dayton Triangles, who kicked the first-ever extra point in NFL history in the first game played between two profes-sional football teams in 1920; and David Bruton, Jr., a defensive back who helped the Denver Broncos win their third Super Bowl championship in 2016. Theodore Roosevelt is the only President of the United States known to have visited Miamisburg during his time in office. The Miamisburg Mound is the city’s most visible historic landmark. The Mound is an an-cient burial site constructed by the prehistoric Adena Indians approximately 2,500 years ago. It is one of the two largest conical mounds in eastern North America. The site is still intact and serves as a popular picnic destination and tourist attraction for area visitors. The Mound Laboratory was the first perma-nent atomic energy facility to be constructed after World War II in the United States. Its work was essential to U.S. national security during the Cold War. The laboratory operated from 1948 to 2003 and served as a facility that conducted research, development initiatives and production for U.S. nuclear weapons and space programs. Mound scientists and em-ployees worked on a number of NASA mis-sions and projects, including the creation of the nuclear battery (radioisotope thermo-electric generator). The citizens of Miamisburg will celebrate their city’s rich history and vibrant future dur-ing a festive week of activities from June 16– 23, 2018. Riverfront Park will serve as the city’s center stage for its bicentennial celebra-tions. The festivities include a bicentennial pa-rade, fireworks, performances by the Dayton Philharmonic, the Ohio State University Alumni Band, the U.S. Air Force Band of Flight, and a concert by Country Music Hall of Fame mu-sician Ricky Skaggs. The week of celebration coincides with the annual Miamisburg Alumni Dinner Dance. The Miamisburg High School Alumni Association is the oldest continuously active high school alumni association in the United States, and has held a reunion each year since its incep-tion in 1888. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the citizens of Miamisburg, Ohio, as they celebrate this important mile-stone in their city’s history. I want to thank the Miamisburg Bicentennial Committee, Mayor Dick Church, and the many volunteers for all the hard work they have done in preparation for this special event. May Ohio’s ‘‘Star City’’ continue to shine bright for another 200 years. 
f 
CONGRATULATING IAN KUEHL ON HIS TITLE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ian Kuehl, a senior from Lena- Winslow High School, for earning the 285 pound Class IA title for the Illinois State Championship in Wrestling. Ian Kuehl pinned his last opponent of the season in 3 minutes and 25 seconds to claim his title as state champion, and I would like to recognize Ian for his tremendous accomplish-ment. Ian’s dedication and passion for his sport meant that he was determined to win gold and cap off his season of 47 wins and only 1 loss. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Ian is an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young tal-ent in our community, and to see him rep-resent Stockton throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Ian Kuehl on his state title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes 261 and 262 on Wednesday, June 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.011 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE843 June 14, 2018 
13, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 90TH AN-NIVERSARY OF BERKSHIRE THE-ATRE 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Berkshire The-atre on the occasion of its 90th anniversary. It is one of the oldest continually running theatre groups in the country. Located in the heart of the Berkshire Mountains, the group is an ex-emplary representation of what Western Mas-sachusetts has to offer. Berkshire Theatre Festival was founded in 1928 in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Over the course of its storied history, it has been both a significant economic driver in the region and a home to people and events which have greatly contributed to the vibrancy of our coun-try’s cultural heritage. In 2010, Berkshire The-atre Festival merged with The Colonial The-atre to form the Berkshire Theatre Group, combining two of Berkshire County’s oldest cultural institutions and icons of the American theatre tradition. Berkshire Theatre Group’s four total stages have featured many critically acclaimed actors and award-winning produc-tions over the years, and constitute a priceless cultural resource for the community of West-ern Massachusetts. Moreover, Berkshire The-atre Festival’s Playhouse, which is now known as the Fitzpatrick Main Stage, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. In addition to these remarkable distinc-tions, Berkshire Theatre Festival also launched a theatrical school in 1929 that con-tinues today to offer internship programs in acting, directing, design, administration, and technical theatre. With these offerings as well as many other educational outreach programs, Berkshire Theatre Group is able to serve over 13,000 students. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reiterate that Berkshire Theatre has been a group of histor-ical importance and cultural renaissance since its founding in 1928. It’s admirable promotion of the arts, focus on educational opportunities, and diverse community benefits are certainly worthy of recognition. Berkshire Theatre has undoubtedly been a center for creativity which continues to enrich, invigorate, and transform artists and audiences alike. As Berkshire The-atre celebrates its 90th anniversary, I wish the group all the best and much continued pros-perity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DANIELLE TAETS FOR HER 1A STATE TITLE IN THE TRIPLE JUMP AND 100 METER HURDLES 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Danielle Taets, a freshman from Orion High School, for earning the Class 1A title for the Illinois State Championship in triple jump and the 100 meter hurdles for track and field. Danielle Taets completed her 38 foot quali-fying leap in triple jump and ran the 100 meter hurdles to claim her title as state champion, and I would like to recognize Danielle for her tremendous accomplishment. Danielle’s dedi-cation and passion for her sport meant that she was determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Danielle is an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see her represent Orion throughout the state. Mr Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Danielle Taets on her title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing her every success in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHEAST GEOR-GIA’S SERVICE ACADEMY AP-POINTEES 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Northeast Georgia’s 14 service academy appointees. Emmi Schakat of Blairsville, Gavin Jones of Rabun Gap, A.J. Howard of Toccoa, and Owen Brown of Commerce will begin their ca-reers at the U.S. Military Academy. Cole Wright of Blairsville will begin a similar path at the U.S. Military Academy Preparatory School. The U.S. Naval Academy will welcome Chase Nufer of Gainesville and Jarad Ford of Danielsville. Jack Haller of Cumming and Lo-retta Strickland of Blue Ridge will attend the U.S. Naval Academy Preparatory School. Two rising midshipmen who will attend the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy are Mac-kenzie Ralston of Blue Ridge and Timothy Leurart of Ball Ground, and the U.S. Air Force Academy will open its campus to Michael Herrington of Flowery Branch, Cameron Sturdivant of Gainesville, and Audrey Weiner of Gainesville. I proudly nominated each of these students for their service to our community and dedica-tion to our country. Over the next several years, these Northeast Georgia students will further their education and develop the leader-ship skills needed to best serve our country as military officers. Mr. Speaker, I applaud these young leaders as they prepare for the challenges ahead, and I will keep them in my prayers as they enter a new season at America’s military service academies. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, as a result of my state’s primary being held on 6/12/18, I missed the below votes. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 258; Yea on Roll Call No. 259; and Yea on Roll Call No. 260. f 
KATY ISD POLICE OFFICERS RE-CEIVE CHIEF’S MERITORIOUS CI-TATION AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Officers Christopher Pickering, Mi-chael Seiss and Jose Gonzales of the Katy Independent School District for receiving the Chief’s Meritorious Citation Award. Tragically, suicide is a growing problem with our youth today. Thankfully, we have heroes among us who choose to be in the right place at the right time. Officers Pickering, Seiss and Gonzales were credited with helping save the lives of two students who were thinking of committing suicide. On January 8, Officer Pickering was dispatched to a home amid re-ports of a possible suicide attempt by a Katy ISD student. This student was helped by Pickering’s crisis intervention training and after building a friendship with the officer, agreed to undergo a mental health evaluation. The stu-dent later told the Katy ISD Police Department that Officer Pickering’s actions and concern that day kept him from taking his life. Officers Seiss and Gonzales were dispatched to Cinco Ranch High School on March 7 after hearing reports of another possible suicide. They acted promptly and showed the true heart of heroes. The quick actions of these two officers helped save the student’s life. Katy ISD Police Chief Robert Jinks proudly claimed that these three men revealed their bravery, character, and heroism for their community. For their dedication to the well-being of the Katy ISD, we thank them for their service and heroism. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Officers Christopher Pickering, Michael Seiss and Jose Gonzales of the Katy ISD Po-lice Department for receiving the Chief’s Meri-torious Citation Award. I thank them for their commitment to our students. Their passion and heart for the Katy ISD community is priceless. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NICK SWARTZENDRUBER FOR HIS 2A STATE TITLE IN THE 400 METER DASH IN TRACK AND FIELD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Nick Swartzendruber, a senior from Geneseo High School, for earning the Class 2A title for the Illinois State Champion-ship in the 400 meter dash for track and field. Nick Swartzendruber ran 48.49 seconds in the 400 meter dash to claim his title as state champion, and I would like to recognize Nick for his tremendous accomplishment. Nick’s dedication and passion for his sport meant that he was determined to win gold. As a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.016 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE844 June 14, 2018 
former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Nick is an example of the impor-tance of dedication and a strong work ethic I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent Gen-eseo throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Nick Swartzendruber on his title, and I Join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING ALYSSA YARCK 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alyssa Yarck. A stu-dent at the University of North Georgia, my alma mater, Alyssa recently earned the Girl Scout Gold Award—the highest honor that the leadership organization awards. Alyssa joined the Girl Scouts as a kindergartener, entering into the Daisy ranks and deepening her commitment to the pro-gram even after graduating from Chestatee High School. She received the Girl Scout Gold Award for modernizing a system to equip first respond-ers with important health information about students in Hall County. The new database, Assisting Special Kids’ Needs and Other Technologies (A.S.K.N.O.T.), centralizes students’ individual health needs and contact information within Hall County Central Communications, pre-paring emergency responders to better care for children in the event of an emergency. Whether an emergency occurs at school or home, first responders now have access to medical information for students who have en-rolled in A.S.K.N.O.T. and can then respond accordingly. Alyssa started this program in 2015 and completed it last September. Her tireless serv-ice through the Girl Scouts has left a lasting impact on children in our community—I want to thank Alyssa for her dedication and con-gratulate her on this significant honor. 
f 
AIT NEW COMPOUND OPENING CEREMONY ON JUNE 12 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the grand opening ceremony for the new compound of the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) this week. The United States and Taiwan have enjoyed a fruitful partnership for decades, and I am confident that our part-nership will only grow stronger with this new facility. Our two countries’ partnership has flour-ished because of our shared commitment to democratic values and constitutional govern-ments. Taiwan serves as a strong example of democracy not only for the region, but also the world. We must never take democracy for granted; we must remain vigilant in protecting and strengthening it. Our nations are also bound together by im-migration, travel, and trade. More than 350,000 Taiwanese live in the United States, and an estimated 4,000 Americans live in Tai-wan. Nearly 3,000 of my constituents were born in Taiwan. Additionally, Taiwan is the United States’ 11th largest trading partner, and in 2017, Taiwanese businesses invested $34 billion in the United States. Travel, espe-cially air travel, helps to further strengthen the bonds between the United States and Taiwan. In that sense, I am very pleased that the On-tario International Airport, located in Califor-nia’s 35th district, now offers direct flights to Taiwan. This is a relationship I am proud to support, and I am committed to working with my col-leagues to find additional areas where our two countries can partner to our mutual benefit. This week’s opening ceremony is an important step, and I am confident that it will contribute to the strengthening of the U.S.-Taiwan part-nership. f 
JAIME WILSON NAMED CITIZEN-SHIP EDUCATION TEACHERS OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jaime Wilson of Katy, TX for receiv-ing the Citizenship Education Teachers of the Year Award from the Katy VFW Post 9182. Jaime, a history teacher at Seven Lakes High School received the award from the Katy VFW for incorporating and advocating for vet-erans into her classroom. Ms. Wilson has con-tinually asked veterans to speak to her stu-dents about their experiences in times of con-flict. She was presented the Citizenship Edu-cation Teachers of the Year Award by Viet-nam war veteran Stephen Brady, of the Katy VFW Post. Jaime began teaching at Seven Lakes in 2007 and met Brady at the Katy Rice Harvest Festival. Since then, she has wel-comed Brady and other veterans into her classroom to help Katy ISD students better understand the Vietnam war and issues affect-ing our nation’s veterans. She has also advo-cated for more veteran guest speakers at Cinco Ranch and Tompkins High Schools. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jaime Wilson for receiving The Citizenship Education Teachers of the Year Award. Her efforts to champion veterans and educate the youth of TX–22 is crucial to our growth and character as a society. I thank you, Ms. Wil-son. 
f 
HONORING CAROL AND GERALD CLARK 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gerald and Carol Clark, who have long been the driving force in Teller County, Colorado and champions for the cause of lib-erty. For many years, the Clarks have been devoted servants to countless civic leaders throughout Teller County and have always been highly regarded for their steadfast com-mitment and dependability. Teller County will never be the same without the Clarks. The following testimonials speak to their personal character and the standard they set for generations to follow: ‘‘Carol and Gerry have always been syn-onymous with the term ‘American Patri-ots.’’’—Hon. Robert C. Balink ‘‘It’s difficult to describe Carol’s love for this country and how valuable her contribu-tions have been over the years to the cause of freedom. She is always striving to make things better. We will miss her tireless ef-forts immensely. Needless to say, Gerry has been her constant companion for many, many years, supporting her at every step of the way.’’—Norma Thompson ‘‘Carol has been an awesome leader . . . due in part because she was always such a ‘doer’. We have all been blessed because of you.’’—Carolyn Fairchild ‘‘Carol and Gerry were the backbone of Teller County and I, along with many others from far and wide, are honored to call them friends. I whole heartedly endorse and peti-tion the United States House of Representa-tives to recognize Carol and Gerry Clark for their patriotism and unmitigated duty to the citizens of Teller County Colorado and the Pikes Peak Region.’’—Pete LaBarre ‘‘Gerry and Carol Clark of Woodland Park, Colorado, are true patriots. Driven by true American Principals and a hard work ethic, they have led many others to stand up for these principals by actively working to ad-vance public education on important matters of policy on the local, state and national lev-els. Gerry and Carol Clark were usually the first to volunteer for the long hours of staff-ing information centers and organizing vol-unteers. They tirelessly gave of their time and treasure to ensure others had access to reliable information and always commu-nicating in civil and polite ways with those whose views differed from their own. They have both truly made a difference in the things that mattered. Their honorable serv-ice to our community, state, and nation de-serves our heartfelt gratitude.’’—Cheryl and Norm Steen, Teller County Commissioner ‘‘Words are inadequate to express our grat-itude and appreciation of the incomparable work and attitude you have displayed. Say-ing goodbye is never easy especially to peo-ple who have been such valued team mem-bers. We wish you all the best for now and into the future. If you can learn that is good. If you can teach that is life changing.’’— Doloretta & Robert Barber 
It is my great privilege to honor these leg-endary citizens of Teller County, Colorado from the halls of the U.S. House of Represent-atives. I thank Gerry and Carol for their faithful service and for leaving an indelible mark on the people of Teller County. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EASTON BIANCHI FOR HIS 1A STATE TITLE IN THE 100 AND 200 METER DASH IN TRACK AND FIELD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Easton Bianchi, a senior from Newman Central Catholic High School, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.022 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE845 June 14, 2018 
earning the Class IA title for the Illinois State Championship in the 100 and 200 meter dash for track and field. Easton Bianchi ran 10.83 seconds in the 100 meter dash and 21.93 seconds in the 200 meter dash to claim his title as state cham-pion, and I would like to recognize Easton for his tremendous accomplishment. Easton’s dedication and passion for his sport meant that he was determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Easton is an example of the im-portance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent Ster-ling throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Easton Bianchi on his title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE SACRIFICE OF CAMERON SMITH 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Cameron Smith and Robert Bryant Wade, who lost their lives to a flooded creek near McNutt Creek Dam last week. In this time of grief, we also recognize Cameron’s bravery in attempting to rescue Bryant from drowning. Cameron’s neighbors in Madison County will tell you what a considerate young man he was and how much he loved his family. Bryant’s loved ones are already missing the kind and outgoing teenager. When Cameron saw Bryant struggling against the water, he immediately told his friend to dial 911, and he dove in to save someone he’d never met. Sadly, neither young man found his way out of the swollen creek. Mr. Speaker, Cameron and Bryant have left holes in their communities that my words can’t capture, and Cameron’s sacrifice reflects a selfless heroism that has become uncommon today. As Northeast Georgia struggles with sad-ness over the loss of two young men, my prayers remain with their families and friends. 
f 
ASHLEY BRATCHER NAMED STAF-FORD MSD TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ashley Bratcher of Stafford, TX for being named the 2017–18 Stafford Municipal School District Teacher of the Year. Ms. Bratcher has a passion for education and was chosen by her peers to be the 2017– 2018 Teacher of the Year. She has taught math and science at Stafford Elementary School for the past six years and is known for her commitment to education, with the goal of making a life-changing difference each day. Her excellence is evident in Stafford Elemen-tary School’s position in the Top 1 percent of Texas Elementary Schools. Ashley is a Fort Bend County native and graduated from High-tower High School and Texas A&M University, before receiving her master’s degree in edu-cation from Concordia University. She is a tre-mendous educator who fights for her students in the classroom on a daily basis. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ashley Bratcher for being named the 2017– 18 Stafford MSD Teacher of the Year. I thank her for her commitment to our children and ex-cellence in the classroom. f 
ARMY BIRTHDAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, we honor the United States Army, the oldest of the five military branches, on the 243rd anni-versary of its founding. On June 14, 1775, America was under at-tack. The British forces occupied the city of Boston, but the minutemen of Massachusetts resisted. These patriots fought bravely at Lex-ington, Concord, and Bunker Hill, and inspired others from the surrounding colonies to join the fight. The Second Continental Congress took note of their courage, and when they convened in May 1775, they set out to create an army for the defense of all of the colonies. On June 14th, Congress officially established the Army, and the next day appointed General George Washington as its commander. With his marching orders, Washington rode out to his new command, where he successfully drove the British out of Boston. The newly-formed Continental Army spurred the colonies to vic-tory in gaining their independence from their British oppressors. The Army has been steadfast in the defense of the American democracy ever since. During its illustrious history, the Army repelled the British attack on New Orleans, charged up San Juan Hill behind Teddy Roosevelt, and stormed the beaches of Normandy on D-Day. The Army ranks have always produced the best and brightest in America. Countless members of Congress and fifteen presidents wore Army uniforms before stepping into pub-lic office. My father, TSgt Virgil Poe, served in the Army as a teenager, in combat, during the Second World War in Europe. The service of these Americans has not come without sacrifice. In the course of his-tory, hundreds of thousands of Americans in the Army have given their lives in defending our country from harm. We owe a deep debt of gratitude to this rare breed of men and women, the American breed. Today, nearly half a million men and women make up the most formidable fighting force in the world. As artillery gunners, aviators, chap-lains, cooks, dentists, doctors, engineers, in-fantrymen, intelligence officers, lawyers, nurses, tankmen, technicians, and veterinar-ians, these individuals are the backbone of the American military and continue to serve as they always have, with honor and distinction, and embody what it means to be Army Strong. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Army is a vital com-ponent of our democracy. They have pro-tected us for 243 years, and wherever we go, you will always know that the Army goes roll-ing along. And that is just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING THE ASSOCIATION OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY, MONMOUTH COUNTY CHAPTER 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, today on the 243rd birthday of the U.S. Army, I take the opportunity to congratulate the Mon-mouth County, New Jersey, Chapter of the Association of the United States Army (AUSA) which has been designated as the AUSA’s ‘‘Best Chapter 2017.’’ The designation represents the second year in a row that the Monmouth chapter has clinched this national top honor. The award, given primarily for leadership and distinguished accomplishments in the service of U.S. Soldiers, Army civilians, and their families, was presented at the AUSA’s Annual Meeting & Exposition held last Fall at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington, D.C. During the opening ceremony of the 2017 association meeting—attended by more than 5,000 members and guests—AUSA Mon-mouth Chapter President Col. Samuel Fuoco (USA Ret.), Secretary Mrs. Ellie Smith, and Mr. Frank Brogna, of the Monmouth County Sheriff’s Office were all presented the ‘‘Best Chapter 2017’’ banner by AUSA President & CEO Gen. Carter F. Ham (USA Ret.), and AUSA Vice President, Lt. Gen. Patricia E. McQuistion (USA Ret.). Also, Mrs. Catherine C. ‘‘Kit’’ Roache, the Monmouth Chapter’s Vice President of Pro-grams and Community Partners, received the AUSA ‘‘2017 Major General Anthony J. Drexel Biddle Medal,’’ awarded to the individual who has most contributed to the advancement and mission of association for the year. Additionally, Chapter President Fuoco was presented with the AUSA ‘‘Greatest Reserve Component Increase—2017’’ streamer, for the greatest increase in membership. Mr. Speaker, these awards are not lightly given or earned. The AUSA Monmouth Chap-ter was bestowed with these honors due to its extremely active and tireless work in sup-porting the U.S. Army and AUSA. The chapter has constantly supported our service mem-bers—Active and Reserve, past and present— through educational activities and raising money for many causes like support for New Jersey veterans and retirees, scholarships for JROTC high school students, the Fisher House Foundation, and their Service Dog ini-tiative. Chapter members and community partners regularly welcome new Army commanders at the nearby Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. The chapter has supported Honor and Re-member Flags for Gold Star Families who have lost a loved one in combat, and the New Jersey Run for the Fallen. It helps foster Vet-eran Service Organizations (VSO) training, and works to build civilian support in Mon-mouth County by participating in many edu-cational, business and charity events. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.027 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE846 June 14, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, the Monmouth County AUSA chapter takes to heart and gives all they have to live up to their inspiring motto: ‘‘A Voice for the Army—Support for the Soldier.’’ Given its current leadership and unyielding drive to serve in a manner consistent with its roots in the United States Army, there is little doubt that the chapter’s ongoing work will lead to consideration for another banner in 2018 and in the years ahead. I thank all the members of the AUSA Mon-mouth Chapter for their continued hard work, dedication, commitment and outstanding con-tributions in the service of America’s men and women in uniform. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PEYTON SOPIARS FOR HIS 1A STATE TITLE IN THE TRIPLE JUMP 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Peyton Sopiars, a sophomore from Galva High School, for earning the Class 1A title for the Illinois State Championship in triple jump for track and field. Peyton Sopiars won triple jump gold with a leap of 45–0 3/4 to claim his title as state champion, and I would like to recognize Pey-ton for his tremendous accomplishment. Pey-ton’s dedication and passion for his sport meant that he was determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Peyton is an example of the im-portance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent Galva throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Peyton Sopiars on his title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
LAMAR SCHOOL DISTRICT EM-PLOYEES RECOGNIZED FOR 20 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mario Valdez, Jeff Peterson, Joyce Thomas, Tamra Oliver, Nancy Beran, Amanda Peterson, Brenda Wandling, Bessie Neal, Les-lie McDowell, Bridgett Bullard, Cindy Haley, Alma Cruz, Cheryl Brimhall, James Nagai, Gloria Daniels, Lisa McKey, Tambra Burns, Pamela Berdou and Lisa Rose for their 20 years of service and dedication to the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District (CISD). Each of these wonderful Lamar CISD em-ployees have worked for the school district for twenty years. They were recently recognized by the school district for their dedication to our children and our schools. Their tenure and commitment to educational excellence is a true asset for our students and our region. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to these exceptional employees for 20 years with Lamar CISD. I thank them for their com-mitment to education and to our kids. f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT FRANK E. VERDUGO ON THE OC-CASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE MILITARY AFTER 20 YEARS 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Staff Sergeant Frank E. Verdugo on the occasion of his retirement from 20 years of outstanding commitment through military serv-ice to this country. He is the son of Lydia Wibert, former City Councilwoman in Fontana. Staff Sergeant Verdugo has had a remark-able career with our armed forces. He began his military career with the U.S. Marine Corps, serving from 1994–1998. He went on to serve in the Army Reserve from 1998–2002, where he was based in San Antonio. He transitioned to full time service when he entered the Army on August 1st of 2002 for his second time on active duty. Like many brave and selfless indi-viduals, he did so as a result of the events that transpired on September 11, 2001. Throughout his career, Staff Sergeant Verdugo has been assigned to a full range of important roles and has been stationed in many locations around the country including Fort Lewis, Fort Knox, Fort Bliss, and Fort Benning. Shortly after joining the Army, he was deployed twice to Iraq, from 2003–2004 and 2006–2007. While Staff Sergeant Verdugo has immeas-urable achievements and awards that speak to his character, perhaps the most significant contribution and legacy he has made is by helping train the next generation of leaders. He was part of the Army’s first Stryker Brigade at Fort Lewis and was assigned as a Stryker instructor at Fort Knox. Because of Staff Ser-geant Verdugo’s experience, he served in sev-eral critical leadership roles while at Fort Bliss, where he tested new equipment and networks for the Army, and at Fort Benning, where he was a fire range trainer. Staff Sergeant Verdugo has selflessly given of himself to this country while raising a family. He is married to Maria E. Verdugo and is the father of four children. As Staff Sergeant Verdugo’s long and hon-orable military career comes to a close, he is beginning a new chapter in his life. He is cur-rently pursuing his Bachelor of Science in Homeland Security from Vincennes University, further illustrating that while he may not be in the military anymore, his commitment to work-ing hard on issues like national security is en-during. For his many years of selfless service to our nation, I would like to recognize and thank Staff Sergeant Frank E. Verdugo. RECOGNIZING THE FIRST-EVER INTERNATIONAL NASH AWARE-NESS DAY HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness about a silent killer that has quickly grown into a public health crisis endangering the lives of millions of Americans. Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, known as NASH, is a metabolic disease that, if left un-treated, can lead to non-alcoholic cirrhosis, liver failure, liver cancer, and even death. The disease is estimated to affect between 3 and 12 percent of all American adults—including as many as 70,000 of my constituents. There are only a few physicians in Con-gress, and although our constituencies differ, we share a profound and personal connection to the individuals we serve. We also share an understanding that when a threat of this mag-nitude arises, we must take proactive steps to effectively diagnose and treat the disease. The most difficult part is that NASH is ‘‘si-lent’’; it does not present symptoms until late in the disease’s progression. Most Americans with NASH in my district and across the coun-try don’t even know they have it. There is no approved cure for NASH and no alternative to an invasive and painful liver bi-opsy to diagnose the disease, and research-ers have yet to get a full understanding of what causes it. With more research and pro-fessional awareness, we can start to improve early detection and halt disease progression while waiting for approved effective treat-ments. This past Tuesday, June 12, marked the first-ever International NASH Day. Medical ex-perts in seven cities across the U.S. joined over 20 international experts in the field of NASH to educate potential patients and other interested stakeholders to increase awareness and improve health outcomes. I ask my colleagues—physician or not—to remain vigilant and work to improve access to information about this disease, ensure access to healthcare, and provide adequate funding levels for research and care. It is the right pre-scription for a better, stronger, and healthier America. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 200TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF SHELBY, NEW YORK 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th Anniversary of the founding of the Town of Shelby, New York. The history of this town has been mold-ed by resilient and innovative individuals who worked persistently to make Shelby the place it is today. The Bicentennial presents an opportunity for the residents of Shelby to reflect on their fas-cinating history and to envision the endless possibilities of the future. In 1812, Joseph Ellicott, an agent for the Holland Land Com-pany, purchased 700 acres of farmland in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.031 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE847 June 14, 2018 
Town of Shelby. He and his nephew, Colonel Andrew Ellicott built a saw mill and a year later the first grist mill, while also improving the water supply in the town. The residents were happy to welcome this innovative family into their community. The Ellicott’s played a significant role in the early founding of the Town of Shelby and left a lasting impact that would allow it to thrive for over two centuries. On this historic day, I would like to formally congratulate the Town of Shelby on its 200th Anniversary. In 1818, Shelby was officially founded thanks to the Ellicott family’s indus-trious attitude. To this day, Shelby is still a strong farming community in Western New York. 
f 
LAMAR SCHOOL DISTRICT EM-PLOYEES RECOGNIZED FOR 25 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Diana Martinez, Tracy Madrigal, Becky Guntle, Sandra Leal, Carole Serna, Juan Nava, Kimberly Reyhons, Lorenso Longoria and Pamela Clayton for their 25 years of service and dedication to the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District (CISD). Diana, Tracy, Becky, Sandra, Carole, Juan, Kimberly, Lorenso and Pamela have each worked for the school district for twenty five years. They were recently recognized by Lamar CISD for their dedication to our children and our schools. Their tenure and commitment to educational excellence is a true asset for our students and our region. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to these exceptional employees for 25 years with Lamar CISD. I thank them for their com-mitment to education and to our kids. 
f 
HONORING FLAG DAY 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Flag Day; the day in 1777 that the Second Continental Congress adopted the red, white and blue. Old Glory as we call her, flies proudly across our country and rep-resents the home of the free and the brave. As the song ‘Grand Old Flag’ says, the flag is the ‘‘emblem of the land I love.’’ I love the land that I protected in uniform for nearly 30 years. The land that has given me freedom of speech and religion. The land that has allowed me to work hard in a profession of my choice and provide for my family. It’s also the land that encourages our youth to be proud of our flag. In fact, two young pa-triotic friends of mine are sharing their love for Old Glory by encouraging youth in America to host Flag Day events. William and Morgan Iler, who are eleven and seven respectively, are encouraging states to host events in their state, where children will get together at their own event and read the Declaration of Inde-pendence. As the next generation stands for liberty, they are showing Americans that we are the greatest nation in the world. By doing this on Flag Day they are also recognizing that Old Glory is the symbol of freedom, recog-nizing the home of the free and the brave. I salute and recognize these young patriots and other children who are participating in this event to recognize the red, white and blue and the freedoms she represents. f 
RECOGNIZING NICK ALLEN, NA-THAN MICKLEY, KEEGAN ANDER-SON, AND KOBY BRACKEMEYER FOR THEIR 1A STATE TITLE IN THE 4X800 RELAY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate sophomores Nick Allen, Nathan Mickley, Keegan Anderson, and Koby Brackemeyer from Morrison High School, for earning the Class 1A title for the Illinois State Championship in the 4x800 relay. Nick Allen, Nathan Mickley, Keegan Ander-son, and Koby Brackemeyer took first in finals with a time of 8:00.59 clocking to claim their title as state champions, and I would like to recognize them for their tremendous accom-plishment. Their dedication and passion for their sport meant that they were determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. They are an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young tal-ent in our community, and to see them rep-resent Morrison throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Nick Allen, Nathan Mickley, Keegan Anderson, and Koby Brackemeyer on their title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing them every success in the future. 
f 
MRS. ELVIRA ORTIZ 100 YEARS OLD 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of the 35th District, Mrs. Elvira Ortiz of Chino, California in celebration of her 100th birthday. Elvira was born July 9, 1918 in Chino, Cali-fornia, and has resided there for most of her life. Having lived in her same home for sixty years, she has made precious memories with her loved ones in Chino. As Elvira celebrates her 100th birthday, she has much to be proud of. Elvira’s husband, the late Jesus Pacheco Ortiz, was her hero. Jesus was in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II. He participated in air combat as a tail gunner as well as other positions on his aircraft. At one point, Jesus’s aircraft was shot down over Europe and sur-vived only because of the graciousness of a group of farmers who hid him and his crew. Elvira is devoted to her family and is loved and cherished by them in return. She and Jesus had four wonderful children, Lucille (de-ceased), Olivia, Michael, and George. She’s held many titles over her long life, but the one she is most proud of is grandmother and great-grandmother. Mrs. Ortiz has been a valuable member of her community. She is a practicing Catholic and has always devoted her extra time to her local church, Saint Margaret Mary Catholic Church in Chino, California. Having lived in Chino for almost all her life, Elvira has seen many, many positive changes take place in the area, including the tremen-dous growth and improvement of the Ontario International Airport. Her one hundred years is a testament to the ‘‘greatest generation’’ that ever lived in these United States of America. I am happy to wish Mrs. Elvira Ortiz a happy 100th birthday. f 
LAMAR SCHOOL DISTRICT EM-PLOYEES RECOGNIZED FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sandra Guyton, Adrianna Zamora and Gay Clark for their 30 years of service and dedication to the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District (CISD). Sandra, Adrianna and Gay have each worked for the school district for thirty years. They were recently recognized by Lamar CISD for their dedication to our children and our schools. Their tenure and commitment to educational excellence is a true asset for our students and our region. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sandra Guyton, Adrianna Zamora and Gay Clark on 30 years with Lamar CISD. I thank them for their commitment to education and to our kids. 
f 
HONORING MS. LISA SIMS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gillsville’s Lisa Sims for the perseverance she has demonstrated in her battle against multiple sclerosis. In 1997, the doctor diagnosed Lisa with MS, an incurable disease that causes the body’s immune system to attack the central nervous system. She left the doctor’s office that day understanding that she would become para-lyzed from the waist down. Despite her diagnosis, Lisa has never stopped fighting MS and can still walk today. She tried various medications and weight loss programs over the years, which initially gave her hope. Ultimately, Lisa realized she needed to incorporate exercise into her daily routine. She joined a gym three years ago, and, since then, she has regained most of her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.036 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE848 June 14, 2018 
strength. Despite the daily challenges she faces living with MS, Lisa still sets goals for herself and hopes to complete a half marathon one day. Mr. Speaker, Lisa Sims inspires Northeast Georgians to approach difficult times with re-lentless energy. I share Lisa’s optimism for the future and look forward to hearing that she has conquered that half marathon. 
f 
FLAG DAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, we honor the most recognizable symbol of our de-mocracy: the United States flag. On June 14, 1777, the Continental Congress officially es-tablished a flag for the fledgling nation, de-creeing ‘‘that the flag of the United States be thirteen stripes, alternate red and white; that the union be thirteen stars, white in a blue field, representing a new constellation.’’ Throughout our nation’s history, ‘‘Old Glory’’ has been an ever-present emblem of America. It billowed in the wind outside of Independ-ence Hall as the Founding Fathers drafted the Constitution. It inspired the young poet Francis Scott Key in Baltimore Harbor in 1814, who penned the words of our national anthem after watching Fort McHenry withstand a British siege. It traveled west with the Lewis and Clark expedition and eventually with the pio-neers as America expanded from sea to shin-ing sea. It was raised high above Mount Suribachi by the Marines on Iwo Jima during World War II. It has flown at the North Pole, at the summit of Mount Everest, and on the moon. Both in good times and in bad, the Star Spangled Banner has always yet waved for the American people. Olympic champions held the flag above their heads in triumph, and first-responders have comforted victims of tragedies in its shadow. Our students pledge their allegiance to it each morning, and sol-diers and peace officers salute it as they lay their fallen comrades to rest. It continues to remind us of our past, present, and future, fly-ing permanently over the village green of Lex-ington, Massachusetts, the White House, and all United States customs ports of entry. Above all, the flag is an embodiment of our identity. Today, the fifty stars in the sea of blue are a visual reminder of our national motto: e pluribus unum. Out of many states came one united nation, and fifty stars, thir-teen stripes, and a sea of blue together form a vital component of our one national flag. Mr. Speaker, all Americans should cherish and respect the flag. Old Glory honors the sacrifice of American men and women who died for the country, guides us to make tough decisions today, and inspires future genera-tions to dream big. Thus, the Stars and Stripes will forever proudly fly over the land of the free and the home of the brave. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KYLE KRUTHOFF FOR HIS 1A STATE TITLE IN POLE VAULTING 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kyle Kruthoff, a junior from Erie High School, for earning the Class 1A title for the Illinois State Championship in pole vault-ing. Kyle Kruthoff cleared 15 feet, 6 inches to claim his title as state champion, and I would like to recognize Kyle for his tremendous ac-complishment. Kyle’s dedication and passion for his sport meant that he was determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. Kyle is an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young tal-ent in our community, and to see him rep-resent Erie throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Kyle Kruthoff on his title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing him every success in the future. f 
KEN WALLA RECOGNIZED FOR 35 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE LAMAR CONSOLIDATED INDE-PENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 14, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ken Walla for his 35 years of serv-ice and dedication to the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District (CISD). Ken has worked for the school district for thirty five years. He was recently recognized by Lamar CISD for his dedication to our chil-dren and our schools. His tenure and commit-ment to educational excellence is a true asset for our students and our region. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ken Walla on 35 years with Lamar CISD. I thank him for his commitment to education and to our kids. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.042 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D675 Thursday, June 14, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3929–S3959 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and four reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3065–3077, S. Res. 547–549, and S. Con. Res. 40.
        Pages S3951–52 
Measures Reported: S. 3071, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–274) S. 3072, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–275) S. 3073, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–276) H.R. 1496, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’. H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madi-son Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Wil-liams Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4406, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4646, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4685, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. An-drew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. S. 2549, to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brook-lyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’.
                                                       Page S3951 
Measures Passed: Stephen Michael Gleason Congressional Gold Medal Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 2652, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason, and the bill was then passed.
                                                          Pages S3943–45 
Tricentennial of the City of San Antonio, Texas: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 503, com-memorating the tricentennial of the City of San An-tonio, Texas, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S3958 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 2907, to amend the preamble.
                                               Page S3958 
Juneteenth Independence Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 547, designating June 19, 2018, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN8.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD676 June 14, 2018 
‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States.
              Page S3958 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3932–43 
Adopted: By a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. 125), Reed Amendment No. 2885 (to Amendment No. 2276), of a perfecting nature.
        Pages S3935–36, S3943 
Inhofe (for Boozman) Amendment No. 2276 (to Amendment No. 2282), to require a report on the permanent stationing of the United States forces in the Republic of Poland.
       Pages S3934–35, S3939, S3943 
Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S3932 
Withdrawn: Inhofe (for Rounds) Amendment No. 2273 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2282), to require a report on participation in the Transition Assistance Program. 
                                                                      Pages S3936–39, S3943 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 35 yeas to 62 nays (Vote No. 123), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282), to require congressional review of certain regulations issued by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.
                                              Pages S3933–34 
By 83 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 124), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282 (listed above).
            Page S3934 
Chair sustained a point of order that Lee Amend-ment No. 2366 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States, was not germane, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                            Page S3934 
Reed Amendment No. 2842 (to Amendment No. 2366), to require the authorization of appropriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons, fell when Lee Amendment No. 2366 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2282) fell.                                Page S3932 
Chair sustained a point of order that McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282) (listed above), was not germane, and the amendment thus fell.
                                               Page S3934 
Reed/Warren Amendment No. 2756 (to Amend-ment No. 2700), to require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons, fell when McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282) fell.
                                                            Page S3932 
By 81 yeas to 15 nays (Vote No. 126), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S3943 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reach pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 18, 2018; that it be in order for Senator Sand-ers, or his designee, to raise a single Congressional Budget Act point of order that lay against Inhofe/ McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282, as amend-ed, and that a motion to waive then be considered to have been made and Senate vote on the motion, without intervening action or debate; that notwith-standing the provisions of Rule XXII, all post-clo-ture time on the bill, as amended, expire at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, June 18, 2018; and that the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, ripen following disposition of the bill.
           Page S3959 
Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019.
                       Pages S3930–32 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year.
               Page S3930 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3950 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3950 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN8.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D677 June 14, 2018 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S3950 
Executive Communications:                             Page S3950 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3950–51 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3951 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3952–53 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3953–56 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3948–50 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3956–57 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3957–58 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3958 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—126)
                                                 Pages S3934, S3943 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 4:33 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 18, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3959.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 3071) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019; An original bill (S. 3072) making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019; and An original bill (S. 3073) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine an up-date from the Comptroller of the Currency, after re-ceiving testimony from Joseph M. Otting, Comp-troller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea, who was introduced by Senators Hirono and Nelson, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Affairs), and David Schenker, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Near East-ern Affairs), all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of controlled substances, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 974, to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas, Gadyaces S. Serralta, to be United States Mar-shal for the Southern District of Florida, R. Don Ladner, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Florida, and Charles L. Good-win, to be United States Marshal for the District of Hawaii, all of the Department of Justice. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6101–6121; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 941–945 were introduced.
           Pages H5199–H5200 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5201 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5762, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN8.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD678 June 14, 2018 
States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–755); H.R. 4991, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–756); and H.R. 4627, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize expenditures to combat emerg-ing terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–757).
                                                                      Page H5199 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Weber (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5155 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:58 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H5161 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:45 p.m. and recon-vened at 4 p.m.
                                                  Pages H5183–84 
Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 5788, to pro-vide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic in-formation on international mail shipments of mail, by a yea-and-nay vote of 353 yeas to 52 nays, Roll No. 265.
                                                   Pages H5163–72, H5184 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–751, modified by the amendment printed in part D of H. Rept. 115–751, shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill.
    Page H5164 
H. Res. 934, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2851), (H.R. 5735), and (H.R. 5788) was agreed to yesterday, June 13th. Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable En-vironments Demonstration Program Act: The House passed H.R. 5735, to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a dem-onstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 173 nays, Roll No. 266. 
                                                                Pages H5172–83, H5184–85 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–73, in lieu of the amendments recommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services now printed in the bill.
       Page H5179 Agreed to: Barr amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–751) that clarifies selection requirements for eligible entities, removes recovery treatment time limits, and makes additional technical changes; 
                                                                                    Pages H5180–81 
Rohrabacher amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–751) that alters the application sec-tion to require eligible entities to provide proof to the Secretary that the supportive housing facilities to which they provide financial assistance have author-ization to operate by the local government with ju-risdiction over that zone;
                               Pages H5181–82 
Moore amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–751) that addresses the devastating opioid crisis in tribal communities by ensuring that tribal housing authorities are designated as eligible entities to receive vouchers and ensuring that the selection criteria for awarding vouchers reflects the impact that opioids is having in tribal communities; and 
                                                                                    Pages H5182–83 
Biggs amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–751) that removes a requirement to in-clude recommendations for further continuation and expansion of the voucher program in a report to Congress.
                                                                        Page H5183 
H. Res. 934, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2851), (H.R. 5735), and (H.R. 5788) was agreed to yesterday, June 13th. United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Com-mission for a term expiring on December 31, 2019: Rear Admiral Michael McDevitt, U.S. Navy, Re-tired, Arlington, VA.
                                              Page H5188 
Quorum Calls Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5184, H5184–85. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NAVY AND AIR FORCE DEPOT POLICY ISSUES AND INFRASTRUCTURE CONCERNS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Navy and Air Force Depot Policy Issues and Infrastructure Concerns’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Lee Levy, Commander, Air Force Sustainment Center and Material Command, Headquarters, U.S. Air Force; Vice Admiral Thomas Moore, Commander, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN8.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D679 June 14, 2018 
Naval Sea Systems Command, Headquarters, U.S. Navy; and Vice Admiral Dean Peters, Commander, Naval Air Systems Command, Headquarters, U.S. Navy. UNDERSTANDING THE DIGITAL ADVERTISING ECOSYSTEM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Digital Adver-tising Ecosystem’’. Testimony was heard from Dave Wulf, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary, Infrastruc-ture Protection, Department of Homeland Security; Chris P. Currie, Director, Emergency Management, National Preparedness, and Critical Infrastructure Protection, Homeland Security and Justice Team, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. THE CHEMICAL FACILITIES ANTI- TERRORISM STANDARDS PROGRAM (CFATS)—A PROGRESS REPORT Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Standards Program (CFATS)—A Progress Report’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5749, the ‘‘Options Markets Sta-bility Act’’; H.R. 5953, the ‘‘Building Up Inde-pendent Lives and Dreams Act’’; H.R. 6035, the ‘‘Streamlining Communications for Investors Act’’; and H.R. 6069, the ‘‘Fight Illicit Networks and De-tect Trafficking Act’’. H.R. 5953 and H.R. 6035 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 6069 and H.R. 5749 were ordered reported, as amended. DEMOCRACY PROMOTION IN A CHALLENGING WORLD Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Promotion in a Chal-lenging World’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on legis-lation on the ‘‘Enhancing State Management of Fed-eral Lands and Waters Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. NASA COST AND SCHEDULE OVERRUNS: ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT CHALLENGES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘NASA Cost and Schedule Overruns: Acquisition and Pro-gram Management Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Cristina T. Chaplain, Director, Con-tracting and National Security Acquisitions, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Stephen Jurczyk, Asso-ciate Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Paul K. Martin, Inspector General, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and a public witness. SHRINKING THE SKILLS GAP: SOLUTIONS TO THE SMALL BUSINESS WORKFORCE SHORTAGE Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Shrinking the Skills Gap: Solutions to the Small Business Workforce Shortage’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, markup on the FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill, 9:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of U.S. Public Health Biopreparedness: Responding to Biological Attacks, Pandemics, and Emerging Infectious Disease Outbreaks’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on the Trump Administration’s Russia policy, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN8.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD680 June 14, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, post- cloture, and vote on a motion to waive a budget point of order thereon, followed by a vote on passage of the bill, at 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of H.R. 5515, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legis-lative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, June 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 2851— Stop Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Ana-logues Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bacon, Don, Nebr., E847 Bishop, Rob, Utah, E839 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E839 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E840, E841, E841, E842, E843, E843, E844, E846, E847, E848 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E841 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E846 Collins, Doug, Ga., E840, E842, E843, E844, E845, E847 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E840 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E839 Graves, Sam, Mo., E839 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E842 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E841 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E840 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E844 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E843 Olson, Pete, Tex., E843, E844, E845, E846, E847, E847, E848 Poe, Ted, Tex., E845, E848 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E846 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E841 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E841 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E845 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E840 Taylor, Scott, Va., E843 Titus, Dina, Nev., E842 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E844, E846, E847 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E842 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E839 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14JN8.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST