Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1229 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2018 No. 34 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 26, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AN N
EWHOUSE to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HONORING JOE QUATTRONE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of the hardest working men on Capitol Hill, Joe Quattrone. Joe’s 84th birthday was Saturday, February 10. He has been cutting hair in the House for 47 years. Joe embodies the principles of hard work, dedication, and humility. He has cut the hair of the most powerful people in Wash-ington, including: President Gerald Ford; President George Bush, Sr.; Vice President Al Gore; and almost every single Speaker of the House. He has cut hair in hospital rooms, before inau-gurations, and even for foreign Presi-dents and ambassadors. Joe grew up in Reggio Calabria, Italy, and came to the United States in 1952. He served as an Italian translator with the American Air Force during the Korean war. Along with an honor-able discharge, Joe received his Amer-ican citizenship upon leaving the Army. In 1960, Joe came to D.C. and held a number of jobs before cutting hair in the House. He even worked con-struction on the Rayburn House Office Building. Emigrating from Italy, Joe is so proud of his American citizenship. Growing up in Italy, Joe was first in-troduced to America when American troops flew over his town during World War II. He said they would get so close to the town that he even made eye con-tact with the pilots flying those planes. When American troops came through his city, Joe remembers waving a small American flag, along with his family, welcoming them to his hometown. After serving with the Air Force, in 1955 he joined the Metropolitan D.C. Police Force, where he was active for 25 years. When you speak to Joe, you see the pride and joy he takes in his job and his country reflected in his atti-tude. It is because of Joe and the hard-working staff in the Capitol buildings of the Congress that Congress is able to perform its duties every day. Today I honor Joe and the lifetime of service he has given to the Capitol and to the United States of America. 
f 
VOCA FUNDING—LOCK THE BOX The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the early days of 1984, Congress came up with a unique idea: with Congress’ support, President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Victims of Crime Act, otherwise known as VOCA. This law established the Crime Vic-tims Fund, with the sole purpose of supporting crime victims throughout the United States. But instead of using taxpayer money for the fund, Congress came up with a novel idea: Why not force the criminals, the traffickers, the abusers, the scourges on society, to pay for the restitution to their victims? They inflicted pain and suffering on in-nocent people, so they should be the ones, literally, to pay for their crimes. Because of the new law, convicted felons in Federal court who are as-sessed fines and fees pay into the Crime Victims Fund. The money in the fund is used for a wide range of victims’ services: It pays for domestic violence shelters where spouses can recover from their abusers; It funds rape crisis coalition centers; It funds children’s assessment cen-ters like the one in my hometown of Houston; It sends money to victim advocates throughout the United States who go to court with victims of crime; It gives victims restitution and pays for critical medical and mental health programs. It is a really good idea, Mr. Speaker. Over the years, because our Federal judges have continued to fine and as-sess greater and greater penalties to the criminals, the VOCA fund cur-rently holds—get this, Mr. Speaker— $12 billion. And let me make it clear: This is not taxpayer money; it is money that criminals have paid into the system. Criminals are paying the rent on the courthouse, paying for the system that they have created. So what is the problem? Here is the problem, Mr. Speaker: The fund, every year, is robbed by the bureaucrats to offset other Federal projects that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.000 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1230 February 26, 2018 
completely unrelated to crime victims. For example, about $800,000 is spent out of the fund, which has $12 billion in money, and over the years, it continues to have more and more money because less of it is being spent. In my opinion, these bureaucrats are literally stealing money from the Victims Fund and throwing it into the abyss of the Fed-eral Treasury. That money does not be-long to the Federal Government; it be-longs to crime victims. Victims do not have, Mr. Speaker, high-dollar lobbyists up here in Wash-ington, D.C., advocating on their be-half. They expect us, Members of Con-gress, to be their lobbyists, to be their voice. As a former prosecutor and a former judge in Texas, I take that duty very seriously. It is the first responsibility of gov-ernment to actually protect the people. We must stop the robber bureaucrats from stealing money out of the Crime Victims Fund and make sure that vic-tims have access to the resources they need to become survivors. To achieve this goal, my friend, Rep-resentative J
IMCOSTA from California, my cochair in the Victims’ Rights Cau-cus, and I have introduced the Crime Victims Fund Preservation Act. The bill is very simple. It creates a lockbox to make sure that the money in the fund cannot be used for anything other than victims’ programs under the Vic-tims of Crime Act. The Crime Victims Fund becomes an especially attractive target for offsets at this time when our government faces any sort of a deficit. That is why Congress must safeguard the fund to make sure the money is protected. The bill uses the money paid by criminals to help rescue and restore victims and ensure that it is safe from the sticky, pilfering hands of bureau-crats—and does so forever. So let the victims of crime keep the money and not send it to other programs in the Federal departments throughout the Nation. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF NBA ALL-STAR JOE JOHNSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the work of NBA all-star and Arkansas native Joe Johnson of the Sacramento Kings with a local youth basketball program, the Arkansas H.A.W.K.S. The Arkansas H.A.W.K.S, an acro-nym meaning Hard At Work Kids, is a member of the Amateur Athletic Union organization dedicated to the develop-ment of athletic ability in American youth. Under the leadership of Coach Bill Ingram, the team’s goal extends beyond the court and into the commu-nities of central Arkansas, building a dynasty of basketball players who seek to make a lasting impact on their neighborhoods, city, State, and our country. Before he was a seven-time NBA all- star, Joe Johnson was a student at the historic Little Rock Central High School and a star player on the Arkan-sas H.A.W.K.S roster. In this partner-ship, the teams and players connected with the H.A.W.K.S will be given unique opportunities, including, mentorship, player development, and academic assistance. I would like to extend a hearty debt of gratitude and congratulations to Joe Johnson and the Arkansas H.A.W.K.S program for their selfless and worth-while investment in central Arkansas youth. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALBERT  
YARNELL  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and the legacy of one of Arkansas’ great innovators and lead-ers, my friend Albert Yarnell of Searcy, Arkansas, who passed away earlier this year at the age of 94. Albert worked for over 75 years with his family to make Yarnell’s Ice Cream one of the most successful regional ice cream companies in the United States. Yarnell’s Ice Cream created many unique flavors, such as the Razorbacks’ ice cream, Woo Pig Chewy; and my per-sonal favorite, peppermint. Yarnell was an icon of Arkansas busi-ness and anchor of the Searcy and White County business community for decades. He is a past president of the Searcy Chamber of Commerce and served as mayor of Searcy. He was in-ducted into the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame in 2007 and is a member of the Arkansas Dairy Products Hall of Fame. He was a role model and friend to many across our State. I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his many dear friends, fam-ily, and loved ones. 
RECOGNIZING NORTH LITTLE ROCK MIDDLE  
SCHOOL TEACHER DAWN MCLAIN  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize North Little Rock Middle School teacher Dawn McLain. Dawn, a sixth grade science and math teacher, recently was named a 2017–2018 recipi-ent of the national Milken Educator Award, one of only 44 across our coun-try. This prestigious honor is given to teachers with exceptional educational talent who impact students both in and out of the classroom. Dawn has not only increased her stu-dents’ test scores, but she has engaged her students through robotics, design modeling, and rocketry. She is a strong proponent of project-based learning, technology integration, and data de-ployment. Dawn is also focused on helping her students build life skills that will help them succeed into adult-hood and works to build strong rela-tionships with both parents and her students. Teachers like Dawn prove that edu-cation is one of the best investments America can make. I am proud to rep-resent her and all the teachers of cen-tral Arkansas who are making a dif-ference in the lives of our kids. RECOGNIZING CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER 2 JOHN  
HEFFERNAN  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize one of Arkansas’ finest, Chief Warrant Officer 2 John Heffernan, who passed away late last month at the age of 77. His leadership and dedication to our State and Nation as a soldier, a veteran, and a volunteer is an example to all Arkansans and all Americans. Heffernan enlisted in the Army in 1962, and after more than 27 years of military service, John retired from the Arkansas Army National Guard. For the next 23 years, John provided his services at Camp Robinson and the Lit-tle Rock Air Force Base. He was one of many of the strongest advocates in central Arkansas for all matters re-lated to our military veterans and their families. For the better part of half a century, John was a selfless servant to others, giving more of himself than he had to give. He had a passion for volunteering, rivaled only by his passion of service to his country. I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his family and their loved ones. 
f 
HONORING JROTC CADET PETER WANG The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, the shooting in Parkland, Florida, on 14 February represented a catastrophic failure of local authorities as well as the FBI. The students needed a hero that day, and while the sheriff’s de-partment failed the students, I think it is important to recognize and com-memorate the fact that a 15-year-old JROTC cadet named Peter Wang an-swered the call. In the face of a deranged gunman de-scending on his school, Cadet Wang helped his fellow students flee to safe-ty, exposing himself to fire in the proc-ess. He could have simply saved him-self, but like a true hero, Peter Wang chose to protect the lives of others. Going above and beyond the call of duty, he sacrificed his life on that fate-ful day. Scripture teaches that there is no greater love than that a man should lay down his life for his friends, and his fellow students will be indebted to Peter Wang for his actions on that day. Now, Peter Wang had a desire to at-tend West Point, and his actions on 14 February more than lived up to the U.S. Military Academy’s motto of duty, honor, and country. His post-humous admittance to West Point rep-resented a rare but well-deserved honor. In Peter Wang, the country lost someone who no doubt would have en-riched the Army’s officer corps and provided honorable service in uniform. Yet it is also true that, with the lives he saved that day, he accomplished more on his final day on this Earth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.006 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1231 February 26, 2018 
than most of us who serve in the mili-tary accomplish over the course of an entire career. b1215 You can train for moments like those faced by Peter Wang, but you don’t know if you can pass the test until you are actually put to the test. Peter Wang passed his test with flying colors. His steadfast devotion to duty reflected great credit upon himself and was in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Army. Rest in peace, soldier. Job well done. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF GRANT COUNTY FIRE DIS-TRICT BATTALION CHIEF DAN DISHON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Grant County Fire District Battalion Chief Dan Dishon from Moses Lake, Washington. Dan passed away on Janu-ary 8, 2018. Dan was a husband, a father, a friend, and a highly respected fire service-member. His love of firefighting and his dedication to his community were evident in his 15 years of volunteer service at both the Grant County Fire District 13 as well as District 5, where he eventually secured his dream job of shift captain. Local firefighters, members of his team, and the community will remem-ber him for his leadership, humility, and commitment to keeping the citi-zens of Grant County safe. My prayers and sincere condolences go out to his family and his friends and all those af-fected by his passing during this dif-ficult time. I urge all my colleagues to join me in thanking Dan Dishon for his inspira-tional life of service to Washington State in the Fourth District. 
f 
ADDRESSING THE ISSUE OF GLOBAL HUNGER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the issue of global hunger. Tonight, this very evening, 800 million people across the world will go to bed hungry. Throughout 2017, this very past year, this number has only grown, making this the first year in a decade that global hunger has in-creased. This increase arises from violent con-flicts and natural disasters that have worsened the situation for many living in extreme poverty. These crises dem-onstrate the need for lifesaving United States humanitarian relief around the world. For 63 years, our Nation’s signature food donation program, Food for Peace, has fed more than 3 billion hungry peo-ple. This program has benefitted people facing some of the worst humanitarian disasters of the century, averting fam-ine, and providing medical care for those who need it most. Today, USAID remains committed to providing for people in dire situations with emergency help. In countries like Yemen and Nigeria, where more than 70 percent of the population is facing severe starvation, USAID continues to step in to prevent famine and fight dis-ease. The USAID mission is to provide emergency food assistance, is vital to many countries around the world, and is a key pillar of President Trump’s National Security Strategy. Its pur-pose is to end the need for its own ex-istence by responding to the disasters and helping our partners achieve self- reliance. A world without hunger is in Amer-ica’s very best interest. Hunger breeds instability and conflict. These pro-grams represent a small investment to prevent future conflicts. I am proud that wheat is the most used commodity in U.S. hunger pro-grams. Kansas is known as the bread-basket of the world and is the Nation’s leading wheat producer. But today, while our growers have full grain ele-vators in my State, we still have four ongoing declared famines around the world. There is no reason that we can-not connect the starving with our ample supplies of food. I look forward to working with the House Agriculture Committee as we re-authorize the Food for Peace and other critical antihunger programs in the 2018 farm bill so that USAID and the United States Department of Agri-culture can continue to help provide for the hungry and strengthen our na-tional security across the world. Need for Broadband Deployment in Rural Communities Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to emphasize the need for broadband development in rural com-munities. More and more, we see a transition from ‘‘brick and mortar’’ to ‘‘click and mortar’’ establishments, with the world quickly moving from paper to digital. In rural America, the digital divide is becoming increasingly present. From limited connection speeds to locations entirely without service, these commu-nities are lacking the same basic abili-ties as their urban counterparts. I am encouraged to see so many conversa-tions happening in and around the Hill related to removing the barriers to connecting Americans, but there is still a lot of work to be done. I applaud the efforts of President Trump, Chairman Pai, and Agriculture Secretary Perdue in making rural broadband deployment a national pri-ority as we head into 2018. I hope that my colleagues here in Congress will re-member that all Americans deserve reasonable and comparable service, no matter where in the country they live. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Vincent DeRosa, St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Wash-ington, D.C., offered the following prayer: O God, who are the hope of sinners and the joy of the holy, grant this House a spirit of compunction for fail-ures, perseverance for growth, and hu-mility in success. For the good of our country, we ask You to enflame the Members of this Chamber with wisdom, hope, courage, and all the other virtues necessary to secure prosperity throughout our land and equal justice under the law. Above all, help us to be a people of loving encounter with each other and with our neighbors around the world, that establishing an ever more perfect society on Earth, we may one day know the joys of paradise with You. We ask this in Your most holy name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. M
CCOLLUM led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING WAKULLA COUNTY TEACHER KATRINA RODDENBERRY (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding teacher from Wakulla County, Florida’s Second Congressional District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.003 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1232 February 26, 2018 
Katrina Roddenberry, a science teacher at Wakulla Middle School, was selected by the Space Foundation as one of 31 educators worldwide who were honored for her work promoting science and space curricula at Wakulla Middle School. Along with this honor, Ms. Roddenberry and her colleague, Melissa Martin, were selected to work with NASA as part of their Micro-gravity University for Educators 2018 Challenge. This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity will give these teachers and four of their students the chance to work di-rectly with the experts at NASA. It is clear that they are inspiring a love of science and space in their students. These teachers are forming not just strong minds but also strong char-acters and big hearts in young men and women with a sense of community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Ms. Roddenberry and thanking her for instilling a love of science and space in our next genera-tion. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE WORK OF THE CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA DIG-ITAL LEARNING FOUNDATION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this morning I was at the Central Pennsylvania Digital Learning Foundation in Duncansville to speak about my work on the House Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. The Central Pennsylvania Digital Learning Foundation Charter School offers a customizable cyber education for students throughout Pennsylvania. Its learning experience connects, en-gages, and empowers every student to be successful in reaching their aca-demic and personal goals for today and tomorrow. This school was developed from the ground up by the area superintendents in collaboration with Intermediate Unit 8. The IU8 was created to furnish a broad range of educational services to the 35 public schools, 5 area voca-tional-technical schools, 2 charter schools, and approximately 81 non pub-lic schools in west central and south-western Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, we must understand that there are numerous educational environments, and many students thrive in a cyber school-style setup. The IU8 is doing tremendous work to ensure that students who choose a cyber school education are receiving the same quality education as their peers who attend brick-and-mortar schools. I am proud of the work they are doing. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, our hearts are heavy grieving for the 17 in-nocents murdered in Parkland. We are praying for their families and friends. I cannot begin to fathom the sorrow of parents who must bury a child. From the time our children are born, we instinctively understand it is our responsibility to protect them; but, in-creasingly, as a nation, we are failing our children and allowing them to be gunned down in schools, at concerts, and in houses of worship. Still, in this darkest of time, I see reason to hope. I am inspired by the eloquence of the survivors and the young people across the country who are speaking out for positive action. We all know there are commonsense actions that would curb gun violence in our communities and save lives: uni-versal background checks; banning military-style assault weapons, high- capacity magazines, and bump stocks; and funding mental healthcare, to name but a few. These measures have the over-whelming support of the American peo-ple. All that is missing is the political will from Congress. Hopefully, this mo-ment will be different. I urge my colleagues to listen to the voices of our young people. Let’s have the debate and vote on real actions to reduce gun violence in our schools, our neighborhoods, and our country. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAOR-DINARY WORK OF SALLY HAR-RISON (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary work of Sally Harrison. Sally is the president and CEO of the Mesa Chamber of Commerce. She has worked in this role since 2013. Mesa’s business environment is thriving with her at the helm. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Sally led the meeting at Arizona State University Polytechnic campus with Congressman J
IMBRIDENSTINE and the Mesa Industry and Defense Council. Under her leadership, this unique coun-cil continues to highlight the tremen-dous technological and manufacturing capabilities we have in my district. There have been positive reports of the discussion she facilitated, and I am confident that she will continue to cre-ate these opportunities for my con-stituents. These conversations between local officials, Federal office holders, and business leaders are paramount to en-suring that our constituents receive the best possible representation. Sally understands this and is working every day to facilitate enduring success in Mesa and our region. I thank her for her service to our great city. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, we have been out of session for a week, and much has happened in America. Of course, the most dreadful thing is Parkland, Florida, and the Douglas High School. I shed quite a few tears thinking about those students and looking at the teachers who lost their lives. The system failed. The FBI failed to follow up. Apparently, the sheriff’s de-partment failed to follow up. Mr. Speaker, our President failed because he failed to see the problem that we have in this country is not giving teachers guns, but giving teachers more respect and giving them more counselors and giving them more aid to be able to teach. He failed to see that the problem is not just in schools, where it is so important and there have been shootings and killings, but there are killings in Texas churches and in Las Vegas concerts, and by people over 21 years of age. Banning bump stocks, which was the response to Las Vegas, is right and good and needs to be done by law to be done legally. Banning assault weapons being purchased by under 21-year-olds is good, but we need to ban assault weapons for everybody, for the 58 vic-tims in Las Vegas as well as the vic-tims in that church in Texas—and high-capacity magazines. We need to let the CDC study. We need to act. God save America and the Chamber. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1647 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 4 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.007 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1233 February 26, 2018 
will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
ASHLYNNE MIKE AMBER ALERT IN INDIAN COUNTRY ACT Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 772) to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 772 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ashlynne Mike AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMBER ALERT GRANTS FOR INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 304 of the PROTECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20504) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Attorney General shall carry out a program to provide grants to States and Indian tribes for— ‘‘(1) the development or enhancement of programs and activities for the support of AMBER Alert communications plans; and ‘‘(2) the integration of tribal AMBER Alert systems into State AMBER Alert systems.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the integration of State or regional AMBER Alert communication plans with an Indian tribe; and’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Federal’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OF FEDERAL SHARE .—If the At- torney General determines that an Indian tribe does not have sufficient funds available to comply with the Federal share require-ment under paragraph (1) for the cost of ac-tivities funded by a grant for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (b)(4), the Attorney General may increase the Federal share of the costs for such activities to the extent the Attorney General determines necessary.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘for grants under’’ and inserting ‘‘and standards to improve accountability and transparency for grants awarded under’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); (6) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—In this section, the term ‘Indian tribe’ means a fed-erally recognized Indian tribe or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)).’’; and (7) in subsection (g)(1), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘2004’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (b)’’. SEC. 3. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit a report evaluating the readi-ness, education, and training needs, techno-logical challenges, and specific obstacles en-countered by Indian tribes in the integration of State or regional AMBER Alert commu-nication plans to— (1) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. B
IGGS) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 772, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be a sponsor of the AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act, in memory of the life of Ashlynne Mike. I want to thank the House leadership and Chairman G
OODLATTE for bringing this bill before the House for consider-ation. Eleven-year-old Ashlynne lived in the Navajo Nation, the largest Indian reservation in the United States, lo-cated in four States: Arizona, Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico. Her favorite color was yellow, and she enjoyed play-ing music for her friends and family. She was a kindhearted young girl who had enormous potential. After school on Monday, May 2, 2016, while Ashlynne and her 9-year-old brother Ian waited and played near the local bus stop, a stranger approached and lured them into his vehicle by of-fering them a ride home. He abducted the children and took them to a remote part of the reserva-tion, where he abused Ashlynne, slaughtered her, and left her brother to fend for himself in the desert. Ashlynne died alone. Ashlynne had been abducted around 4 p.m. Her father filed a missing person report at 6:53 p.m., within 3 hours. Un-fortunately, authorities did not send an AMBER Alert until 2:30 a.m. on Tuesday, almost 10 hours after Ashlynne went missing. According to law enforcement records, Tom Begay, Jr., Ashlynne’s perpetrator, admitted that Ashlynne was alive when he left her stranded in the desert. Mr. Speaker, had Indian Country been included as partners in the AMBER Alert plans, law enforcement might have rescued Ashlynne in time. She might still be alive and with us today. When a child is abducted, action in those first hours is crucial to their safe return. The AMBER Alert program has proven effective at instantly providing information to the public to assist in the effort. According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, of the AMBER Alerts issued in 2016, 94 per-cent of the recovered children were found within the first 72 hours, includ-ing 47 percent who were found within the first 3 hours. Between 1997 and February 2017, the AMBER Alert program has been cred-ited with the safe recovery of 868 chil-dren. AMBER Alerts save lives. Today, we have the opportunity to ensure all children may benefit from the AMBER Alert program if nec-essary, no matter where they reside. This bill will reauthorize the Depart-ment of Justice grant program that as-sists State and local governments in developing and implementing AMBER Alert communications plans. It will ex-plicitly require the Department of Jus-tice to perform a needs assessment of AMBER Alert capabilities on Indian reservations. It will also, for the first time, require funds be used to integrate Tribal AMBER Alert systems with those of neighboring jurisdictions to ensure that AMBER Alerts reach as many peo-ple as swiftly as possible. Mr. Speaker, I again thank House leadership and Chairman G OODLATTE  for bringing this bill forward and ac-knowledging the importance of filling a gap in our AMBER Alert system that might have prevented the death of Ashlynne. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. If enacted, this bill will help to build a truly national and cohesive network of AMBER Alert. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 772, the AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act. I strongly favor this im-portant legislation because it will pro-vide Indian Tribes with the ability to respond quickly to child abductions, thereby increasing the chances that we can avert catastrophe. Through the grant program reauthor-ized by S. 772, Tribal law enforcement agencies would develop the capacity to immediately initiate their own AMBER Alerts and allow Tribal alert systems to be integrated with the more advanced AMBER Alert communica-tions plans of State and regional law enforcement. The AMBER Alert program is a pow-erful tool that engages geographically targeted networks of law enforcement, broadcast and transparency agencies, digital signage companies, internet service providers, and the wireless in-dustry to issue urgent notifications in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.010 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1234 February 26, 2018 
the most serious cases of child abduc-tion. Such alerts can instantly galva-nize an entire community in the search for an abducted and endangered child. From its inception through January of 2018, the AMBER Alert program has directly led to the rescue of more than 900 children. Presently, the AMBER Alert program is used in all 50 States, here in the District of Columbia, in Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. AMBER Alert systems have evolved to utilize all available technology in notifying the public of a child abduc-tion. Native American Tribal commu-nities, however, are unable to take full advantage of this lifesaving program. Currently, Tribal law enforcement must rely on State or regional law en-forcement agencies off-reservation to issue the complete AMBER Alert on their behalf. This is unfortunate, and indeed it is notable because the rate of child abduction is reportedly down across the country with the sole excep-tion of Indian Country. As we all know, time is of the essence when a child is abducted or goes miss-ing. AMBER Alert plans provide a com-prehensive, rapid-response system, which is critical to success in such cases. Statistics show that roughly 74 percent of abducted children who are murdered are killed within the first 3 hours of their abduction. The time spent to coordinate with State or regional law enforcement be-fore issuing an AMBER Alert can be lengthy and can have a dire con-sequence. In 2003, the PROTECT Act estab-lished a grant program to be adminis-tered by the attorney general for the States, with the goals of strengthening AMBER Alert communications plans nationwide and developing a seamless network through the Nation, which dramatically increases the likelihood that abducted children will be recov-ered swiftly and safely. S. 772 would reauthorize $10 million for the program and would make In-dian Tribal communities eligible to re-ceive grant funds for the very first time. With this funding, Tribes will be able to develop and implement AMBER Alert communications plans of their own, and also integrate their AMBER Alert systems into and with State and regional communications plans. Awarded funds may also be used for education, training, and law enforce-ment tools and equipment related to the AMBER Alert plans. If enacted, this legislation will help build a truly national and cohesive net-work of AMBER Alert systems. Tribal law enforcement will have the ability to directly issue AMBER Alerts with-out having to rely on outside law en-forcement, while outside agencies will be available to fill in any gaps when necessary through the improved co-ordination. Mr. Speaker, accordingly, I encour-age my colleagues to join us in sup-porting this crucial piece of bipartisan legislation. S. 772 was introduced in response to a fatal abduction that occurred on the Navajo Nation in New Mexico. Eleven- year-old Ashlynne Mike was kidnapped after school, along with her brother. Her brother escaped, and, alas, she did not. That case focused attention on gaps in communication and coordination be-tween Tribal and off-reservation law enforcement. In the past, the Navajo Tribe has re-lied on New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah to activate AMBER Alerts. Before an alert issued, Tribal officers have been required to meet a list of requirements to establish a case. If the criteria are met, the officers may only then begin the process of requesting States to issue the AMBER Alert. Based on several accounts of this case, the AMBER Alert was issued 10 or more hours after Ashlynne was ab-ducted. Her abductor confessed to brutalizing her and leaving her alive to fend for herself in the desert. It was too late for Ashlynne when she was found dead a day later. Children are precious to us, and they deserve our protection wherever they may live, either on reservations or off reservations. Mr. Speaker, because we should do everything that we can to ensure that appropriate resources are allocated to efforts to recover missing or abducted children, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-league from across the aisle. This bill is truly a bipartisan effort, worked on by Members of both parties. It is be-cause of its importance. The particular case that both of us have cited today does focus the atten-tion on the massive hole where there are more than 500 Indian Tribes that do not have access to the AMBER Alert system. It is the only part of this Na-tion and its territories that is not cov-ered by the AMBER Alert system. This will solve that problem. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees and as founder and co- chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus I rise in strong support of S. 772, ‘‘AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act of 2017.’’ This bill ensures that Native American tribes would be eligible for Justice Department grants to establish AMBER Alert systems, au-thorizing a $10 million grant program. The bill would allow grants to cover costs associated with integrating tribal AMBER Alert systems into state and regional plans to en-sure broader distribution of alerts involving In-dian children. This legislation provides crucial infrastruc-ture to keep children and adults safe in all of America, whether they live on a reservation or not. The Justice Department will be able to waive their 50 percent funds matching cap if any Native American Tribe is not able to fully fund their nonfederal share of the project. Law enforcement agencies use the AMBER Alert system through radio, television, phones, email, and road alerts to alert the public of child abductions. This system is responsible for the success-ful return of over 800 missing children. The lack of coordination between tribal and state authorities, and the resulting delays in broadcasting an AMBER Alert, were blamed for the 2016 death of Ashlynne Mike, an 11- year-old Navajo girl. More than 7,500 Native American children are listed as missing in the United States. This legislation will reduce that number. This legislation facilitates coordination be-tween tribal and state authorities, resulting in faster unification of families of abducted chil-dren. Mr. Speaker, this bill will make a difference and deserves the overwhelming support of this body. The sheer volume of abduction of love ones is enough to support this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in pro-tecting our children and those suffering from abuse by supporting S. 772. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 772, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1700 STOP, OBSERVE, ASK, AND RE-SPOND TO HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 767) to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to ad-dress human trafficking in the health care system, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 767 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human trafficking’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’ as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
SEC. 3. PROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program to be known as the Stop, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.011 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1235 February 26, 2018 
Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training Program or the SOAR to Health and Wellness Training Program (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Program’’) to provide training to health care providers and other related providers, at all levels, on human trafficking in accordance with the purpose described in subsection (c). (b) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may carry out the Program through the award of grants to health care sites and health care professional organizations that represent diversity in— (1) geography; (2) the demographics of the population served; (3) the predominant types of human traf-ficking cases; and (4) health care provider profiles. (c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Program shall be to train health care providers and other related providers to enable such pro-viders to— (1) identify potential human trafficking victims; (2) implement proper protocols and proce-dures for working with law enforcement to report, and facilitate communication with, such victims, in accordance with all applica-ble Federal, State, local, and tribal require-ments, including legal confidentiality re-quirements for patients and health care pro-viders; (3) implement proper protocols and proce-dures for referring such victims to appro-priate health care, social, or victims service agencies or organizations; (4) provide such victims care that is— (A) coordinated; (B) victim centered; (C) culturally relevant; (D) comprehensive; (E) evidence-based; (F) gender responsive; (G) age-appropriate, with a focus on care for youth; and (H) trauma-informed; and (5) consider the potential for integrating the training described in paragraphs (1) through (4) with training programs, in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, for vic-tims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, stalking, child abuse, child neglect, child maltreatment, and child sex-ual exploitation. (d) F
UNCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The functions of the Pro-gram shall include the functions of the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training program that was oper-ating on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act and the authorized initia-tives described in paragraph (2). (2) A
UTHORIZED INITIATIVES .—The author-ized initiatives of the Program shall in-clude— (A) engaging stakeholders, including vic-tims of human trafficking and any Federal, State, local, or tribal partners, to develop a flexible training module— (i) for achieving the purpose described in subsection (c); and (ii) that adapts to changing needs, set-tings, health care providers, and other re-lated providers; (B) providing technical assistance for health education programs and health care professional organizations to implement health care protocols, or develop continuing education training materials, that assist in achieving the purpose described in sub-section (c); (C) facilitating the dissemination of best practices and recommendations as the Sec-retary determines appropriate; and (D) developing a reliable methodology for collecting data, and reporting such data, on the number of human trafficking victims identified and served in health care settings or other related provider settings. SEC. 4. DATA COLLECTION AND REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) D ATACOLLECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Secretary shall collect data on each of the following: (A) The total number of grantees operating under the Program. (B) The total number of health care pro-viders and other related providers trained through the Program. (2) I
NITIAL REPORT .—In addition to the data required to be collected under paragraph (1), for purposes of the initial report to be sub-mitted under subsection (b), the Secretary shall collect data on the total number of fa-cilities and health care professional organi-zations that were operating under, and the total number of health care providers and other related providers trained through, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training program that was op-erating before the establishment under sec-tion 3(a) of the Program. (b) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 90 days after the first day of each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to Congress a report on the data col-lected under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. 
SEC. 6. CUT-GO COMPLIANCE. 
Subsection (f) of section 319D of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–4) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘through 2017, and $118,300,000 for fis-cal year 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 767, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2018, introduced by our colleague, Rep-resentative S
TEVE COHEN from Ten-nessee. This bill will help in the fight against human trafficking. Worldwide, nearly 21 million people are victims of human trafficking, forced labor, or exploi-tation. This bipartisan initiative ex-pands and further codifies the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services’ Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond pro-gram, which enhances the healthcare system’s response to human trafficking by requiring the program to provide grants to healthcare sites, to work with stakeholders to develop flexible training modules, and to provide tech-nical assistance to health education programs. This legislation will teach health professionals to identify and to respond to victims of human traf-ficking. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 767, the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018. This bill expands the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond—or SOAR— training program, which provides healthcare professionals with training on how to identify and appropriately treat victims of human trafficking. Nearly 21 million people worldwide are victims of human trafficking, forced labor, or sexual exploitation. At some point, many of these unidentified victims will come into contact with healthcare professionals during their captivity. A doctor’s visit or emer-gency department trip can offer a crit-ical point of intervention for victims and a brief chance when a victim may be able to detach from traffickers. This bill will provide the necessary resources for the healthcare profes-sionals to spot victims and provide trauma-informed, culturally appro-priate care once identified. Helping healthcare professionals better recog-nize the signs of trafficking and im-prove their ability to intervene can truly be the difference between life and death. I thank the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. COHEN ) for sponsoring this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act, which is the acro-nym SOAR. In April of 2016, I worked with the Department of Homeland Security to host a Human Trafficking Awareness Training program in Memphis at the University of Tennessee. We gathered State and local law enforcement, first responders, healthcare workers, faith- based groups, and educators to discuss the importance of and strategies to combat human trafficking. This event solidified my stance and activated me to go forward with the legislation to address the human trafficking that is occurring in the United States. Shortly after, I was proud to intro-duce this bipartisan bill along with my colleagues: Congressman K
INZINGER  from Illinois, Congressman C
A´RDENAS  from California, and Congresswoman W
AGNER from Missouri in the House, as well as Senators H
EITKAMP and S USAN  C
OLLINS in the Senate. Human trafficking is the second fast-est-growing crime in Tennessee, and it is amazing that every 2 minutes some-one in the United States is entered into human trafficking. Every 2 minutes. In 2016, 8,042 cases were reported to the National Human Trafficking Hotline, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.004 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1236 February 26, 2018 
with 110 of those occurring in Ten-nessee. Those are just the cases that were reported. Human trafficking re-mains a hidden crime, and victims rarely seek help because of cultural barriers or due to fear of their traf-fickers, law enforcement, or of being deported, because many are imported into our country to engage in sex crimes. In April 2016, I joined with the De-partment of Homeland Security in hosting our conference in Memphis, and from there came our legislation. The SOAR Act directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to estab-lish a program to provide training to healthcare providers at all levels on human trafficking. Trafficking victims often end up in healthcare settings, and because traf-fickers want to maximize profits, vic-tims will not have health insurance and will not often follow up on treat-ment. And pimps and johns will beat up the women, and they will end up in a public healthcare facility because they don’t have insurance. Mr. Speaker, 57 percent of trafficking victims report physical injuries, and nearly all report having faced either sexual abuse or physical violence. These injuries caused a reported 63 per-cent of trafficking victims to go to the emergency room when they are being exploited. Many victims also end up with sexually transmitted infections, including HIV, and are at high risk of pregnancy. As a result, nearly 88 per-cent of trafficked victims are seen by a healthcare provider at some point and, more likely than not, it is in an emer-gency room. So these are the people we seek out most to train and see the signs of trafficking to be able to report it to law enforcement and help these ladies out of the situation they are in. Despite this, out of more than 5,600 hospitals in the country, only a hand-ful have a plan for treating patients who are victims of trafficking, and over 95 percent of emergency room per-sonnel are not trained to identify traf-ficking victims. As a result, it is esti-mated that only 1 percent of human trafficking victims are identified when they seek emergency care. We must encourage healthcare pro-fessionals to be alert to possible in-stances of human trafficking when vic-tims appear in clinics or doctors’ of-fices for needed care, and we must pro-vide them the additional training and resources to accomplish this goal. I am proud to work on the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act and I urge my colleagues to help pass it today. I thank my cosponsors and the Repub-lican leadership for scheduling this bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I know how important traf-ficking is for the Chair in his history, and I think the Speaker of the House has an interest in this bill, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K INZINGER ), a valuable member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and, in fact, the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 767, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act. I am a proud colead of this important bill with Mr. C
OHEN  from Tennessee, and I thank him for his work. Mr. Speaker, when someone says ‘‘human trafficking,’’ oftentimes we view it as a problem far away from our shores that affects people who are not us. It is hard to imagine that this mod-ern-day slavery is happening over here, hurting the people within our commu-nity every day. In my home State of Il-linois, we have the fifth highest num-ber of trafficking cases in this country; and the city of Rockford, in my dis-trict, is ranked second behind Chicago in human trafficking cases. The most important thing we can do to combat this heinous crime is to raise awareness. That is what the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act is designed to do. This important legisla-tion would expand on a pilot program with the Department of Health and Human Services by supporting the training of healthcare workers to iden-tify victims and best care for them through established protocols and pro-cedures. Many times, when trafficking vic-tims come to emergency rooms, healthcare professionals may not al-ways spot the signs that their patient was a victim of human trafficking. Education is critical in combating human trafficking, and our awareness could, in fact, save a life. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 767. I be-lieve it can have an impact towards identifying cases of human trafficking and helping the most vulnerable and at-risk individuals of this evil crime. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is a worthwhile bill. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 767, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MILITARY INJURY SURGICAL SYS-TEMS INTEGRATED OPERATION-ALLY NATIONWIDE TO ACHIEVE ZERO PREVENTABLE DEATHS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to ci-vilian trauma centers in order to main-tain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 880 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military In-jury Surgical Systems Integrated Operation-ally Nationwide to Achieve ZERO Prevent-able Deaths Act’’ or the ‘‘MISSION ZERO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM. 
Title XII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART I—MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PART-NERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 1291. MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNER-SHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) M ILITARY TRAUMA TEAM PLACEMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants to not more than 20 eligible high-acuity trauma centers to enable mili-tary trauma teams to provide, on a full-time basis, trauma care and related acute care at such trauma centers. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—In the case of a grant awarded under paragraph (1) to an eligible high-acuity trauma center, such grant— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of at least 3 years and not more than 5 years (and may be re-newed at the end of such period); and ‘‘(B) shall be in an amount that does not exceed $1,000,000 per year. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS AFTER PER -
FORMANCE PERIOD .—Notwithstanding section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, funds available to the Secretary for obligation for a grant under this subsection shall remain available for ex-penditure for 100 days after the last day of the performance period of such grant. ‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAUMA CARE PROVIDER  P
LACEMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants to eligible trauma centers to enable military trauma care providers to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma centers. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—In the case of a grant awarded under paragraph (1) to an eligible trauma center, such grant— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of at least 1 year and not more than 3 years (and may be re-newed at the end of such period); and ‘‘(B) shall be in an amount that does not exceed, in a year— ‘‘(i) $100,000 for each military trauma care provider that is a physician at such eligible trauma center; and ‘‘(ii) $50,000 for each other military trauma care provider at such eligible trauma center. ‘‘(c) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EPLOYMENT .—As a condition of re-ceipt of a grant under this section, a grant recipient shall agree to allow military trau-ma care providers providing care pursuant to such grant to be deployed by the Secretary of Defense for military operations, for train-ing, or for response to a mass casualty inci-dent. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under this section to an eligible trauma center may be used to train and incorporate mili-tary trauma care providers into such trauma 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.015 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1237 February 26, 2018 
center, including expenditures for mal-practice insurance, office space, information technology, specialty education and super-vision, trauma programs, research, and State license fees for such military trauma care providers. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the extent to which State licensing requirements for health care professionals are preempted by other Federal law from applying to mili-tary trauma care providers. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT TO THE SECRETARY AND THE  
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—Each eligible trau-ma center or eligible high-acuity trauma center awarded a grant under subsection (a) or (b) for a year shall submit to the Sec-retary and the Secretary of Defense a report for such year that includes information on— ‘‘(A) the number and types of trauma cases managed by military trauma teams or mili-tary trauma care providers pursuant to such grant during such year; ‘‘(B) the financial impact of such grant on the trauma center; ‘‘(C) the educational impact on resident trainees in centers where military trauma teams are assigned; ‘‘(D) any research conducted during such year supported by such grant; and ‘‘(E) any other information required by the Secretaries for the purpose of evaluating the effect of such grant. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less than once every 2 years, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report to Congress that in-cludes information on the effect of placing military trauma care providers in trauma centers awarded grants under this section on— ‘‘(A) maintaining readiness of military trauma care providers for battlefield inju-ries; ‘‘(B) providing health care to civilian trau-ma patients in both urban and rural settings; ‘‘(C) the capability to respond to surges in trauma cases, including as a result of a large scale event; and ‘‘(D) the financial State of the trauma cen-ters. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE TRAUMA CENTER .—The term ‘eligible trauma center’ means a Level I, II, or III trauma center that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(A) Such trauma center has an agreement with the Secretary of Defense to enable mili-tary trauma care providers to provide trau-ma care and related acute care at such trau-ma center. ‘‘(B) Such trauma center utilizes a risk-ad-justed benchmarking system to measure per-formance and outcomes, such as the Trauma Quality Improvement Program of the Amer-ican College of Surgeons. ‘‘(C) Such trauma center demonstrates a need for integrated military trauma care providers to maintain or improve the trauma clinical capability of such trauma center. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE HIGH -ACUITY TRAUMA CEN -
TER.—The term ‘eligible high-acuity trauma center’ means a Level I trauma center that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(A) Such trauma center has an agreement with the Secretary of Defense to enable mili-tary trauma teams to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma cen-ter. ‘‘(B) At least 20 percent of patients of such trauma center in the most recent 3-month period for which data is available are treated for a major trauma at such trauma center. ‘‘(C) Such trauma center utilizes a risk-ad-justed benchmarking system to measure per-formance and outcomes, such as the Trauma Quality Improvement Program of the Amer-ican College of Surgeons. ‘‘(D) Such trauma center is an academic training center— ‘‘(i) affiliated with a medical school; ‘‘(ii) that maintains residency programs and fellowships in critical trauma specialties and subspecialties, and provides education and supervision of military trauma team members according to those specialties and subspecialties; and ‘‘(iii) that undertakes research in the pre-vention and treatment of traumatic injury. ‘‘(E) Such trauma center serves as a dis-aster response leader for its community, such as by participating in a partnership for State and regional hospital preparedness es-tablished under section 319C–2. ‘‘(3) MAJOR TRAUMA .—The term ‘major trauma’ means an injury that is greater than or equal to 15 on the injury severity score. ‘‘(4) M
ILITARY TRAUMA TEAM .—The term ‘military trauma team’ means a complete military trauma team consisting of military trauma care providers. ‘‘(5) M
ILITARY TRAUMA CARE PROVIDER .— The term ‘military trauma care provider’ means a member of the Armed Forces who furnishes emergency, critical care, and other trauma acute care, including a physician, military surgeon, physician assistant, nurse, respiratory therapist, flight paramedic, com-bat medic, or enlisted medical technician. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which— ‘‘(A) $4,500,000 shall be for carrying out sub-section (a); and ‘‘(B) $2,500,000 shall be for carrying out sub-section (b); ‘‘(2) $12,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which— ‘‘(A) $8,000,000 shall be for carrying out sub-section (a); and ‘‘(B) $4,000,000 shall be for carrying out sub-section (b); and ‘‘(3) $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2022, of which— ‘‘(A) $10,000,000 shall be for carrying out subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) $5,000,000 shall be for carrying out sub-section (b).’’. 
SEC. 3. CUT-GO COMPLIANCE. 
Subsection (f) of section 319D of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–4) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘through 2017, and $75,300,000 for fis-cal year 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 40 years ago I was an in-tern and resident at Parkland Hospital in Dallas. Any intern or resident will tell you the month of July is signifi-cant in the life of an intern or resident. You were last week’s medical student, and you are this week’s intern man-aging the emergency room; or you were last year’s intern, and you are this week’s house officer managing perhaps a busy practice, perhaps a busy emer-gency room. As such, every intern and resident remembers the end of that first week of their internship or resi-dency. It is just something that you do. You got through the first week of what was a very trying time. So I remember well July 7 of my internship, July 7 of my residency. Mr. Speaker, in 2016, July 7 also took on additional significance in Dallas, Texas. Five police officers were killed and 9 more were injured during a shooting in downtown Dallas. In the immediate aftermath of the attack, area hospitals sprang into action and activated their disaster plans. I am proud to say that the staff at Parkland Hospital, the staff at Baylor University Hospital, and other medical profes-sionals provided excellent emergency care to the victims of the attack. Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we have people who are able to respond when called. Now, additionally, I have long believed that the American mili-tary is the arsenal of democracy and that it is critical for upholding freedom in the world. Each member of the United States Armed Forces has an im-portant role in a collective team effort. This is especially true in a combat zone, where trauma surgeons are some of the most crucial members of the Armed Forces. These medical profes-sionals are trained to save the lives of soldiers who sustain traumatic injuries on the battlefield, and they are some of the best in the business. However, as wars wind down and our soldiers come home, the experience that military trauma surgeons have gained overseas may be diminished or lost unless these surgeons continue to train and to prepare for their next pos-sible deployment. To let this expertise and skill drift away would be a signifi-cant loss to trauma patients, both at home and abroad. Trauma, Mr. Speak-er, is not limited to the battlefields and active conflicts. Unfortunately, no community is immune from the threat of traumatic injury, and community doctors must be prepared to give life-saving care to trauma victims. However, there is a way that we can ensure trained combat surgeons’ skills are utilized to help American patients here in the homeland who need it. The MISSION ZERO Act seeks to connect American patients with battle-tested trauma care through the craft of mili-tary trauma care providers. The bill provides grants to allow military trau-ma care providers and teams to offer care in our Nation’s leading trauma centers and systems. Here is the bottom line: the MISSION ZERO Act is a win for both civilian pa-tients and military trauma doctors. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that this bipartisan legislation has finally come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.009 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1238 February 26, 2018 
to the floor. Along with my fellow Texan, Mr. G
ENE GREEN , I introduced this bill in 2016 following that particu-larly traumatic incident that struck so close to home. Texas is not unique in its need for this expertise. Over the last few months alone, our Nation has wit-nessed a need for trauma care hospitals across the country. One such incident was the Amtrak derailment near Du-pont, Washington, on December 18, 2017. That incident resulted in 3 pas-senger fatalities and 70 injuries over a busy freeway. As we have seen, having access to ex-perienced trauma care can become the difference between life and death for a critically injured patient. There is no doubt that integrating military physi-cians into the trauma and disaster sys-tem is beneficial not only for American patients, but also for American sol-diers. I am encouraged by the bipartisan ef-fort to support both our servicemen and our Nation’s trauma system, and I thank the cosponsors from both sides of the aisle for their support of this im-portant legislation. Quite simply, the MISSION ZERO Act is common sense, and I urge Mem-bers to join me in supporting this life-saving legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 880, the Military Injury Sur-gical Systems Integrated Operationally Nationwide to Achieve ZERO Prevent-able Deaths Act, or MISSION ZERO Act. I am proud to have worked closely with Energy and Commerce Sub-committee on Health Chairman B
UR-
GESS and my colleagues from Florida and North Carolina, Representative C
ASTOR and Representative H UDSON , on this legislation. The MISSION ZERO Act will help us move towards a trauma system that achieves the goal of zero preventable traumatic deaths. Whether in response to a gruesome sports injury, a car accident on the highway, or, unfortunately, a tragic event like the recent school shooting in Parkland, Florida, Americans of all ages and backgrounds depend on our trauma care system to respond with skilled experts to provide the services necessary to save lives and prevent dis-ability. The MISSION ZERO Act will help us ensure access to quality trauma care based on the best available evidence by establishing a grant program to assist civilian trauma centers to partner with military trauma professionals. This partnership will benefit our civilian trauma centers by increasing the avail-ability of trauma professionals to serve in trauma centers across the United States. This partnership will benefit our military trauma system by allowing trauma professionals to maintain their trauma care capabilities during times of peace and help ensure they are pre-pared to meet the needs of our heroes on the battlefield. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure that Ameri-cans in need of trauma services, wheth-er civilian or in the Armed Forces, re-ceive the highest quality of care pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ), the cosponsor of the bill, and I thank the cosponsors of this bill for serving on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the MISSION ZERO Act, H.R. 880, and I would like to thank Chairman B
URGESS , Ranking Member G
ENEGREEN from Texas, and Mr. H
UDSON from North Carolina for sponsoring this legislation with me. The MISSION ZERO Act will assist the Department of Defense in assigning trauma surgeons to our civilian trau-ma centers. It will help fill the gap that we currently have in care recently examined by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. The MISSION ZERO Act will estab-lish grant initiatives for eligible trau-ma systems to incorporate full mili-tary trauma teams or individual mili-tary trauma providers into our hos-pitals—the ones that have busy emer-gency rooms. This mutually beneficial partnership will allow civilian doctors and nurses and care providers the chance to learn more about military best practices and will give our military trauma care pro-viders the opportunity to utilize their cutting-edge expertise without leaving the military. I have seen this initiative in action already back home in Tampa at Tampa General Hospital, located just a few miles down the road from MacDill Air Force Base, which is home to U.S. Cen-tral Command, U.S. Special Operations Command, and the 6th Air Mobility Wing, which is also home to the 6th Air Medical Group. Since about 2011, they have had an ongoing partnership to do just what this bill provides: create a lot of energy and shared expertise in the civilian trauma center at Tampa General Hos-pital and bring in the military special-ists so they can continue to hone their caregiving and craft. They use nurses, surgeons, and all sorts of specialists. The initiative allows military and ci-vilian medical teams to work in the most intense trauma environments— that is, our level one trauma center— and take very good care of folks all across central Florida. These partner-ships are vital for continued training for our community and our military. I think Dr. B
URGESS and Mr. G ENE G
REEN from Texas are doing a great service by replicating this in other trauma centers across the United States. The MISSION ZERO Act is endorsed by the American Congress of Neuro-logical Surgeons, American College of Emergency Physicians, American Col-lege of Surgeons, and the Trauma Care Association of America. Again, I thank Dr. BURGESS , Ranking Member G
ENEGREEN from Texas, Mr. H
UDSON , and all my Energy and Com-merce colleagues, and I urge everyone here in the House to support this im-portant bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 880, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONGENITAL HEART FUTURES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1222) to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal con-genital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1222 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM. 
Section 399V–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–13) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–2. NATIONAL CONGENITAL HEART DIS-EASE RESEARCH, SURVEILLANCE, AND AWARENESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) enhance and expand research and sur-veillance infrastructure to study and track the epidemiology of congenital heart disease (in this section referred to as ‘CHD’); and ‘‘(2) award grants to eligible entities to under-take the activities described in this section. ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE  S
TUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall plan, develop, implement, and submit one or more re-ports to the Congress on a study to improve un-derstanding of the epidemiology of CHD across the lifespan, from birth to adulthood, with par-ticular interest in the following: ‘‘(A) Health care utilization of those affected by CHD. ‘‘(B) Demographic factors associated with CHD, such as age, race, ethnicity, gender, and family history of individuals who are diagnosed with the disease. ‘‘(C) Outcome measures, such that analysis of the outcome measures will allow derivation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.018 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1239 February 26, 2018 
evidence-based best practices and guidelines for CHD patients. ‘‘(2) P
ERMISSIBLE CONSIDERATIONS .—The study under this subsection may— ‘‘(A) gather data on the health outcomes of a diverse population of those affected by CHD; ‘‘(B) consider health disparities among those affected by CHD, which may include the consid-eration of prenatal exposures; and ‘‘(C) incorporate behavioral, emotional, and educational outcomes of those affected by CHD. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Data generated from the study under this subsection shall be made avail-able— ‘‘(A) for purposes of CHD research, subject to appropriate protections of personal privacy, in-cluding protections required by paragraph (4); and ‘‘(B) to the public, subject to paragraph (4) and with appropriate exceptions for protection of personal privacy. ‘‘(4) P
ATIENT PRIVACY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the study under this subsection is carried out in a manner that complies with the requirements applicable to a covered entity under the regulations promulgated pursuant to section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (a)(2), an entity shall— ‘‘(1) be a public or private nonprofit entity with specialized experience in CHD; and ‘‘(2) submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 3. CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE RESEARCH. 
Section 425 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285b–8) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 425. CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Insti-tute may expand, intensify, and coordinate re-search and related activities of the Institute with respect to congenital heart disease, which may include congenital heart disease research with respect to— ‘‘(1) causation of congenital heart disease, in-cluding genetic causes; ‘‘(2) long-term outcomes in individuals with congenital heart disease, including infants, chil-dren, teenagers, adults, and elderly individuals; ‘‘(3) diagnosis, treatment, and prevention; ‘‘(4) studies using longitudinal data and retro-spective analysis to identify effective treatments and outcomes for individuals with congenital heart disease; and ‘‘(5) identifying barriers to lifelong care for in-dividuals with congenital heart disease. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION OF RESEARCH ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Director of the Institute may coordi-nate research efforts related to congenital heart disease among multiple research institutions and may develop research networks. ‘‘(c) M
INORITY AND MEDICALLY UNDERSERVED  C
OMMUNITIES .—In carrying out the activities described in this section, the Director of the In-stitute shall consider the application of such re-search and other activities to minority and medically underserved communities. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT FROM NIH.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Con-genital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017, the Director of NIH, acting through the Director of the Institute, shall provide a report to Congress— ‘‘(1) outlining the ongoing research efforts of the National Institutes of Health regarding con-genital heart disease; and ‘‘(2) identifying— ‘‘(A) future plans for research regarding con-genital heart disease; and ‘‘(B) the areas of greatest need for such re-search.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Fu-tures Reauthorization Act, introduced by my Energy and Commerce col-league, Representative G
USBILIRAKIS  from Florida. This important initiative will en-hance current Federal efforts address-ing congenital heart disease, which is the most common birth defect and leading cause of mortality in infants. This bipartisan legislation enhances re-search and surveillance at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, awards grants to further study con-genital heart disease, and directs the National Institutes of Health to report on their current research efforts in this space. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Re-authorization Act, led by Congressman B
ILIRAKIS and Congressman S CHIFF  from California. This legislation reauthorizes the Congenital Heart Futures Act, which was enacted in 2010, as part of the Af-fordable Care Act. The Congenital Heart Futures Reau-thorization Act builds on the success of current efforts by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention to im-prove and expand research, monitoring, and public outreach and educational programs relating to congenital heart disease. This bill requires the National Insti-tutes of Health to issue a report out-lining current and future research plans with respect to congenital heart disease. Each year, more than 40,000 babies are born in the United States with a congenital heart defect. One million children and 1.4 million adults are cur-rently living with congenital heart dis-orders. Individuals living with a con-genital heart disease often require spe-cialized care and remain at risk of dis-ability or premature death throughout their life. More research and surveillance is needed to improve our knowledge of why congenital heart defects develop and how they can be effectively treat-ed. This legislation will help expand our understanding of congenital heart disease across the lifespan and has the potential to improve the lives of the millions of children and adults living with congenital heart disease in Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), the principal author of this bill. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Con-genital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, which will reauthorize and ensure continued investment in surveillance research to assess the lifelong needs of individuals with congenital heart de-fects, or CHDs. These surveillance efforts will help improve our understanding of CHD across the lifespan, from birth to adult-hood. This research will help us learn more about demographic factors such as age, race, gender, or ethnicity. In addition, the legislation empha-sizes the need for continued biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of CHD. NIH will further research into the causes of congenital heart defects, in-cluding genetic causes, and study long- term outcomes in individuals with CHD of all ages. Also, NIH may study data to identify effective treatments and outcomes and identify barriers to life-long care for individuals with con-genital heart defects. CHD is the most common birth defect and the leading cause of birth defect- related infant mortality. For the Down syndrome community, about half of the children born with Down syndrome have CHD. It is a true public health issue and, as late-night show host Jimmy Kimmel noted, it does not dis-criminate by race, gender, or socio-economic status. The road ahead may be scary and un-certain for any parent with a newborn who has CHD, but this bill helps give hope to those coping with the diag-nosis. Nearly 1 in 100 babies are born with CHD, and more than 5 percent will not live to see their first birthday, un-fortunately. We have to change that. Even for those who receive successful intervention, it is not a cure. We have to change that. Children and adults born with CHD require ongoing, costly, specialized cardiac care and face a lifelong risk of permanent disability and premature death. We must change that. As a result, healthcare utilization among the CHD population is signifi-cantly higher than the general popu-lation. It is estimated that, compared to their peers, the medical costs for in-dividuals with congenital heart defects are 10 to 20 times greater. Hospitalization costs for pediatric patients alone total more than $5.6 bil-lion each year, which is 15 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.005 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1240 February 26, 2018 
all hospitalization costs for patients 20 years of age and younger. Despite its prevalence and signifi-cance, there are still gaps in research and standards of care for CHD patients. But for the sake of the estimated 40,000 babies, Mr. Speaker, who will be born in the next year with CHD, there is more work to be done. Mr. Speaker, I began this journey al-most 10 years ago, when then-Congress-man Zack Space and I first introduced the Congenital Heart Futures Act. Last Congress, Congressman S
CHIFF and I reintroduced the reauthorization of the original bill. During that time, I met a lot of patients with congenital heart defects along the way, and I have been touched by their stories. There are people like Trey and Nicole Flynn, a young Floridian couple who lost their son, Holden, while waiting for a heart transplant. He was only 2 years old. This bill supports the essential re-search necessary to make sure another family doesn’t have to leave the hos-pital without their child in their arms. There is also Lucas Iguina, a young man born with a complex congenital heart disease that essentially left him with half a heart. b1730 Despite having three open-heart sur-geries, Mr. Speaker, and countless doc-tor visits and medical procedures, Lucas has hopes and dreams like every other child. This bill ensures that the medical research will keep pace with his generation as they grow to be adults. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Jackson Radandt, born with half a heart, has hypoplastic left heart syndrome, which means the left side of his heart was under-developed. He depended on lifesaving research to help his failing heart sur-vive until his heart transplant at age 11. He is a teenager now and will live his life with a heightened sensitivity for his new heart. Nicholas Basken was born with com-plex heart disease and wasn’t getting blood to the lower half of his body, re-quiring heart surgery when he was just 2 days old. He is now at the top of his class, and this bill will ensure that his future remains bright as he navigates this chronic illness throughout his adulthood. Abigail Adams is a young Florida ad-vocate, whom I will meet again tomor-row, with Down syndrome. Roughly half of the babies born with Down syn-drome, Mr. Speaker, have a congenital heart defect. Abigail continues to advo-cate for individuals with Down syn-drome. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. BILIRAKIS. My friend, David Peluso, was born with pulmonary ste-nosis, a condition where the pulmonary valve will not open properly. He had surgery, again, emergency open-heart surgery, at 2 days old, another correc-tive surgery at age 10, and many hos-pital visits and procedures in the meantime. Today, again, we are giving these children hope. Today, he is a husband and a father to two kids, trying to live a normal life with atrial flutter that requires additional surgeries. This bill will continue the surveillance program so we can collect data on children and adults with congenital heart problems. I can go on and on, Mr. Speaker. Thank you so very much, and let’s pass this great bill for our children and give them hope. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I want to thank, also, the cosponsors of the bill, both Congressman S
CHIFF  and a member of our committee, Con-gressman B
ILIRAKIS , for introducing this reauthorization bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Congenital Heart Futures Reau-thorization Act. This legislation was introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), a colleague and good friend, to address a very seri-ous issue. Congenital heart disease is the lead-ing cause of infant mortality and is the most common birth defect found in young children. These children grow up facing a wealth of health issues that will have a tremendous impact on them for the rest of their lives. They often require specialized care, including car-diac care, and are subjected to a life-time of risk for disability or premature death. This legislation enhances research and surveillance at the CDC to ensure that our medical community and the research to support their efforts are the best available for treatment. It also establishes grants to further study congenital heart disease so that we can better combat this disease and the harm it causes in so many people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible disease that leaves people never knowing when it could strike. Like other diseases, we need to better understand how it devel-ops and impacts people so that we have a better chance of fighting it and sav-ing lives. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for getting this legislation passed through the Energy and Com-merce Committee, and I support its passage. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BUR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1222, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SICKLE CELL DISEASE RESEARCH, SURVEILLANCE, PREVENTION, AND TREATMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2410) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveil-lance, prevention, and treatment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2410 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveil-lance, Prevention, and Treatment Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Sickle cell disease research. Sec. 3. Sickle cell disease surveillance. Sec. 4. Sickle cell disease prevention and treatment. Sec. 5. Collaboration with community-based entities. 
SEC. 2. SICKLE CELL DISEASE RESEARCH. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act is amended by inserting after section 399V–6 (42 U.S.C. 280g–17) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–7. NATIONAL SICKLE CELL DISEASE RESEARCH, SURVEILLANCE, PRE-VENTION, AND TREATMENT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) R ESEARCH .—The Secretary may con-duct or support research to expand the un-derstanding of the cause of, and to find a cure for, sickle cell disease.’’. 
SEC. 3. SICKLE CELL DISEASE SURVEILLANCE. 
Section 399V–7 of the Public Health Service Act, as added by section 2, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) S
URVEILLANCE .— ‘‘(1) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may, for each fiscal year for which appropriations are available to carry out this subsection, make grants to not more than 20 States— ‘‘(A) to conduct surveillance and maintain data on the prevalence and distribution of sickle cell disease and its associated health outcomes, complications, and treatments; ‘‘(B) to conduct public health initiatives with respect to sickle cell disease, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) increasing efforts to improve access to, and receipt of, high-quality sickle cell dis-ease-related health care, including the use of treatments approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or li-censed under section 351 of this Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.023 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1241 February 26, 2018 
‘‘(ii) working with partners to improve health outcomes of people with sickle cell disease over the lifespan by promoting guide-lines for sickle cell disease screening, pre-vention, and treatment, including manage-ment of sickle cell disease complications; ‘‘(iii) providing support to community- based organizations and State and local health departments in conducting sickle cell disease education and training activities for patients, communities, and health care pro-viders; and ‘‘(iv) supporting and training State health departments and regional laboratories in comprehensive testing to identify specific forms of sickle cell disease in people of all ages; and ‘‘(C) to identify and evaluate promising strategies for prevention and treatment of sickle cell disease complications, including through— ‘‘(i) improving estimates of the national incidence and prevalence of sickle cell dis-ease, including estimates about the specific types of sickle cell disease; ‘‘(ii) identifying health disparities related to sickle cell disease; ‘‘(iii) assessing the utilization of therapies and strategies to prevent complications re-lated to sickle cell disease; and ‘‘(iv) evaluating the impact of genetic, en-vironmental, behavioral, and other risk fac-tors that may affect sickle cell disease health outcomes. ‘‘(2) P
OPULATION INCLUDED .—The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, award grants under this subsection to States across the United States so as to include data on the majority of the United States population with sickle cell disease. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabil-ities. ‘‘(B) The term ‘State’ includes the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau.’’. 
SEC. 4. SICKLE CELL DISEASE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 712(c) of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–357; 42 U.S.C. 300b–1 note) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sickle cell disease’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘grants to up to 40 eligible entities for each fiscal year in which the program is conducted under this section for the purpose of devel-oping and establishing systemic mechanisms to improve the prevention and treatment of Sickle Cell Disease’’ and inserting ‘‘grants to up to 25 eligible entities for each fiscal year in which the program is conducted under this section for the purpose of developing and establishing systemic mechanisms to improve the prevention and treatment of sickle cell disease in populations with a high density of sickle cell disease patients’’; (3) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by striking clause (ii) (relating to pri-ority); and (B) by striking ‘‘G
RANT AWARD REQUIRE -
MENTS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘G
EO-GRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—The Administrator shall’’; (4) in paragraph (2), by adding the fol-lowing new subparagraph at the end: ‘‘(E) To expand, coordinate, and implement transition services for adolescents with sick-le cell disease making the transition to adult health care.’’; and (5) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,455,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CHANGES .—Subsection (c) of section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–357; 42 U.S.C. 300b–1 note), as amended by subsection (a), is— (1) transferred to the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.); and (2) inserted at the end of section 399V–7 of such Act, as added and amended by sections 2 and 3 of this Act. 
SEC. 5. COLLABORATION WITH COMMUNITY- BASED ENTITIES. 
Section 399V–7 of the Public Health Service Act, as amended by section 4, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
OLLABORATION WITH COMMUNITY - B
ASED ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a grant or other assistance under subsection (b) or (c), an entity must have in effect a col-laborative agreement with a community- based organization with 5 or more years of experience in providing services to sickle cell disease patients.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Pre-vention, and Treatment Act of 2017, in-troduced by the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS). This reau-thorizes the sickle cell disease preven-tion and treatment demonstration pro-gram. Sickle cell disease causes blockages of small vessels leading to various health complications. By improving re-search, surveillance, prevention, and treatment, along with enhancing col-laboration with community-based enti-ties focussing on sickle cell disease, this important legislation will help im-prove outcomes in patients suffering from this inherited blood disorder, which currently affects 1 in 500 Afri-can-American births. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treat-ment Act, introduced by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) and Energy and Commerce Health Sub-committee Chairman B
URGESS . Sickle cell disease is a group of in-herited red blood cell disorders where red blood cells become hard and sticky and have a C shape. When these sickle cells travel through the blood vessels, they can get stuck and clog the blood flow. When this occurs, it often causes extreme pain and other serious health problems, including infections, lung-re-lated complications, and stroke. 100,000 Americans are living with sickle cell disease today. These individ-uals need comprehensive treatment throughout their lives in order to man-age their symptoms and prevent their disease from worsening, which requires a robust network of providers available to treat sickle cell patients at every stage of life. H.R. 2410 would reauthorize the Sick-le Cell Disease Treatment Demonstra-tion Program, allowing the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to invest critical resources in research, surveillance, and public health initia-tives for sickle cell disease. These in-vestments will help bolster the sickle cell workforce and improve treatments for sickle cell patients of all ages. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, let me just, first of all, com-mend Representative B
URGESS , chair-man of the subcommittee, and Mr. G
REEN , as well as Representative B
UTTERFIELD and all of the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for their leadership in bringing this bill to this point at this moment. As we just heard, sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder charac-terized by affected red blood cells that mutate into the shape of a crescent or sickle, and, as such, these cells are un-able to pass through small blood ves-sels. It is a recessive genetic condition that occurs when a child inherits two sickle cell genes or traits from each parent. The consequences and complications of this disease are extreme. The Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, with whom we have worked for many years, has studied and reported that common complications with this dis-ease include early childhood death from infection; stroke in young chil-dren and adults; lung problems similar to pneumonia; chronic damage to or-gans, including the kidney, leading to kidney failure, and to the lungs, caus-ing pulmonary hypertension; and se-vere painful episodes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.006 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1242 February 26, 2018 
In fact, pain episodes are a hallmark of sickle cell disease. They are unpre-dictable in many ways, both the timing of when they occur—how severe they will be—and how long they will last. For those with the disease, these dev-astating pain episodes can start as early as 6 months of age and can span a lifetime, impacting school attend-ance and participation in the work-force. In fact, these pain crises con-tribute significantly to the 200,000 emergency room visits collectively made by sufferers of sickle cell disease each year in our country. A typical cri-sis will result in a hospital stay of 7 to 10 days. Mr. Speaker, we have made a tremen-dous amount of progress in the treat-ment, research, and effective ways of dealing with this disease. I note that more than 20 years ago I worked with the project at the University of Illinois running a sickle cell education project, and I have seen much of that progress that we have talked about, but we still have a long way to go. There is still tremendous need for research. There is need for additional treatment modali-ties. So, again, I thank all of those who have demonstrated support for this im-portant legislation. I urge its passage. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), our colleague on the committee whom I call ‘‘Judge,’’ just like I do you, because you are both former district judges. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveil-lance, Prevention, and Treatment Act. I want to commend my friends Rep-resentative D
ANNY DAVIS and Rep-resentative Dr. M
ICHAEL BURGESS for their tireless work in this space. Both of these men have a lifetime of service in the delivery of healthcare, the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). I thank both of them for their incredible work. I have been a lifetime advocate, Mr. Speaker, for addressing sickle cell dis-ease, and I am proud to cosponsor this bill. I have done so in previous Con-gresses. Sickle cell disease is the most com-mon genetic blood disorder. It affects approximately 100,000 individuals, pri-marily African Americans, throughout the country. Sickle cell disease awareness is sig-nificant to me for many reasons. One, because this disorder affects many of my constituents in North Carolina. It is significant, Mr. Speaker, because I had a dear cousin, whose name was Rubie Butterfield Mizell, who, in 1972, passed away from this disease in Opa- locka, Florida. People with sickle cell disease have red blood cells with abnormal types of hemoglobin, often causing anemia, jaundice, and the formation of gall-stones. What is truly frightening is that sickle cell disease does not have a cure. The most widely used treatment for sickle cell disease was modern medi-cine 20 years ago that can reduce the number of episodes but does not elimi-nate them or their severity. The health challenges facing people with sickle cell disease are enormous. The disease is widespread. The con-sequences can be dire, and that is why the Congressional Black Caucus and the Health Brain Trust of the Congres-sional Black Caucus have made these a priority in our agenda over the years under the leadership of the gentle-woman from Chicago, Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). b1745 People with sickle cell disease have a much shorter life expectancy, with me-dian ages of death for males of only 33 years and for females of only 36 years. These patients are also more likely to have additional health complications, including stroke, blood clots, loss of vi-sion, and lung and kidney failure. There are approximately 4,400 people with sickle cell disease in North Caro-lina. I am sure that, Mr. Speaker, in the State of Texas, it may be even more. My hope is that someday there will be none. That is why we must reauthorize the Sickle Cell Disease Treatment Dem-onstration Program to enable the Sec-retary of HHS to support research to increase our understanding of the dis-ease, and create a grant program to study the prevalence of sickle cell and identify ways to prevent and treat sickle cell disease effectively. Sixty-five percent of individuals with this disease in North Carolina have at least one emergency room visit per year. That is no way to live. I am sure Dr. B
URGESS , when he practiced medi-cine in his home State, saw many, many patients who were similarly situ-ated. We should do all that we can to help improve patients’ lives, advance treat-ment, and find a cure. I am grateful for the opportunity to move this bill through the House, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting it. I thank Dr. B
URGESS , Mr. D AVIS, and Mr. G
REEN for their work. All of these gentlemen have done a great job in this space. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I was surprised to learn at the legislative hearing that we had on this bill—and it has been now sev-eral months ago—that there had not been a new FDA-approved treatment for sickle cell in 40 year’s time. Now, my understanding is that may have changed recently, but that is way too long. We do need to improve research, surveillance, prevention, and treat-ment, and really take care of those pa-tients who are suffering with this dis-ease. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I thank Mr. DAVIS for bringing it to our attention. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support to H.R. 2410, the ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treat-ment Act of 2017.’’ I support this bipartisan legislation because it will improve the way states study and mon-itor sickle cell disease. This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Department of Health and Human Services to make grants to states to: Collect data on the prevalence and distribu-tion of sickle cell disease; Conduct sickle cell disease public health ini-tiatives to improve access to care and health outcomes; and Identify and evaluate strategies for preven-tion and treatment of sickle cell disease com-plications. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that: Sickle cell disease affects 90,000 to 100,000; Americans; Sickle cell disease occurs among about 1 out of every 500 Black or African-American births; Sickle cell disease occurs among about 1 out of every 36,000 Hispanic-American births; Sickle Cell Trait occurs among about 1 in 12 Blacks or African Americans. If one parent has sickle cell 4 anemia and the other has sickle cell trait, there is a 50 per-cent chance (or 1 out of 2) of having a baby with either sickle cell disease or sickle cell trait with each pregnancy. It is critical that infants with Sickle Cell are identified early. Sickle cell-related deaths among African- American children younger than 4 years of age fell by 42 percent from 1999 through 2002. This drop coincided with the introduction in 2000 of a vaccine that protects against invasive pneumococcal disease. Many racial health disparities stem from lack of access to quality healthcare and proper health awareness. Certain medical illnesses are known to be more prevalent in certain demographic groups, including type II diabetes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer for which African Americans are more than twice as likely to be diagnosed on average. As a Member of Congress, I have been a staunch advocate for my constituents to find a cure for sickle cell disease. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation will prepare states to combat sickle cell disease in the 21st century, while helping provide access to healthcare for Americans. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of H.R. 2410. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2410. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.026 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1243 February 26, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2422 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Action for Den-tal Health Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTEER DENTAL PROJECTS AND AC-TION FOR DENTAL HEALTH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 317M of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–14) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
CTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Service Administra-tion, may award grants to or enter into con-tracts with eligible entities to collaborate with State, county, or local public officials and other stakeholders to develop and implement initia-tives to accomplish any of the following goals: ‘‘(A) To improve oral health education and dental disease prevention, including through community-wide prevention programs, through the use of dental sealants and fluoride varnish, and by increasing oral health literacy. ‘‘(B) To reduce geographic barriers, language barriers, cultural barriers, and other similar barriers to the provision of dental services. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that is— ‘‘(A) a State or local dental association; ‘‘(B) a State oral health program; ‘‘(C) a dental education, dental hygiene, or postdoctoral dental education program accred-ited by the Commission on Dental Accreditation; or ‘‘(D) a community-based organization that— ‘‘(i) partners with an academic institution; ‘‘(ii) is exempt from tax under section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(iii) partners with public and private stake-holders to facilitate the provision of dental serv-ices for underserved populations.’’; and (3) in subsection (g), as redesignated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘$18,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. 
SEC. 3. GRANTS FOR INNOVATIVE PROGRAMS. 
Section 340G of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the establishment of dental homes for children and adults, including for the aged, blind, and disabled populations; ‘‘(E) the establishment of initiatives to reduce the use of emergency departments by individuals who seek dental services more appropriately de-livered in a dental primary care setting; and ‘‘(F) the provision of dental care to nursing home residents;’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘$25,000,000 for the 5-fiscal year period beginning with fiscal year 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘$13,903,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2017, introduced by Rep-resentative R
OBIN KELLY . The bill reauthorizes the oral health promotion and disease prevention pro-grams at the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention and permits the CDC to award grants or enter into con-tracts with stakeholders to develop projects to improve oral health edu-cation and dental disease prevention. This bill also reauthorizes HRSA’s Grants to States to Support Oral Health Workforce Activities and per-mits States to establish dental homes, mobile or portable dental clinics, ini-tiatives to reduce the use of emergency departments by patients seeking dental services, and initiatives to provide den-tal care to nursing home residents. Good oral health is an important component of good overall health, and this bill takes important steps to help improve the dental care in underserved communities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act, sponsored by my colleague, Congress-woman R
OBIN KELLY from Illinois. For millions of Americans, affordable dental care is hard to find and des-perately needed. According to the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Preven-tion, nearly half of all individuals in our country over the age of 30 suffer from some form of gum disease. One in four children under the age of 5 already have cavities. The lack of basic oral health services in some communities today leads many Americans to delay treatment to the point the pain is so severe that they rush to the emergency room, where they receive expensive treatment for common dental issues. Dental care is necessary for more than cosmetic reasons. Good oral health is vital to a person’s overall health. Bad oral health can be a sign of larger health issues. Increasing access to affordable dental care would lower the number of emer-gency department visits for prevent-able oral health conditions and reduce the risk of chronic disease. The Action for Dental Health Act will make grants available through the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, and the Health Resources and Services Administration, for programs to improve oral health for underserved populations. This legislation will make it possible for groups, such as State health depart-ments and nonprofit dental societies, to receive funding for critical oral health services. These services may in-clude providing dental services to nurs-ing home residents, operating a mobile dental clinic, or implementing an emergency room program so patients can receive dental care in the dentist’s chair instead of the ER. I thank the bill’s sponsors for their bipartisan work on this important leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Action for Dental Health Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ), the sponsor of this bill. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, as February’s National Children’s Den-tal Health Month draws to a close, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for their leadership in making sure that this bill came to the floor today. It has been a tremendous honor to work with my colleague, Mr. S
IMPSON  from Idaho, in moving this legislation that I am intensely passionate about— the Action for Dental Health Act. I want to acknowledge that, while Members of this Chamber may not al-ways see eye-to-eye on matters of health policy, I am proud that my col-leagues were able to work together in a constructive, compassionate, and con-siderate way to address the critical public health matter of improving oral health in America. Mr. Speaker, all Americans deserve a healthy smile; but, sadly, each year, tens of millions of Americans forego needed oral healthcare due to poverty, fear, language or cultural barriers, or the simple fact that there isn’t a den-tist in the area in which they live. We know that regular visits to a den-tist can do more than keep your smile attractive. They can tell a whole lot about your overall health, including whether or not you may be developing a disease like diabetes, or if you are at risk for a stroke. Fifty million Americans live in places with limited access to dental care, and economically vulnerable adults are almost twice as likely to have had no dental care in the previous year than Americans in middle- and upper-income brackets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.029 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1244 February 26, 2018 
Dental problems are a leading prob-lem of school absences for kids and missed work for parents. Oral health has a direct relationship with school performance. Kids who reported having recent tooth pain were four times more likely to have a low grade point aver-age—below the median GPA of 2.8— when compared to children without oral pain, according to a study by the Ostrow School of Dentistry at the Uni-versity of Southern California. My bill improves oral health for Americans by breaking down barriers to care. It allows organizations to qual-ify for oral health grants to support ac-tivities that improve oral health edu-cation and dental disease prevention. This includes developing and expand-ing outreach programs that will facili-tate establishing dental homes for chil-dren and adults, including the elderly, blind, and disabled. The Action for Dental Health Act has received the endorsement of the Amer-ican Dental Association, the National Dental Association, the American Den-tal Education Association, and a bipar-tisan coalition of our congressional colleagues. On a final note, I would like to thank the staff of the Energy and Commerce Committee; Mia Keeys on my staff; Jamie McNeil with Congressman S
IMP-
SON; and also Dr. Cheryl Watson- Lowry, who came to testify on behalf of the bill, in working together to help shepherd the bill before us today. I am a true believer in the power of order and bipartisanship in making a difference in the lives of the families we represent. The process of working with you all in advancing this bill has truly strengthened my belief in that power. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I urge passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2017. The ADH Act will allow states to receive grants that will establish innovative dental pro-grams on behalf of the Health Resources and Services Administration. Passing H.R. 2422 will establish of dental homes for children and adults, reduce use of emergency departments for dental services, and reduce geographic, language and cultural barriers in the dental care system. Mr. Speaker, there is a great need to im-prove oral health education and prevent dental diseases in low-income and underserved com-munities. The health of many Americans is dependent upon the resources we provide. African Americans, Hispanics, and Native Americans and Alaska Natives generally have the poorest oral health of any racial and ethnic groups in the United States. African Americans, non-Hispanics, and Mexican Americans aged 35 to 44 years expe-rience untreated tooth decay nearly twice as much as white, non-Hispanics. Poor oral health is strongly correlated with other chronic health conditions like cardio-vascular diseases, lung disease, strokes, dia-betes and can also contribute to problems with employment which furthers poverty. The Surgeon General estimates that chil-dren with oral disease miss over 51 million hours of school each year, and that adults with oral disease miss approximately 164 mil-lion hours of work each year. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 2422 to show their support and compassion for the people we serve and to ensure that individuals predisposed to con-tracting any sort of dental diseases receive the proper prevention and care they deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BUR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2422, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECOGNIZING IMPORTANCE AND EFFECTIVENESS OF TRAUMA-IN-FORMED CARE Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 443) recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trau-ma-informed care, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 443 Whereas traumatic experiences affect mil-lions of people in the United States and can affect a person’s mental, emotional, phys-ical, spiritual, economic, and social well- being; Whereas adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) can be traumatizing and, if not recog-nized, can affect health across the lifespan and, in some cases, result in a shortened life span; Whereas ACEs are recognized as a proxy for toxic stress, which can affect brain devel-opment and can cause a lifetime of physical, mental, and social challenges; Whereas ACEs and trauma are deter-minants of public health problems in the United States such as obesity, addiction, and serious mental illness; Whereas trauma-informed care is an ap-proach that can bring greater understanding and more effective ways to support and serve children, adults, families, and communities affected by trauma; Whereas trauma-informed care is not a therapy or an intervention, but a principle- based, culture-change process aimed at rec-ognizing strengths and resiliency as well as helping people who have experienced trauma to overcome those issues in order to lead healthy and positive lives; Whereas adopting trauma-informed ap-proaches in workplaces, communities, and government programs can aid in preventing mental, emotional, physical, and/or social issues for people impacted by toxic stress and/or trauma; Whereas trauma-informed care has been promoted and established in communities across the United States, including the fol-lowing different uses of trauma-informed care being utilized by various types of enti-ties: (1) The State of Wisconsin established Fos-tering Futures, a statewide initiative partnering the State with Tribes, State agencies, county governments, and nonprofit organizations to make Wisconsin the first trauma-informed State. The goal of Fos-tering Futures is to reduce toxic stress and improve lifelong health and well-being for all Wisconsinites. (2) The Menominee Tribe in Wisconsin im-proved educational and public health out-comes by increasing understanding of histor-ical trauma and childhood adversity and by developing culturally relevant, trauma-in-formed practices. (3) In Chicago, Illinois, schools of medicine provide critical trauma-informed care, in-cluding the University of Illinois at Chicago Comprehensive Assessment and Response Training System, which improves the qual-ity of psychiatric services provided to youth in foster care, and the University of Chicago Recovery & Empowerment After Community Trauma Initiative, which helps residents who are coping with community violence. (4) In Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, service providers, academics, and local artists use art to engage their community to educate and involve citizens in trauma-informed care activities. (5) In San Francisco, California, the city’s public health department aligned its work-force to create a trauma-informed system. (6) In Kansas City, Missouri, schools worked to become trauma-informed by en-couraging teachers and children to create their own self-care plans to manage stress. They have implemented broad community-wide, trauma-informed culture change. (7) In Tarpon Springs, Florida, the city crafted a community effort to gather city of-ficials, professionals, and residents to coordi-nate multiple trauma-informed activities, including a community education day. (8) In Worcester, Massachusetts, commu-nity members worked with the Massachu-setts State Department of Mental Health to create a venue with peer-to-peer support to better engage individuals dealing with trau-ma or extreme emotional distress. (9) In Walla Walla, Washington, the city and community members launched the Chil-dren’s Resilience Initiative to mobilize neighborhoods and Washington State agen-cies to tackle ACEs. (10) The State of Oregon passed the first law to promote trauma-informed approaches to decrease rates of school absenteeism and understanding and promoting best practices to leverage community resources to support youth. (11) The State of Massachusetts passed a law to promote whole-school efforts to im-plement trauma-informed care approaches to support the social, emotional, and academic well-being of all students, including both preventive and intensive services and sup-ports depending on students’ needs. (12) The State of Washington implemented the ACEs Public-Private Initiative, a col-laboration among private, public, and com-munity organizations to research and inform policies to prevent childhood trauma and re-duce its negative emotional, social, and health effects; Whereas the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration provides substantial resources to better engage indi-viduals and communities across the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.030 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1245 February 26, 2018 
States to implement trauma-informed care; and Whereas numerous Federal agencies have integrated trauma-informed approaches into their programs and grants and could benefit from closer collaboration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes the importance, effective-ness, and need for trauma-informed care among existing programs and agencies at the Federal level; and (2) encourages the use and practice of trau-ma-informed care within the Federal Gov-ernment, its agencies, and the United States Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of Representative M
IKEGALLAGHER ’s H. Res. 443, which recognizes the im-portance and effectiveness of trauma- informed care. According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Adminis-tration, trauma results from an event or a series of events that cause intense physical and psychological stress reac-tions. The individual’s functioning and emotional, physical, social, and spir-itual health can be severely affected. It is important that health providers un-derstand the nature and impact of trauma when caring for their patients. H. Res. 443 highlights the work of States in trauma-informed care and en-courages the Federal Government to build on the States’ momentum by identifying opportunities to embed this approach to care within current Fed-eral health operations. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 443, Recognizing the Importance and Effectiveness of Trauma-Informed Care, sponsored by Congressman G
AL-
LAGHER from Wisconsin and Congress-man D
AVIS from Illinois. This resolution recognizes the impor-tant role that trauma plays in health and life situations and the importance of deploying trauma-informed proto-cols to respond to traumatic experi-ences. Research shows that traumatic expe-riences are associated with behavioral health and chronic physical health con-ditions, such as substance use dis-orders, mental health conditions, and heart disease. Traumatic experiences, such as phys-ical or sexual abuse, neglect, bullying, community-based violence, and natural disasters give rise to these negative health consequences. Because of the harmful consequences of trauma, it is important for our health system to deploy trauma-in-formed protocols. The resolution recognizes the impor-tance of Federal agencies deploying trauma-informed care to ensure that local care providers are appropriately engaging individuals with histories of trauma, and implementing strategies to intervene on the negative con-sequences of traumatic experiences. I urge my colleagues to join me and support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. GALLAGHER ), the principal author of this resolution. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, this is a great day for children, for vulner-able populations, and caregivers in my home State of Wisconsin and across this country. b1800 H. Res. 443 recognizes the importance of trauma-informed care to individual wellness, the efficacy of care, and im-proved quality of life for those who have experienced trauma. Passage of this resolution demonstrates that this body believes in the power that trau-ma-informed care can have in helping children, families, and adults overcome trauma and lead healthy lives. From veterans reintegrating into so-ciety to survivors of childhood abuse, individuals from across the population can benefit from the simple but effec-tive principles of trauma-informed care. By recognizing and sensitively addressing the impacts of traumatic experiences, we can build stronger and more resilient communities. We all want to address major public health issues like addiction, mental health issues, and obesity, and this res-olution moves the ball forward by rais-ing awareness and building momentum behind evidence-based best practices and solutions. Rigorous study and academic review have shown benefits for organizations, communities, and governments that implement trauma-informed care. I am proud to announce that my home State of Wisconsin, under the leadership of our first lady, Tonette Walker, is on track to becoming the first fully trauma-informed State in the Nation. In Illinois, home to our col-league and the colead of this resolu-tion, Congressman D
ANNY DAVIS, ex-perts have come together to make this material more accessible to policy-makers and the public. Exciting innovation in mental healthcare is happening across this country, and this resolution recognizes that hard work. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I express my sincere thanks to my colleague, Con-gressman DAVIS, for his commitment to this resolution. I also thank Tonette Walker, first lady of Wisconsin, for her dedication and service and leadership in this important cause. Mr. Speaker, additionally, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the committee for their hard work on this issue as well. H. Res. 443 is an important step in breaking down the stigma surrounding mental healthcare and building more inclusive communities, more resilient communities, more strong commu-nities that take care of each other. I encourage all of my colleagues to sup-port its passage. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), the cospon-sor of the bill. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. B
URGESS for his leadership, and Representative G
ENE GREEN . They have both dem-onstrated, I think, the kind of leader-ship that we are often seeking, search-ing for, and looking for. Mr. Speaker, it has been my pleasure to work with Representative G
ALLA -
GHER of Wisconsin in development of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I also want to commend the first lady of Wisconsin for the lead-ership that she has provided. Of course, the first lady is the wife of the Gov-ernor. I must admit that I was a bit amazed when we were contacted by the first lady of Wisconsin to talk about this kind of legislation and to talk about the importance of it. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 443, which recognizes the im-portance and effectiveness of trauma- informed care and proposes to imple-ment this care at the Federal level. Traumatic experiences affect mil-lions of people across the country, in-cluding the city of Chicago. It is inte-gral to the development of any person who has experienced trauma to get physical and emotional support after experiencing an extremely stressful life event. This is especially important to our Nation’s children, as adverse childhood experiences can affect the health of a child for the rest of his or her life. If a child does not receive care for trauma, it could even shorten his or her life-span, and this stress facilitates nega-tive brain development. Trauma-informed care addresses the survivor’s specific needs in relation to his or her personal trauma and recov-ery. It promotes a collaborative envi-ronment between the survivor and close friends and family, and it ad-dresses the symptoms of trauma that require treatment. This helps the sur-vivor work through his or her recovery in a positive way with the support of close allies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.013 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1246 February 26, 2018 
Though many States have adopted trauma-informed care programs, it is essential to implement trauma-in-formed care at the Federal level and make sure that people anywhere in the country get the treatment and support they need, not just those in certain States. It has also been my pleasure to work closely with Senator D
URBIN , the sen-ior Senator from the State of Illinois, and hundreds of groups that have formed a coalition to help promote and develop an understanding of just how much trauma care is needed. Very seldom do I talk about it or mention it, but I had a grandson who was murdered a year or so ago, and there were other children in the home. It was a home invasion. So I can tell people firsthand that the kind of atten-tion and care that individuals get after they have had a traumatic experience makes a tremendous amount of dif-ference in their recovery. I also note that I was trained as a psychologist, and so I have interacted in many instances with individuals who had experienced stress. So this is an excellent piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representa-tive G
ALLAGHER again for his leader-ship. It has been my pleasure to work with him. I look forward to the passage of this resolution. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is an important resolution. I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 443, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 1222, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 2422, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. f 
CONGENITAL HEART FUTURES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1222) to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Fed-eral congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart dis-ease, and for other purposes, as amend-ed, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 394, nays 7, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 81] YEAS—394 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—7 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Jones Massie Mooney (WV) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—29 
Barletta Black Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Cicilline Cleaver Cramer Cummings Doggett Duffy Engel Graves (MO) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.034 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1247 February 26, 2018 
Huizenga Kennedy Long Maloney, Carolyn B. McGovern Neal Noem Nolan Payne Pearce Rooney, Francis Rush Shuster Smith (WA) Speier Trott Vargas 
b1855 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE KILLED AT MARJORY STONEMAN DOUGLAS HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of 17 mem-bers of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School community in Parkland, Florida, and do so in the presence of some of their classmates: Alyssa, Chris, Meadow, Scott, Luke, Helena, Martin, Cara, Alex, Nicholas, Gina, Carmen, Aaron, Joaquin, Peter, Jaime, and Alaina. On February 14, 2018, they were killed in yet another senseless act of gun vio-lence. As we bow in silence, I ask that we remember those we lost, I ask that we lift up the families who are grieving, and I ask that we offer prayers of heal-ing for those who were injured and prayers of peace for the 3,300 survivors. I ask that our quiet contemplation stir courage within the Members of this body—the courage to take action to ensure the freedom of our students, the freedom to learn without fear, and to take action to secure the freedom of all Americans to live in communities without gun violence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers and guests in the gallery, please rise for a moment of silence. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my in-tent to raise a question of the privi-leges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Calling on the House of Representa-tives to immediately consider gun vio-lence prevention legislation. Whereas, gun violence affects every community in our Nation; Whereas, 30 people are killed every day by someone using a gun; Whereas, more than 2,200 people have been killed this year by someone using a gun; Whereas, there have been at least 34 mass shootings this year; Whereas, while mass shootings often receive media attention, gun violence is present every day in every commu-nity; Whereas, since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School, the House of Representatives has held 43 moments of silence to honor the memory of peo-ple killed by someone using guns; Whereas, most gun owners are re-sponsible and law-abiding; Whereas, the Supreme Court, in its District of Columbia v. Heller decision, recognized the right to keep and to bear arms; Whereas, the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act was enacted on November 30, 1993; Whereas, background checks have been successful and every day stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun; Whereas, over 2,000,000 gun sales were blocked since enactment of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act; Whereas, 90 percent of all background checks are done instantly; Whereas, the States that require background checks, 47 percent fewer women are murdered by intimate part-ners; Whereas, in States that require back-ground checks, there are 47 percent firearm suicides; Whereas, in States that require back-ground checks, 53 percent fewer law en-forcement officers are killed by some-one using a gun; Whereas, 97 percent of Americans polled support background checks for all gun sales; Whereas, in many States, no back-ground check is required to buy a gun online or at a gun show; and Whereas, the President has said, ‘‘Whether we are Republican or Demo-crats must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!’’ Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives should immediately consider H.R. 4240, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2017, and H.R. 3464, the Background Check Comple-tion Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from California will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not, at this point, de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for the consideration of the resolution. ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essen-tial oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BUR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 387, nays 13, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 82] YEAS—387 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.014 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1248 February 26, 2018 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—13 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Buck Davidson Farenthold Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Jones Massie McClintock Sanford 
NOT VOTING—30 
Barletta Black Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Doggett Duffy Engel Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Huizenga Issa Kennedy Long McGovern Neal Noem Nolan Payne Pearce Rooney, Francis Rush Shuster Smith (WA) Speier Trott Vargas 
b1913 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4296, OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR BANKING ORGANIZATIONS, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4607, COMPREHENSIVE REGULATORY REVIEW ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–582) on the resolution (H. Res. 747) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4296) to place requirements on operational risk capital requirements for banking orga-nizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regulators perform a comprehensive re-view of regulations to identify out-dated or otherwise unnecessary regu-latory requirements imposed on cov-ered persons, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1865, ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–583) on the resolution (H. Res. 748) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relat-ing to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
b1915 HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow for morning- hour debate and 11 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROSE ANN SHANNON IN HONOR OF WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women’s History Month, I rise to rec-ognize a woman dedicated to journal-istic integrity, who made history as Omaha’s first female TV news director. Rose Ann Shannon recently retired after 45 years in TV news and was a mentor to many local and national re-porters. When Rose Ann started her career at KMTV in 1973, she was one of only three women in Omaha TV news. After KMTV, Rose Ann worked as a commu-nications director for Omaha’s mayor, then returned to TV news at KETV. She was then promoted to news direc-tor, the first female TV news director in Omaha. KETV’s general manager said Rose Ann exemplified ‘‘integrity- first journalism at its core.’’ Rose Ann is a trailblazer who shat-tered a glass ceiling. She served as a mentor to men and women in the in-dustry, ensuring reporters connected to the public through ‘‘integrity-first re-porting and truth.’’ f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, no one should experience what the students of Parkland, Florida, did last week. My heart breaks for that community, for the lives of the lost, for those who were injured, and for the families that were affected. No family should ever have to bury a child because of gun violence in school. Mr. Speaker, we need sensible gun vi-olence prevention legislation to finally begin to address these tragedies, but I want to say I cannot support the Presi-dent’s frightening proposal to put more guns in our Nation’s schools, in our Na-tion’s classrooms. I wholeheartedly agree that we must make our schools safer places for stu-dents to learn, but arming teachers will do just the opposite. I know first-hand that accidents can happen even when guns are in the hands of highly trained firearms experts. I speak from this wheelchair today because, when I was 16, a stray bullet hit my spine and left me paralyzed. This was at the hands of two weapons experts on the police SWAT team. My accident occurred as a police cadet in the police department among trained experts. Just imagine what could hap-pen in a school filled with children with people who are handling firearms who are not as well trained. Mr. Speaker, we must do more to keep our students safe. More guns around them is not the answer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GRACE HERSCHELMAN (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.016 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1249 February 26, 2018 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Rare Disease Day, I am proud to recognize Grace Herschelman, a 6-year-old from Hills-boro, Illinois, who continues to be an inspiration for thousands. When Grace was 3 years old, she was diagnosed with infantile neuraxonal dystrophy, a neurodegenerative disease that results in a loss of muscle strength, movement, and the ability to speak. At the time of her diagnosis, there were only 10 documented cases of INAD in the Nation, and most children with this disease do not make it to their 10th birthday. Throughout her diagnosis and ther-apy treatment, Grace and her family have been a source of inspiration throughout Illinois. They have in-creased awareness for a rare and ter-minal disease and have raised more than $175,000 for research, with donors coming from all 50 States. Grace and her family’s story is just one example of why I support increased funding for the National Institutes of Health and legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act. Thousands of Americans are afflicted with rare dis-eases like those that afflict Grace, and we, as a nation, must work together to ensure better treatment, cures, and hope that is prioritized and possible for these patients and their families. 
f 
EXPANSION OF CHICAGO O’HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, the city of Chicago and Chicago’s airline carriers are finalizing their ne-gotiations for an $8.5 billion expansion of Chicago O’Hare International Air-port. This will provide it with a state- of-the-art global terminal. This plan will bring more tourism, more eco-nomic activity, and more jobs to the Chicago area, while making it more necessary than ever to complete the Elgin O’Hare Western Access Project. This project has won support from every faction: Chicago and the suburbs, Republicans and Democrats, business and labor, and even Cubs and Sox fans. It is clear why. Western Access would create nearly 20,000 jobs: 7,400 in direct construction and more than 3,000 in en-gineering; another 6,000 indirect jobs would be created for equipment sup-pliers and contractors. Once the project is completed, our re-gion would realize 65,000 permanent jobs: 44,000 in Cook County, and nearly half that many in DuPage. With the O’Hare of the future in de-velopment, it is time we complete Western Access and allow our region to reap the rewards. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FAIRVIEW SOUTHDALE HOSPITAL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Fairview Southdale Hos-pital in Edina for recently receiving the 2018 Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical Excellence from Healthgrades. Fairview Southdale was also named one of the country’s top 100 best hos-pitals for cardiac care, coronary inter-vention, and pulmonary care. Distin-guished hospitals are determined and measured by whether they achieve out-standing outcomes in at least 21 of 23 common conditions and procedures. Patients who are treated in these hospitals, on average, face a lower risk of death than if they were treated in hospitals without this designation. These hospitals also achieve better clinical results than 95 percent of hos-pitals across the country. Mr. Speaker, the doctors, the nurses, the staffs at Fairview do incredible work, and I know they deserve this rec-ognition, and we also know their pa-tients are in good hands. f 
RECOGNIZING MONSIGNOR WILLIAM LINDER (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, there are few Americans who dedicate their lives completely to rebuilding an inner-city community. Imagine a person who seeks no per-sonal recognition but is imbued with deep faith and a future they help guide. Imagine their drive arising from their mission to serve others. One of these rare souls is Monsignor William Linder of Newark, New Jersey, the founder of the New Community Corporation, which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year. Monsignor Linder’s adult life is a powerful and pioneering example of a modern wise man who planted a church in the public square to transform America. As a young priest in the 1960s, he was assigned to Newark’s Central Ward amidst riots and racial tension. This was a divisive and uncertain time, yet he took it upon himself to walk hand in hand with the people of Newark who desperately needed someone to believe in them and inspire a better way for-ward. Linder listened to the people, and to-gether they organized for affordable housing, civil rights, and a better way of life for all. His determination and boundless faith helped New Community achieve major revitalization. Without question, New Community provides a reliable blueprint for re-building America’s most neglected spaces. America is blessed, indeed, humbled, and filled with gratitude for Linder’s life of service. Thank you, Monsignor Linder. You are a good and faithful servant and liv-ing example of the commitment real progress requires. DENICE MIRACLE—AMERICAN AIR-LINES EMPLOYEE TO THE RES-CUE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, New York City lights, modeling, and star-ring in music videos sounds like a script from a movie. So when two young girls met a man they knew as ‘‘Drey’’ on Instagram, they thought they had their ticket to the spotlight. Little did they know they were about to be victims of human sex trafficking. The 15- and 17-year-old girls headed to the airport, ready to check into their American Airlines flight. Denice Miracle, however, was working the American Airlines ticket counter when the girls approached. She noticed that the teenagers looked nervous. They had too many bags, no adult was with them, and they had one-way, first-class tickets. Denise’s training kicked in, recog-nizing the red flags of human traf-ficking. She immediately alerted law enforcement, and they came to the res-cue. Thankfully, this story ends with both girls returning home safely. They were not trafficked into the scourge of human slavery, in large part, because of Denice, who saw something and said something. We thank people like Denise Miracle for their work, for their personal in-volvement in rescuing these two girls from evil. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST CONTINUE TO WORK TO PROTECT DREAMERS (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, ear-lier today, the Supreme Court rejected the Trump administration’s appeal to leapfrog the judicial system in an at-tempt to end DACA. Today’s decision is a victory for Dreamers and the en-tire Nation. But our work in Congress must continue until we pass the Dream Act to protect Dreamers once and for all. This decision tells us what we have already known all along, that ending DACA would be detrimental to our community and for our economy. With the loss of revenue, if we end DACA, it means that critical public programs like Social Security and Medicaid will take a big hit. We know that the Dreamers will bring in $460 billion in economic output over a decade. Dreamers are our sisters, our broth-ers, our cousins. They are owners of grocery stores, taxi drivers, members of our Armed Forces. We cannot afford to sit idly by. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to bring a clean Dream Act to the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.042 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1250 February 26, 2018 
CONGRATULATING REMEDIOS DIAZ OLIVER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Remedios Diaz Oli-ver, a prominent member of our south Florida community, on her retirement from All American Containers. Remedios is a powerhouse. Along with her husband, Fausto, she estab-lished All American Containers, a mul-timillion-dollar business, a bottling company in Miami that serves corpora-tions worldwide. Her son, Fausto, Jr.; her daughter, Rosie; and her grand-children, Jackie and Fausto III, also work in the family business. Like me, Remedios was forced to flee the Castro regime in communist Cuba, and she has been an unstoppable com-mitment of force for the island’s free-dom. Remedios has been a trusted adviser to Presidents, to Senators, and to Members of Congress on the issue of her native homeland. And her advocacy in charitable events is second to none. Remedios has been a leader in the American Cancer Society, raising funds and awareness to assist those stricken with this terrible disease. While Remedios may be retiring from All American Containers, she is not re-tiring from our community, and I look forward to her next endeavor. I love you so much, my friend. Te quiero mucho, amiga mia. Thank you. Felicidades to Remedios. 
f 
b1930 GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, al-though many in my constituency are still recovering from Hurricane Har-vey—and I wear a ‘‘Houston Strong’’ pin—we are working on getting hous-ing rebuilt and seniors back in their homes, I can tell you that, throughout my district, as I was there this past week, they spoke in quiet tones about Douglas, the high school, and the trag-edy in Florida. And none of them seemed to agree— and, in particular, young men, who I will talk about in the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order on guns. None of them seemed to agree to arm-ing teachers. All of them had ideas about gun violence and handguns, as well as weapons of war. And I believe the young people should be listened to, and we should not leave until we do constructive, sensible gun safety legis-lation, and it should be done now. I ask the American people to rise up and speak in tones of nonpartisanship, bipartisanship, to save and secure our children and our teachers. RECOGNIZING MAJOR SANDRA STOQUERT (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major Sandra Stoquert of Camden, New York, an out-standing member of our community. Major Stoquert recently took com-mand of the 109th Aircraft Mainte-nance Squadron at the New York Air National Guard’s 109th Airlift Wing, based out of Stratton Air National Guard Base in Scotia, New York. Major Stoquert joined the New York Air National Guard in 1996, after serv-ing in both the Army and the Navy Re-serves. In 2004, she was commissioned as an officer and since then has served in Iraq at Balad Air Base and was de-ployed to New Orleans in 2005, to assist in the response to Hurricane Katrina. Since returning to upstate New York, Major Stoquert has remained active in the community. In 2013, she was named the public affairs officer for the 174th Attack Wing based out of Syracuse, New York. She served as a school coun-selor at Adirondack Central School District in Boonville, New York, as well as on the board for the Central New York Veteran’s Outreach Center in Utica. I would like to take this time to thank Major Stoquert for her years of service to our country and community. She is an inspiration to all and a won-derful community leader. f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF CLEAN DRINKING WATER (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, America loses 7 billion gallons of clean drinking water every single day through broken pipes and leaking pipes. Flowing through those pipes, water, yes, but also dollars, tax dollars, to purify the water and treat it. Eighty-six percent of our households depend on public drinking water, and these systems are failing. I have seen my share of cor-roded pipes and broken pumps over the years. I have seen communities and businesses suffer from a water main break, which happens 700 times a day across America. Last week, I visited systems in Rot-terdam, Amsterdam, Rensselaer, East Greenbush, and Castleton-on-Hudson in my district. I visited that legendary baby food maker, Beech-Nut, in Mont-gomery County, New York, which re-quires 275,000 gallons of water per day. The message is clear: we must invest in our public water systems to protect our public health and to support our local businesses. We have a bipartisan bill, H.R. 3387, that has passed through committee and now awaits a vote by the full House. It would deliver critical funding to State and local governments to get this big job started. Whether you are a Republican, Dem-ocrat, or Independent, every life and every job depends on access to safe drinking water. This is the kind of in-frastructure plan we need. Let’s get this job done. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STACEE ETCHEBER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Stacee Etcheber. She attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. I would like to read a poem written for Stacee by a friend: 
I am strong, and I am blessed because the strength of the animal beneath me multiplies my own strength, so I am able to stand and support my family and friends. I am joyful, and I am blessed because the gentle wind that rushes by my face as I rid with abandon spreads my smile and my joy far and wide. I am loyal, and I am blessed because the loy-alty of a horse transcends words, em-braces my soul, and flows out to en-compass everything in my world. I am filled with love, and I am blessed be-cause the trusting love between human and horse is a love that radiates from my heart and settles protectively on those who join me in my journey. I am a cowgirl, and the blessings of partnering with a horse are reflected in the strength, the joy, the loyalty, and the love that I am able to share with everyone whose path crosses mine. I am blessed to be a cowgirl. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF GWEN YORK (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the legacy of Gwen York, who dedicated her life to advanc-ing the goals of the Transport Workers Union and the Texas AFL–CIO. Gwen was born December 27, 1956. Soon after her birthday, she located to Garland, which is just outside of Dal-las, where she would spend much of her life. She graduated from South Garland High School and attended the Univer-sity of Texas at Austin and later went on to join Southwest Airlines in 1980. It was a job that she loved dearly and put everything into. She later returned to school and graduated from the National Labor College in 2006. And for the past 10 years, Gwen continued her passion for making sure that people could have a good life, particularly those at the Transport Workers Union. She was loyal and dedicated. She was everybody’s advocate and friend. I checked my last text to Gwen, and it was trying to get her to advocate for me and give me some advice on some-thing. She was just that type of person. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\H26FE8.REC H26FE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1251 February 26, 2018 
She was always very busy with her work, but she always made time to mentor people, especially a lot of the young women who were also part of the labor movement. Gwen left us far too soon, and it was very tragic in how she did, but I want all of her friends and family out there to know just what a big impact that she made on this world and for the State of Texas and for workers every-where. She is survived by her husband, Mark York; her daughter, Alyson Reed; and her sister, Wanda Goode. 
f 
URGING THE RELEASE OF IMPRIS-ONED JOURNALISTS IN BURMA (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge the immediate release of two Reuters journalists, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, who have been imprisoned in Burma for their fearless reporting on the atrocities being perpetrated against the Rohingya. The ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya shocked the conscience of the world in part because of the important public testimony gathered by these two jour-nalists. In December, these journalists were invited to meet with the police, they were handed documents by offi-cers they had never met before, and then they were immediately arrested under an obscure colonial-era law. The arrest of these journalists and the Bur-mese Government’s refusal to grant them bail is highly irregular. It seems obvious that the only purpose of their continued detention is to chill the independent media in Burma. Mr. Speaker, a free press is essential to a democratic society. I join the State Department and governments around the world urging Burma to re-lease these journalists immediately and to allow them to reunite with their families and to return to their impor-tant work. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge the immediate release of two Reuters journalists—Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo—who have been impris-oned Burma for their fearless reporting on the atrocities being perpetrated against the Rohingya. The ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya has shocked the conscience of the world, in part because of the important public testimony gathered by these two journalists. In December, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were invited to meet with police officers in Yangon, were handed documents by two po-lice officers they had never met before, and then were immediately arrested for allegedly breaching Burma’s Official Secrets Act, a little- used colonial era law on government secrecy. The arrest of these journalists and the Bur-mese government’s refusal to grant them bail is highly irregular. It seems obvious that the only purpose of their continued detention is to chill the independent media in Burma. I visited Burma and Bangladesh as part of a Congressional delegation in November, and it was clear to me that the urgent humanitarian crisis in the region needs more attention from the media and the public—not less. Despite their ongoing detention, the two journalists agreed to Reuters publication this month of their special report detailing the role of the military and Rakhine Buddhists in these atrocities. I salute these journalists for their willingness to bravely support the truth despite the personal risks to them. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are both ethnic Buddhists who grew up in Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine state. Their work on the ethnic cleansing and humanitarian crisis has won a joint honorable mention from the Society of Publishers in Asia. Additionally, Wa Lone has written an acclaimed children’s book and co- founded a charity that promotes tolerance be-tween different ethnic groups. Government officials, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and United Nations Am-bassador Nikki Haley have called for the jour-nalists’ release. Top United Nations officials, as well as the leaders of many nations—in-cluding Canada and the United Kingdom— have also urged their release. Mr. Speaker, a free press is essential to a democratic society. I join the State Depart-ment and governments around the world urg-ing Burma to release Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo immediately and allow them to reunite with their families and resume their vital work. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor the CBC Special Order. I would like to thank CBC Chairman C
EDRIC RICHMOND  for his leadership in this effort. Chair-man R
ICHMOND has been leading this ef-fort and raising the question about when the President said what do we have to lose. The chairman indicated that we have a lot to lose. So for the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the millions of constitu-ents we represent. Tonight’s Special Order is about gun violence. I thank my colleagues for joining me here today to speak about the national epi-demic of gun violence, an important topic to us all. The Black community is at a critical time because we have a lot to lose be-cause too many of our neighbors, un-fortunately, have been subject to gun violence at a consistent rate, a crime which often goes unpunished because of unreliable witnesses. On February 14, this Nation once again witnessed a horrific tragedy that took place at a high school in Florida. Seventeen lives were taken at the hands of a gunman with way too much firepower. The horror and tragedy that shook the Florida high school should be an unimaginable event in our coun-try. Yet, tragically, our Nation has lost too many loved ones at the hands of gun violence, to the point where we often see the same reaction: hand wringing, blaming going around, but nothing being done to stop the vio-lence. The city of Philadelphia knows all too well the lives we have lost at the hands of gun violence. In 2017, we saw the city experience its largest homi-cide epidemic since 2012. There were over 370 homicides in Philadelphia, ac-cording to the data from the Philadel-phia Police Department. And with the continuing scourge of gun violence in Philadelphia, last year I hand-delivered a letter to Pennsyl-vania Attorney General Josh Shapiro outlining our Commonwealth’s need to use all resources possible to advocate for commonsense gun reform. Since I handed that letter to the Common-wealth’s attorney general, we have had more heartbreaks in America, includ-ing the unspeakable tragedy at a church, a place of worship and refuge, in Texas, and the mass shooting in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, there is a gentleman who is our leader from our Caucus who will speak to this issue. He knows an awful lot about it. I have watched him in the short period of time I have been here: the Honorable JAMES CLYBURN  from the Sixth District. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative E
VANS for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I proudly represent the Sixth Congressional District of South Carolina in this august body. This past week, I spent a significant amount of time throughout the district meeting with faith leaders as well as other com-munity-based organizations. And one of the things I kept hearing came from people who are particularly interested in whether or not this Congress will do anything to respond to this horrific problem that we have with guns. Of all the things that I find myself talking about, the one thing that both-ers me most is the fact that we seem to be no longer safe in our most sacred in-stitutions. I often quote Alexis de Tocqueville, who came to this country way back in the early 1800s seeking what he called the magic of this great country. He said that he went throughout the coun-try looking at our institutions—edu-cational institutions, legislative bod-ies—trying to find the magic of this great country. Alexis de Tocqueville said that he could not find it in any of these places. He said that it was not until he went into our churches and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.046 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1252 February 26, 2018 
synagogues that he found the real magic of this great country. He said that he came to the conclusion that, in spite of all of the difficulties and chal-lenges we had as a country, that Amer-ica was great because Americans are good. And he went on to surmise that, if Americans ever cease to be good, America will cease to be great. It is kind of interesting that he came to that conclusion by visiting our places of worship. And tonight I want to re-mind the American people that that sa-cred institution has been violated time and time again. And on this question of gun violence, we remember the Emanuel 9: nine soul-ful Bible study pupils in the basement of their church, once again reestab-lishing the goodness of Americans. They had that goodness violated by a young man with a gun who sat among them for a full hour before opening fire, killing nine of them. Now, when we think about that inci-dent and we ask ourselves how could such a thing happen, one of the things that we do know is that this young man was able to purchase a weapon, al-though under the law he was not eligi-ble to make the purchase; but because of a loophole that we have in the law, a loophole that I have taken to call the ‘‘Charleston Loophole,’’ which says simply that, if the background check is not completed within 3 days, the pur-chase can proceed to conclusion. Now, the fact of the matter is, this gun was purchased in West Columbia. I don’t know whether or not this young man had enough sophistication about the law to give the wrong information about his address. but what we do know is that the wrong address was keyed in; and because it was keyed in, there was difficulty trying to get the information that was needed. b1945 By the time they found out the prob-lem, the 3 days had expired, and the young man went back to get the gun, and, within days, traveled all the way from Columbia, South Carolina, down to Charleston. He picked this church because, he said, it was historic. He wanted to go into a historic Black church. Well, this month, the Nation has set aside time to honor the contributions of Black Americans. I can think of no way for us to better highlight what this month is all about than to, once and for all, close this Charleston loop-hole, to demonstrate to those nine Af-rican-American worshippers, who were going about the business of helping to make this country great, going about the business of demonstrating the goodness of Americans, to have their lives snuffed out; I can think of no bet-ter way for us to honor their lives than for us to close this loophole. Tomorrow, I am going to come before this body with a discharge petition, be-cause the legislation to close this loop-hole was filed in this body last July. It has been hanging around now for 8 months. I am going to ask all of my colleagues, Democrats and Repub-licans, to sign this discharge petition before the end of this Black History Month so that we can say to those souls: Rest in peace. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, may I ask the gentleman a question. If the gentleman could just talk a lit-tle more about that magic he talked about and how do we get there. Does the gentleman have any sense of how we get there? Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his question. I am sort of a history buff, and so I have spent a little time trying to find out what this country is all about. I also recall a great writer, George San-tayana, once writing that if we fail to learn the lessons of our history, we are bound to repeat them. I believe that history should be in-structive, and I think that that is what de Tocqueville was talking about in his writings. He really came to this coun-try, from France, to study our penal system on that particular occasion, but he was enamored with this country be-cause of its people. Now, the interesting thing about this, remember, the early 1800s when he came here, slavery was the law of the land, and he wrote about how con-tradictory that was to what he found in people’s hearts, the goodness that he found in people. So irrespective of what the chal-lenges may be of the various institu-tions that we may have, the various legal issues that may come before us, the various legislative accomplish-ments we might make, irrespective of all that, there is a certain goodness in Americans that ought to be on dem-onstration at all times. I really feel that it will demonstrate that goodness if we can say to these nine souls that, just as Alexis de Tocqueville found in our places of wor-ship, what the basic goodness about America is all about, that is what they were in pursuit of as they sat in the basement of their church, Emanuel AME, on Calhoun Street, Charleston, South Carolina, they were there per-petuating that goodness, and it was violated. I believe that this body can take a long step toward demonstrating how important that is by saying, in their memory, we are going to close this loophole so that their nine souls can rest in peace. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, you just heard the gen-tleman from South Carolina, in my view, lay out a very clear vision of what it should be like from an aspira-tional standpoint. Speaking of the leader of the Con-gressional Black Caucus leading the conscience of this body, the gentleman from the great State of Louisiana, he knows a little bit about that—from my understanding, there is legislation that he has—and that is Chairman C EDRIC  R
ICHMOND from the Second District of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ). Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania for, once again, leading the Con-gressional Black Caucus’s Special Order hour, where we get to address the American people and talk directly to the American people about what it is that is going on in Congress, what we would like to do. Tonight is a very somber but impor-tant Special Order hour. We are talk-ing about protecting American lives. It would not be Black History Month without a quote from Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, a Morehouse graduate. He says: ‘‘At some point, silence becomes betrayal.’’ I want us to just think about that: si-lence becomes betrayal. When it comes to our communities being inundated with guns, this Congress has been far too silent. In fact, what we do is just take moments of silence, one after an-other, whether it is Virginia Tech, mo-ment of silence; Sandy Hook, moment of silence; Pulse nightclub, moment of silence; First Baptist Church, moment of silence; Las Vegas, moment of si-lence; Mother Emanuel, moment of si-lence. So far in 2018, we have already seen 8,200 incidents of gun violence in Amer-ica, including 34 mass shootings. These acts of violence have taken more than 2,200 lives. That is 2,200 families af-fected by gun violence. I would just say that it is time for Congress to do something, at least have the debate, but we ought not be-come coconspirators with the crimes that are being committed across this country. I know that many people will say: Hey, you all are in Congress, you all deal in theory. We deal in reality. Ban-ning assault weapons wouldn’t have kept this kid from being able to buy an AR–15. Well, let me just tell you, that is not true. An AR–15 from the store ranges about $500 and $600. A kid could prob-ably get $500 or $600, but during the days of the assault weapons ban, those guns, the street value became three times as much. So that means that $600 gun that he bought would have been $1,800. The question is whether he would have had access to get to that $1,800, whether good common sense would have prevailed before he got to $1,800, whether somebody would have caught on to his plan while he tried to get $1,800. At some point, we can’t not do any-thing because we say it wouldn’t have made a difference. The one thing I will say is it is amaz-ing to see these young people rise up and speak out with one voice that they want something done. It is a sad day in America when our seniors can’t go to church without fear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.047 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1253 February 26, 2018 
of gun violence, when families can’t go to the movies because of fear of gun vi-olence, and when children can’t go to school because of fear of gun violence. We as a Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, have an obligation to this country to make sure that we pro-tect people who are vulnerable. I don’t think it is too much to ask for both sides to come together and ignore the will of the National Rifle Association, but to listen to the people in our coun-try who are demanding that we do something. When we start talking about back-ground checks, assault rifles, high-ca-pacity cartridges that go in these guns which allow people to shoot large amounts of people in a very short order of time, those guns—let’s just be clear, and I want Congressman E
VANS to un-derstand what we are talking about: nobody is talking about ending the Second Amendment. The right to bear arms is as fundamental and as pro-tected as anything else in this country. However, when we start talking about AR–15s and these assault weapons and these automatic things, we are talking about weapons of mass destruction. We went to Afghanistan looking for weapons of mass destruction, when they are right here in this country. We don’t have to go to Iraq, we don’t have to go to Afghanistan. If you are look-ing for weapons of mass destruction, they are sold in our sporting goods shops all across this country, and they are being used to slaughter American citizens. So I would just ask, in closing, that at some point, silence is betrayal. As for me, because of my conviction, be-cause of my conscience, and because I don’t lack any courage, I will not be si-lent. I would just urge this body that we can’t be silent anymore as weapons of mass destruction destroy our commu-nities. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, before the gentleman leaves, being that this is the 50th anniversary of Dr. King’s assas-sination, I would ask the gentleman, to the point that he raises about the mo-ments of silence, if we look back and look where we are today, are we any closer to addressing these moments of silence, because I hear frustration in his voice? Mr. RICHMOND. I am frustrated. I come from a funeral home family, and I know what it is like when people have to bury loved ones, and I know the nat-ural order of things, because I have had to bury my father and my stepfather and my grandparents, who were—my grandfather specifically, who stepped in for my father when he died, but that is the natural order of things. Al-though my dad died when he was 32, it was of natural causes. Parents shouldn’t be burying chil-dren. Children shouldn’t be victims and shot in school. So the frustration comes because I know the pain associ-ated. So when we start talking about the 2,200 people who were killed, that is 2,200 families that had to get up and hear the preacher say: Oh, pain may endureth through the night, but joy cometh in the morning. Well, joy is not going to come in the morning if the same thing keeps hap-pening and Congress will not do any-thing about it, because that means those lives were lost in vain, and that is just as big a sin, in my estimation. I just think that we have to do some-thing about it. It is one thing when the cameras are there and the family has the support at the funeral of all these people, the Congressperson comes, family comes, and says, ‘‘Oh, we are going to be with you, and we are going to support you and pray for you during this time,’’ but at the end of the day, that mother and father goes back to that house, and that kid’s room is empty. There are no words of comfort that we can give to that family when they walk by that room every night and it is empty because we let somebody with mental issues get their hands on an AR–15 and slaughter a bunch of kids in school. So if it sounds like I am upset, then you are right, because those par-ents shouldn’t have to pass an empty room. Every empty room that happens, my fear is that we are complicit by omis-sion of letting it happen over and over again, and I don’t want that on my conscience. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. b2000 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for laying out that elo-quent statement. Next is someone who is from the great State of Illinois, who, since I have been here, has been relentless on this issue, particularly from an inner- city standpoint, an urban standpoint. I have watched her over and over again constantly stand up and make com-ments, and I wonder if she thinks any-body is listening, but I am going to give her that opportunity to say a few things here this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the Second District of Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ). Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague, Mr. E
VANS , for yielding and for his leader-ship. I associate myself with the words of my colleagues who have already spo-ken. Mr. Speaker, I never tire in my call to end senseless gun violence. But I am emboldened this evening by the grass-roots movement we have seen from the brave and bright students that sur-vived the shooting at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, which took the lives of 17 of their classmates and teachers. These brave students remind me of the determined young people I have come to know in the Chicago area who have been calling for change. Mr. Speaker, I ask my Republican colleagues: Do you remember the ter-ror you felt this past summer on the baseball diamond when you were sense-lessly attacked with a rifle? Do you re-member the terror you felt as grown men? Now imagine being a teenager, with-out the protection of trained Capitol Police officers at your side, being senselessly attacked with an AR–15. Imagine being raised in a world where fear of being shot at school, on your block, or in a park was a daily re-ality. Countless daily shootings that do not make the news certainly don’t spur you to act. Losing 20 elementary school students didn’t spur you to act. A colleague suffering a severe brain in-jury didn’t spur you to act. You, your-selves, being the targets hasn’t even spurred you to act. In the aftermath of Parkland, our children have made one thing abun-dantly clear: If you do not act to end this senseless violence, America will replace you with bold leaders who will. The solutions are simple: mandatory background checks on all gun sales, in-cluding purchases online and at gun shows, and tightening the background check system; closing the loopholes; removing weapons of war from our streets; implementing gun violence protective orders; allowing scientists to study this issue for what it is, a pub-lic health crisis; and investing in pro-grams that provide young people with hope so they put down guns and pick up pens, pencils, books and job skills; when appropriate, access to mental health. You cut the budget to mental health, yet you blame mental health as the reason these things are happening. None of these proposals are new. In my first term in Congress, I issued the Kelly Report, studying this issue, with each of these recommendations. I will gladly provide every Member of this House a copy. The solutions and the choice are clear. Will you stand up to the NRA? Will you even read my report? Our children are demanding it. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask just one question to the gentlewoman from Illinois, who has been speaking to this issue a lot. Does the gentlewoman have any sense of optimism of people hearing her in any way? Does she see any signs? I mean, she just ticked off some in-formation. What are her thoughts about change around here? Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t be in this job if I wasn’t an op-timist, believe me. I think people hear me. It is whether they are willing to act. There are bipartisan bills ready to go; bipartisan bills. Some bills are sponsored by Republicans, some by Democrats. They have a lot of cospon-sors, but the leadership has to hear; the leadership has to want to do some-thing. Actually, the leadership on both sides has been very, very silent, unfor-tunately. But I am hoping that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.049 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1254 February 26, 2018 
pressure will continue to be put on by everybody across this United States. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I have someone who I have had the utmost re-spect for. He smiles. I told him he could get elected in Pennsylvania. He is from the great State of Mississippi. I don’t want to shock the people of Mis-sissippi. He is not leaving Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Second Congressional District of Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania for yielding. I won’t be coming and running, though; but, nonetheless, I appreciate the kind words. I am going to talk in a little different direction than from most of the pre-vious speakers. Mr. Speaker, as you know, I am a country boy. I live in the country. Hunting is a rite of passage for most people who live in the country. For the record, this past Friday, I hunted rabbit with three ministers, two deputy sheriffs, a county commis-sioner, and just a bunch of everyday people. But I don’t need an assault weapon to hunt rabbit with. So this notion that somehow an in-fringement on my Second Amendment right to bear arms is associated with a killing weapon, a weapon that was de-signed for war, a weapon that is de-signed to reap carnage in whatever en-vironment that it is in—for those of us who hunt deer, who hunt ducks, who hunt pheasants, we look at this whole discussion and ask: Who are these peo-ple who want 30-, 40-, 50-shot clips in a gun? What are they hunting? Those of us who are outdoorsmen, those of us who love the environment, we are not supportive of this notion that these kind of guns are made for outdoors. They are not. So it is a false premise, Mr. Speaker, that somehow my rights are being abridged. Now, as important with this is this notion that somehow we are not safe unless I own a gun like this. Well, the people that I hunt with, they have ab-solutely no problem applying for what-ever license they are required to have to own their guns. They don’t have a problem with waiting so that they can clear up whatever question it is from the standpoint of owning a gun. They really don’t have a problem with saying gun shows should be out-lawed because those are places where people sell guns, and sometimes there is a question about the legality of the guns they are selling. Background checks. You know, if I have to have a background check for fi-nancing of anything. Then why shouldn’t I have a background check to own a weapon? A bump stock. Now, until what had occurred in Las Vegas, most of us had never heard of a bump stock. I mean, it was just some kind of exotic thing you put on a gun to make it an automatic weapon. But, again, all those things, to those of us who hunt, that is not who we are. I marvel at some of my colleagues who probably couldn’t hit anything with a gun, but they want to stand up and defend people who buy assault weapons. I challenge them to come, get up at 4:30, 5 in the morning, and let’s go to the woods and let’s do what real hunters do. Let’s not just get on TV and brag about my Second Amendment rights, and then put on a $500 suit and go on downtown and don’t go to the woods. What we saw in Florida, it was abso-lutely tragic. Errors occurred. We need to fix it. But I dare to say—and I abso-lutely hope I am wrong—when the com-ments subside, I doubt that we will have any legislation brought forward to address this assault weapon problem we have in this country. I doubt that we will have any legislation brought forward to look at the loopholes associ-ated with purchasing guns. I doubt that we will have the age limit raised on in-dividuals purchasing guns. The will is not here. I wish my colleagues could man up, or woman up, and do the right thing. I am training my grandson, who is 12 years old, the right way to own a gun, to handle a gun, to do the things that are correct. He will have to go through gun safety classes before he gets his li-cense. But more importantly is he un-derstands that this weapon is either for sport or protection. But, you know, I don’t need an AR–15. I have deer rifles. I have shotguns. That is what sports-men use. So all this killing that is going on is bad, and I really wish we would take the emotions out and say, let’s just get rid of these high-powered weapons that are killing machines. I could go on and on, but I won’t. But I can just say that it is a problem, and I don’t think the will is here in this body to address it. Every time a trag-edy occurs, we take a moment of si-lence and we do nothing. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the gentleman, since I have never seen this thing called an AR–15, can he describe what this gun looks like? Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. This AR–15? Mr. EVANS. Yes. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Well, it is a weapon designed to kill. It is a weapon designed for war. My friends who are in law enforce-ment, I want them to have weapons like that to defend themselves here; but we have made these guns street- legal, so there is the potential that our friends in law enforcement are going to run up on people who have guns as pow-erful, if not more powerful than they are. That gun is not made for hunting. It is not made for anything other than to kill. I want my soldiers who are fight-ing wars to have weapons like that. But, again, for us to try to stretch the margin, that that is a Second Amendment right to bear arms, it is not any arm. Again, it is a killing ma-chine. And if anybody has ever had an opportunity to fire one, which I have, it is not accurate at all; but it will spray a lot of bullets out and will do some killing, like we just saw in Flor-ida and a lot of other places. It is not who we are as a nation. We are a better people than that. But adults are going to have to do the right thing. Otherwise, the young people of this country will do it for us. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thought the gentleman gave a really clear sense of what the challenge is and what we face today. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Pennsylvania has 22 min-utes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, coming be-hind the gentleman from Mississippi, we have someone who knows a little bit about weaponry. She herself has a background. She was the police chief in Orlando. And since she and I are in the same class, I have learned a lot from her. b2015 And coming behind the gentleman from Mississippi, who laid some things out here, is someone who has run a po-lice department, and she couldn’t be a better person for us to have come. I yield to the gentlewoman from the State of Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ), from the 10th District. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Pennsyl-vania for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about an all-too-familiar topic, and that is gun violence in America, mass shootings in the United States of America. A few days ago, I purchased a card of sympathy for the family of a young man who died way too soon. The card that I finally chose read: ‘‘I hardly know what to say.’’ When I think about yet another mass shooting in a country where, through ingenuity and determination, we have solved some of the world’s toughest problems and challenges but yet we have chosen to do nothing about mass shootings, I hardly know what to say. Mr. Speaker, you know last week a man used a semiautomatic rifle to bru-tally murder 17 children and educators in Parkland, Florida. Unlike past shootings, we have not just moved on. This is because of the survivors—not our generation doing something, but the children. It is because of them. You see, this generation believes that they can change the world. I mean, isn’t that exactly what we as parents taught them, that they can change the world? They believe in what President Obama called the audacity of hope. Not our generation, but the generation of our children and grandchildren. And they have stood up to declare what should be obvious to all of us: that every American should have the right to go to school, to go to church, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.050 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1255 February 26, 2018 
to go to a mall, to go to a movie the-ater or a nightclub without being bru-tally murdered by someone with a gun, no less an assault rifle, which greatly diminishes their chances of survival. Sure, high school is tough for some children, but the worst our children should have to fear is whether they can make a friend in a new school or whether they will make the track team or whether the boy or girl they like will notice them in the hallway or in class. 150,000 American children have expe-rienced a school shooting. That is not something a great society tolerates. That is something we change. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the strength, the courage, and the passion of these young people in Florida. Not our generation, but the teenagers. And I am also proud of previous survivors and activists who laid the groundwork for the movement that is growing across America. Survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting have joined Parkland sur-vivors to work for change. That shoot-ing, which took place in my congres-sional district, was the second worst mass shooting in U.S. history, after Las Vegas. That is not the only mass shooting to torment Florida. In 2017, a man shot and killed five people at the Ft. Lau-derdale airport. In 2013, a man shot and killed six people at an apartment com-plex in Miami-Dade County. In 1990, a man shot and killed nine people in Jacksonville. According to the Gun Vi-olence Archive, there have been at least 113 mass shootings, defined as four or more persons injured or killed, in Florida since 2013. Instead of simply waiting and re-sponding to mass shootings, we should work to prevent them. We should work to prevent them. We should work to prevent them. As Orlando, Florida’s, former chief of police, my goal was to not merely save lives of those who experienced vio-lence, but we tried to stop the violence from occurring in the first place. When we know better, we are supposed to do better. Some proposals may need more de-bate, some less, but let us have that de-bate. As a former law enforcement officer, our job was to enforce the laws and to protect the innocent. As a Member of Congress, our job is to create laws that protect the innocent. Well, Congress is failing at that job. The best gift, Mr. Speaker, we can give to our teachers and our students and to every American is to pass legis-lation that keeps deadly guns out of the hands of bad people. Thoughts and prayers are good. God will order our steps, but we have to move our feet. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague from Florida a question, since she talked about her law enforcement background. And she is correct, Congress is to make laws. This Presidential administration talks about being law and order. Is he really law and order and on the side of the police if this is happening and run-ning amok? I mean, if you were police chief and you had that responsibility of protecting people—and we in Congress, as was stated by the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, the mo-ments of silence. If you were on the front line again, you were out there, and you still know a lot of the people who are part of the police departments, how do you think the police depart-ments feel when they are outgunned and the challenges that they have? Can you talk a little bit about that? Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, one of my biggest fears as a 27-year law en-forcement officer was that my officers, the officers who worked for me, the of-ficers who swore that they would pro-tect and serve, would find themselves in an active shooter situation where they would be outgunned. As I indicated earlier, the AR–15 and other weapons like it, if you are shot with one, your chances of survival are greatly diminished. As my colleague from Mississippi indicated earlier, the weapon is designed to create mass dev-astation. It was designed for the battle-field. And you are right; on the battlefield, we want our soldiers to take the enemy down as quickly as possible. But those weapons were not designed for our streets, for our neighborhoods where our children play, for our schools. If we are a great society, if we want to be the great Nation that we always talk about, then let’s do what is within our power as one of the most powerful bod-ies in the world. My 5-year-old granddaughter’s kin-dergarten class had a moment of si-lence. I believe, as Members of Con-gress, we can do better than that. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have someone who, when I came here, I said I have to meet her. She is a very dynamic person. She is the Honorable B
ARBARA LEEfrom the 13th Congressional District of Cali-fornia, and I yield to the gentlewoman. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman E
VANS for his tre-mendous leadership and his friendship, and I thank him for hosting this very important Special Order hour. His lead-ership in our caucus to fight the epi-demic of gun violence in America is bold, it is visionary, and I thank him for calling us together tonight. Mr. Speaker, let me also just ac-knowledge my sister and colleague Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY , who spoke earlier. Congresswoman K
ELLY  chairs our Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust, and she continues to demand that gun violence be treated as the public health crisis that it is. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to say enough is enough. The epidemic of gun violence in America must be brought to an end. Two weeks ago, the world stood in shock as yet another gunman mas-sacred innocent students and teachers in an American school. The 19-year-old killer legally purchased an AR–15 as-sault rifle and killed 17 students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. My heart goes out to the victims, their classmates, families, and the en-tire Parkland community. We must take action so that this never happens again. Newtown, Aurora, Charleston, Orlando, Las Vegas, and now Parkland, this is not normal in a civilized soci-ety. The United States of America is the only developed nation that experiences mass shootings with this level of fre-quency. This doesn’t happen anywhere else in the world. Of course, we know it is because the National Rifle Associa-tion can’t buy their votes in other countries, and the children’s lives come first. Speaker RYANand the Republicans in Congress have been bought by the Na-tional Rifle Association, making it easier for mass shootings to occur. Let me just say that mass shootings in public schools, unfortunately, are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to gun violence in America. Our communities, especially our urban communities, are war zones. On an average day, 93 innocent lives in America are cut short due to gun vi-olence. This year alone, there have been over 8,200 incidents of gun vio-lence in America, including 24 mass shootings. These senseless acts of vio-lence have taken more than 2,200 lives already. I represent the 13th Congressional District of California in the bay area, which includes the city of Oakland, which has been brutalized by gun vio-lence. Since 2014, 312 of my constitu-ents have had their lives cut short by gun violence. Our community feels their loss every single day. Here are just a few of their names and tragic stories. Davon Ellis: Davon was a star foot-ball player and an excellent student at Oakland Tech High School. He was shot and killed while walking home from school. My nephew was walking with him when he was gunned down. Travon Godfrey: Travon was killed in 2016 while sitting in a car with his friends in front of his home. Every time I think about Travon, my heart breaks. Travon came to a town meet-ing that I held on gun violence in Janu-ary of 2016. He was worried about coming to that town meeting, and he shared the toll that gun violence had taken on his life and that of his friends’ lives, yet he was determined to make a difference and finish school and go on to college. Less than a year later, on November 28 in 2016, Travon and his lifelong friend, Deante Miller, were shot and killed in broad daylight. Anibal Andres Ramirez: Anibal was Oakland’s youngest gun victim in 2017. He was only 13 years old and was shot outside of a community center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.052 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1256 February 26, 2018 
Francisca Martinez Ramirez: She was one of Oakland’s first homicide victims in 2018, killed by her husband during a domestic dispute. Sadly, these heartbreaking stories are all too familiar in communities across the country. More than 30,000 Americans lose their lives to gun vio-lence each year. Shootings now kill as many Americans as car accidents. Last year, there were 77 gun violence homicides in my home city of Oakland. b2030 Already this year there have been 12. This is only February, Mr. Speaker. How much bloodshed will we see this year? We need action and we need it now. We need to pass, of course, the bipar-tisan King-Thompson legislation that strengthens background checks and keeps guns out of the wrong hands. And, yes, we need to reinstitute a ban on assault weapons to get these weap-ons of war out of our communities. We need to close the gun show loophole once and for all. Passing our assistant leader Con-gressman C
LYBURN ’s legislation to close the 3-day loophole to require background checks to be completed be-fore you can buy a gun, that legislation is long overdue. That is common sense. At some point we have to stand up and say enough is enough and stand up to this NRA. Ninety-seven percent of Americans support some kind of gun violence prevention legislation. So that is why I am standing here to-night with my colleagues from the CBC demanding that the Speaker take ac-tion and bring commonsense gun legis-lation to the floor for a vote. Give us a vote, Speaker R
YAN, give us a vote. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I think showing those pictures, if anything, should get our point across. I hope that those pictures will send a message to all of us. Closing out tonight—and I think all our colleagues really just summed up this gun violence issue—is someone who, again, I have known well and ad-mired, the Honorable S
HEILA JACKSON  L
EEfrom the 18th District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the distinguished gentleman from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for his leadership. I am delighted to join the Congressional Black Caucus this evening under the leadership of Chair-man R
ICHMOND . As my colleagues have said, we have been, sadly, a leader on commonsense gun safety legislation, sadly, because many of our districts, although we rep-resent the huge numbers of diverse Americans—our districts represent An-glos, African Americans, Hispanics, and Asians, and all economic back-grounds, all wealth backgrounds, all backgrounds dealing with religion—we are able to speak because many of our districts have the reality of gun vio-lence. So I want to speak, Mr. Speaker, to a particular point that I have heard from the stander-uppers of the NRA, par-ticularly the president and CEO when he spoke to the conservative organiza-tion just this past week. I was cer-tainly shocked to hear accusations about Democrats are socialists, even to the extent of calling out Members’ names, which I think patently rejects the comity and collegiality of recog-nizing democracy accepts two distinct parties and some other parties and re-spects differences of opinion. But let me be very clear on the record. No one Member of this body, nor the distinguished gentleman, can eliminate the Second Amendment. No group of 20 Members of Congress, no Republicans of Congress and no Demo-crats of Congress, can eliminate the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment is a con-stitutional amendment, and there is a decided practice of a percentage of Members of Congress and the percent-age of Members of 50 States. With that in mind, let us clear the air. But if we want to know the truth, what is being fought is gun safety legislation, not gun eradication. In my State, you cannot rent a car if you are not 21. The Federal law says that you cannot buy a gun if you are not 21. I will be introducing legislation to raise the age of 21. I already have legislation, a 7-day waiting period ban-ning bump stocks, and, of course, deal-ing with automatic weapons. I know we are introducing one now. There are a multitude of introduc-tions of bills and a multitude of deci-sions being made by the Florida dele-gation which we should listen to. I hope they will come forward in a bipar-tisan way. But let me talk about the children and parents. I was on the air today talking—or hearing that parents are hovering and scared of sending their children to school, and the children are scared. This last week I went into my schools where children were not only talking about not arming teachers, but the gunfire in their neighborhoods by handguns, or those who were in schools dealing with children who had steered in the wrong direction. Those children were talking about you got to pack. Gun culture doesn’t realize what we are turning our children into that they have got to pack. So from Las Vegas to Orlando, to Virginia, to Sandy Hook, to San Bernardino, to now Douglas High School, the question is: When are we going to act? An average of 1,297 children die annu-ally from a gun-related injury. A ma-jority of Americans now support gun policy proposals, such as barring people with mental illness from buying guns. But let me make it very clear. I don’t label people who suffer from mental health issues. What I say is: Let us pro-vide the resources for those individuals and clearly between mistakes of re-porting what this young man had indi-cated, to mistakes on the local and Federal level, to mistakes on his men-tal health situation. We all can stand in blame. But they are adults. What the response has been from our good friends who are the gun advo-cates, so they say, has been to close their eyes, close their ears, and not sit down at the table of reconciliation. The gun manufacturers cannot con-tinue to dominate the discussion of sensible gun legislation, from Gabby Giffords to the tragedies that I have listed, to children who are saying: I hover in my room, my bedroom, listen-ing to gunfire in my neighborhood be-cause the proliferation of guns is so ex-tensive. So guns are being trafficked illegally because of the gun culture. There are many elements that will go into this. The Congressional Black Caucus has been at the forefront of changing that gun culture, as Congresswoman KELLY  has preached about, because of what happened in Chicago. I join her because what happens in our neighborhood is that our children are cowering over gun violence, period. No, arming our teachers is not the answer. Securing our school is; banning those weapons of war is; extending the timeframe is; lifting the age is; and getting the background checks to close the loopholes is. So I am asking this floor and this leadership, as we are doing good legis-lation on human trafficking, of which I will participate in tomorrow, that we put on the floor legislation of gun safe-ty. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership to-night. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there are no words in the English language to fully capture the pain and suffering that a parent will endure in the face of losing a child. Imagine then the immense pain that the families of the 17 Americans who were murdered during a mass shooting at the Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida must be experiencing at this moment. Even worse, imagine how they must feel as our nation remains crippled by inaction in the wake of the senseless gun violence that con-tinues to tear apart countless families and communities throughout our country. That is our reality today as Congress fails to act, once again, on commonsense legislation to reduce gun violence. We cannot allow the violence that we have witnessed at the Stoneman Douglas High School to become our new norm. More impor-tantly, we cannot allow our inaction in the face of such tragic violence to also define what we can and cannot accept as a society. We are all too familiar with gun violence in the United States. There have already been over 8,200 incidents of gun violence in 2018 alone. This violence has claimed the lives of 2,200 individ-uals, upending the lives of countless friends and families who are impacted by these deaths. I am here to join my colleagues and countless Americans across our nation by de-claring in one voice, ‘‘Enough is enough.’’ Our children deserve the right to an edu-cation without a cloud of fear in their hearts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.053 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1257 February 26, 2018 
and the sound of gunshots ringing in their ears. The people of the United States deserve representation that works in the face of sense-less violence to deliver real solutions that work for millions of Americans. We need solutions that include stronger background checks, while also providing the resources for states to contribute complete and timely records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). We need solutions that re-duce the proliferation of assault weapons on our streets, including high-capacity magazines, flash suppressors, and other accessories that enhance the lethality of firearms. More impor-tantly, we need everyone to come to the table in a meaningful way that is not driven by fear or emotion so that we can deliver on the promises that we made when we took the oath of office. Mr. Speaker, I am calling for action. I am calling for action that is already long overdue, and I call for others to find the compassion in their hearts to also get this done. I call for the courage to make the difficult choices that we finally need to make. Our failure to act now is a failure of our leaders to do what is right, not-withstanding political affiliation or preference. I am calling for action and I am calling for ac-tion now. Enough is enough. 
f 
THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCH-
ELL) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material germane to the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I am here with Mrs. W
ALTERS from Cali-fornia, who is the co-chair of the Tax Truth Squad. This has been an exciting first 14 months for me serving Michi-gan’s 10th Congressional District. I had the privilege of representing the fresh-man class in House leadership. Tax cuts and tax reform are impor-tant to me, as I grew up the oldest of seven kids in a family in which dad built trucks in a line and my mom worked full time more often than not to support our family. I saw firsthand the difficulties experienced to make ends meet and support that family. That is why I am committed to ensur-ing policies that create jobs, economic growth, and wages in the pockets of people who go to work every day and get a paycheck. Until last December, it seemed to be only a dream that we could achieve meaningful tax cuts and reform. It had been more than 30 years since that had been updated. Since that time, layers of rules and new additions to the Tax Code had grown that into a beast of 74,000 pages. You would have to be a wizard to know what was in it. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act addressed these problems and put more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans so they can make decisions about how to use their own money. Up until now we have talked about the possibilities and the dream of tax cuts and reform. Now we can talk about the realities of what tax reform is bringing to America. Representative WALTERS and I have organized a series of floor speeches that begin tonight a little later than originally planned. Each legislative week we have designated one or more States’ delegations that will join us and talk about tax reform, tax cuts, and the impact it is having on their constituents and their districts. Texas is kicking off that initiative tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS ), who is the co-chair of the Tax Truth Squad. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding and for his efforts to share the stories of Ameri-cans who are seeing the positive im-pacts of tax reform. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to set the record straight on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. From day one, misinforma-tion about the benefits of this historic tax reform plan have circulated. The truth is that Americans across the country are receiving bonuses, pay in-creases, and other benefits that are helping them support their families and save for their futures. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Michigan and I started the Truth Tell-ers Initiative on Tax Reform to high-light the many ways this bill helps the American people. Since December, we have witnessed the positive impacts of tax reform. Small businesses are expanding, jobs are being created, retirement and ben-efit packages are increasing in value, and the American people are keeping more of their hard-earned paychecks. Over the coming months, Representa-tives from each State will have the op-portunity to share how tax reform has helped their constituents. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, as we go through the evening, I will try to highlight some important components of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I think one of the most important components is the larger standard de-duction. We have doubled the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000 for married couples. We created a simpler filing process. What we created was, in essence, a filing process where 90 per-cent of Americans can file their taxes on a form about this size, significantly better than the current Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), who is a good friend, a colleague, and the gentleman who led us through the whole battle to achieve this epic change. Congressman K
EVIN BRADY is the author of the legis-lation and a true champion for Amer-ican taxpayers. He is the Representa-tive of the Eighth District of Texas and the chairperson of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman MITCHELL and Con-gresswoman M
IMIWALTERS for arrang-ing this Special Order to highlight the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am excited to be joined by our Texas colleagues. Texas is a big winner, like many States, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. They estimate it will create 81,000 new, good-paying jobs in our State alone. But that is not just our State. You see huge job gains in Cali-fornia, New York, throughout the Southern States, throughout our Mid-west area, and throughout our manu-facturing regions. This historic tax reform is making a real difference for our families and our workers. We all know about tax relief for our small businesses, the first ever 20 percent small business deduction in history. The bill will be a write-off on day one in new investment in plants, equipment, software, and technology. People know that we made our com-panies more competitive so they can compete and win all around the world, especially here at home. I get excited about what we did for families, lowering the tax rates at every level. So whether you made $20,000 or $520,000, you keep more of what you earn. We doubled the stand-ard deduction so few people have to itemize. We doubled the child credit and quadrupled how many Americans can actually use it. For the first time, all middle class Americans are going to get help raising children. We are doing away with the AMT except for house-holds up to $1 million. What that means next year is, instead of 5 million Americans getting caught up with that double tax, it is about 200,000, a frac-tion of what it is today. What I really love are the stories. I was in Home Depot the other day, on Sunday. Apparently, we are redoing our bathroom. So my wife was looking at samples, and a woman came up and introduced herself. Her name is Pam. She is a small-business person. She redoes furniture, repaints, and all that, but she works at Home Depot to make ends meet. She introduced herself and said: 
Thank you. I get $184 more every pay-check. Maybe that couple thousand dollars doesn’t mean much in Washington, but for my family, it really means a lot. Thank you for that. 
Donald from Willis, Texas, saw the benefits of this law in his pay stub. He said: 
My Federal tax deducted from my pay-check went from 12 to 9 percent. Yes, I am very happy. 
Mr. Speaker, because of tax reform, Texans are excited for a strong and growing economy. Larry from Spring, Texas, said: 
As a 78-year-old retiree working part time, even a small difference in take-home pay is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.020 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1258 February 26, 2018 
welcome. I am delighted to see the spur to overall economic activity that should ben-efit all, locally and nationally. 
b2045 Every day, I hear stories like this: people receiving raises and bigger bene-fits at work. And we did, simply, the Code. As Congressman M
ITCHELL point-ed out, under the new Tax Code, next year, nearly 90 percent of Americans will be able to file their taxes using a simple postcard-style system. That is fairness. That is growth. That is in-creasing jobs and paychecks. I want to thank my colleagues from Texas joining us here tonight for their critical role in passing this historic Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Without this support, it wouldn’t have happened. I also thank Congressman M
ITCHELL  and Congresswoman W
ALTERS for ar-ranging this Special Order and con-tinuing, as they did during the debates, informing people of the tax reform plan. I thank them for playing such a leadership role. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
RADY for his leadership on this issue. He talked a little bit of the impact it has had on his district in Texas. Here, we have a sign. Since the tax reform bill passed, more than 400 companies have given a pay raise, a bonus, increased 401(k) contributions, or, in the case of utilities, lowered their rates. At least 4 million Americans are re-ceiving special tax reform bonuses. The direct bonus announcements already, to date, exceed $3 billion. There are companies like JetBlue, KeyBank, and DTE Energy in my district back home, Alaska Airlines. We could go through the list. Four hundred companies have already announced major changes and major investments. These have a major impact throughout the country and on our constituents. Next, we are going to hear from an-other colleague and a good friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the Representative from the 25th District of Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), who has consistently been a voice of businessowners throughout his district and America through his work on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to talk about how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is bene-fiting Texas, especially folks in the 25th Congressional District that I rep-resent. There are approximately 28 million people lucky enough to call themselves Texans. Of that, I have the great honor of representing hundreds of thousands of hardworking Americans who wake up and go to work every day, just like you and me. For 5 years, I have traveled up and down the 25th District of Texas, most recently, just last week, where I visited many local businesses along the way. I have witnessed firsthand the hardships that families and small businesses face day in and day out due to an intrusive Federal Government and overreaching administration. I pledged to these people that I would bring my commonsense business per-spective to Washington in order to jump-start this economy, and I am proud to say that I upheld that prom-ise. When I visited these folks last week, there was something different about them. For the first time in a long time, I had businessowners and their employ-ees telling me about the positive im-pacts coming from our Nation’s Tax Code. They were telling me they no-ticed more money in their most recent paychecks. One man even told me he plans to use his extra money to put into his 401(k) so that he can save even more for his retirement. This means parents can now plan for their future and start putting away money for their kids’ college funds. It means companies are adding to their workforce and that those individuals can keep more money in their pockets. Ultimately, these hardworking Tex-ans are seeing more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks. I am proud to be their voice in Washington, and I will continue fighting on their behalf. In God we trust. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, some of our colleagues on the floor, as we worked toward passing this epic re-form, talked about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as being Armageddon, as being the end of the world. Let’s talk a little about that. On CNBC on February 20, they had a survey: Q1 Small Business Confidence Index saw an increase of 5 points. Forty-six percent of those surveyed say tax policy changes will have a positive effect on their business, up from 38 per-cent in the fourth quarter. The number of those same tax policy changes that have a negative impact fell sharply to 23 percent. Only one in three respond-ents expect to receive a tax cut. The independent Tax Policy Center esti-mates that four out of five Americans will actually see a tax cut at the end of the year. Not quite the Armageddon some of our colleagues predicted. We are now going to hear from an-other colleague. Representing Texas’ 22nd District and a vocal advocate for a simpler and fairer Tax Code, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, my friend from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ), and his cohost, Mrs. W
ALTERS of California, for this first Special Order of the Tax Reform Truth Squad. We are thrilled that Texans have the first chance to speak on such an impor-tant issue. Texans love to brag about Texas, and that is what we will do to-night. That is what I will do. I want to brag about two stories from home and two faces from home. The first face is Justin Mannino. He runs the Houston Shoe Hospital in my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas. It is right there at the corner of Williams Trace and State Highway 6. For 10 years, I have taken my boots to be shined at that store. I have talked to Justin about what the Tax Code and the cuts will do for his business. He said: It is simple. More money in my pocket means I will pay off all my credit cards and all our debt. 
But most importantly, Justin met his bride in Mexico. They were married there. With all this new money he has because of our tax cuts, he plans to take his two kids to the same church where they were married to baptize them in the Lord, Jesus Christ. That is priceless. That has happened because of these tax cuts. A second story and face that comes to mind is a dear friend, Andres Novoa. He is the owner of a Fort Bend County icon, La Cocina Mexican Restaurant, right there off of Highway 357. He told me that the biggest benefit to his business is that he can pay his employees more—more money in their pockets. He can expand his business. He can get new equipment. He said the last 4 years of high taxes and the ex-ploding regulations have caused a small retraction in his business. He is now in full expansion mode. He is giv-ing his employees more pay and has plans right now to buy more equip-ment. And there is more. Andres is the heart and soul of an an-nual fundraiser for seniors’ Meals on Wheels in Fort Bend County. Every Cinco de Mayo, when Mexico celebrates their independence from France, he has a fundraiser at La Cocina. Last year, he raised over $60,000. With more money in his pocket, he thinks he can have a bigger party and maybe raise $100,000, or maybe purchase a new van to deliver food. This is a picture of Andres. He is smiling because he was talking with us about those amazing tax cuts. He is just one more picture. I invite America to check out Justin’s and Andres’ story at my website, my Facebook page, or on Twitter. Hear their voices. See them speak. Learn what they have learned. I will close with a request from Jus-tin and Andres. They want me to say thank you to President Donald Trump and thank you to every Member of Congress who voted for this bill. This bill is not about crumbs. This bill is about real money in real people’s pockets. I invite everyone to come down to Houston, Texas, in Sugar Land, and get your boots shined at Houston Shoe Hospital. If you have some time, add another belt buckle, be-cause you will get filled up at Andres’ restaurant, La Cocina. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for joining us. We were talking about some of the improvements in people’s lives that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has created. Over the weekend, I received a message from one of my constituents, Mark. I know him. He and his wife work hard. They don’t make a lot of money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.057 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1259 February 26, 2018 
But I got a nice note saying: Thank you so much. They met with their ac-countant about this year’s taxes and projected next year. He said they will have another $2,700 a year in their pocket that they will have to make de-cisions about fixing their house or maybe taking a little vacation up north. These are the things the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has done. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), a good friend of mine who has been an instru-mental Member in bringing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to the House floor. His work on behalf of the 32nd District of Texas and all Americans has cer-tainly been recognized. He is also chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, tonight I join to talk and to thank the leader-ship of the Republican Party, who made a firm decision during the last elections that our party needed to stand for not only making America great again, but every single American who needed an opportunity to join in that endeavor. Tonight, I stand in this beautiful time that we discuss the tax bill that Republicans passed last year and talk about the effects of it and how much it has helped in America. I think a story needs to be told about what the goal of the tax bill was. Why did Republicans work so hard to move these ideas forward? The bottom line to it is Americans watched as the Democratic Party and President Obama not only had their control of the country, but economi-cally, as the policies of the Democratic Party became more apparent to people, Americans and the world watched as America dwindled in economic activity and economic growth. This took place because of the poli-cies that the President, President Obama at the time, brought forth and Congress passed: trillion-dollar spend-ing plans, trillion-dollar increases in the budget, and talk of raising taxes another trillion dollars. What happened is, for some 8 years, there was GDP growth of about 1.2 per-cent. Mr. Speaker, that means, very plainly, that it would take about 70 years to double the size of our econ-omy, which means that communities and States and companies and individ-uals lag behind as they would watch other cities and other countries and other people around the globe not only have economic activity, but opportuni-ties that came to their doorsteps. IPOs, or initial public offerings, and all the acronyms that go with economic growth and development went over-seas; they went other places. So Republicans began this discussion with the American people going into 2010 that said: We need to be careful about government spending, but, on the same side, what we need to do is to grow our economy. That is exactly the discussion that took place during the last Presidential election. So as soon as the election was over, Republicans began the process of not only making America great again, but doing it by empowering every single State and every single American to be a part of this growth. Essentially, there was a look at some $12 trillion worth of economic tax components. KEVIN BRADY , who is the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, from Houston, Texas—actually, Spring, Texas—was in charge, as the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, of looking at how we were going to move our economy forward. I call that pop. How we were going to take economic activity and, instead of perhaps helping an individual or a company or nec-essarily one particular part of the economy, we wanted where it would go and add pop or generationally develop more economic activity than just for a singular entity. b2100 And K
EVIN BRADY , as the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, looked at some $5.6 trillion out of this $12 trillion and said: We need to take that and make that the engine of the economy. So a decision was made to move that directly to the free enterprise system. Mr. Speaker, it is the free enterprise system that stands as the greatest ac-tivity for freedom in the world, an ac-tivity that not only brings opportunity and investment and entrepreneurship, but more than that, wealth. It has brought wealth to the United States of America, a free enterprise system that is there to produce for anyone that chooses to be participatory in that en-vironment—an opportunity to begin by investing your own money, by hard work where you show up at work, and having customers or consumers that go and generate economic activity, and that is what America has been, and that is what we were slowing down. The engine of that economy was slowed down because our predecessors, not only in the Presidency but also our friends who are Democrats, believed that they would engage the free enter-prise system in such a way that did not allow it to grow, did not allow it to ex-pand, and did not allow itself to build. So what K
EVIN BRADY did, as chair-man of the Ways and Means, was pro-pose a tax bill that would take $5.6 tril-lion worth of tax components and move it directly to the free enterprise sys-tem. By moving it to the free enter-prise system, we reduced taxes. We re-duced taxes from the 37 percent range for corporate down to 21 percent. What does that do? Well, that takes America, an American business as seen by the world, from 24th in the world to number one. So instead of us being what might be on a list of 24th place of easy-to-do business, that was gener-ating not only goods and services, but was the ease of doing business with, that people wanted to be a part of, that has taken us to first in the world. That means that America will begin building back not only jobs and job cre-ation, but it will build back with the intellectual capacity to build the new-est, finest ideas and products that the world needs for tomorrow because America will be a place that is not only easy to do business but is less priced, and because we can be less priced, we can become the products of choice all around the world. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to say: This is working. This is working to take America not only where they are in first place, but it means Americans and American companies can be in the same position. As a Member of Congress from Dal-las, Texas, I have an opportunity to see firsthand not only how this impacts people and companies but how it im-pacts the workers. And it wasn’t but 2 weeks ago when I was at what was called the National Write Your Con-gressman, which is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Randy Ford is their President; and Randy gave me good news. He said that of the small busi-nesses that they had talked to, that they believed that 74 percent of small- business owners expected revenues to be higher in 2018, and even higher the next year, which meant that they felt positive about not only economic growth but, more importantly, their companies. I also visited Texas Moving Com-pany, which is a family owned business of some 40 years old that is in Richard-son, Texas, and they told me, point- blank, that as a result of us making sure that we would reduce the cost of doing business by reducing taxes, that they had increased their driver’s pay by over $2,400. That means that it does come di-rectly to the employees that are able to have not only more take-home pay, but they are able to know that they can fall into more easily knowing that they may take a part-time job to a full-time job, a full-time job to a ca-reer, and a career as an opportunity to make sure that they better the lives of not only their family but their children also in their community. And this is why Texas Moving Com-pany made a decision then, as they saw this money that they would have; they made a determination that they would increase their employees by $2,400, but they also increased their health insur-ance reimbursement to where they now pay $3,484 a year to help their employ-ees to pay more of their healthcare costs because they can do that on a pretax basis. Mr. Speaker, it is all these things that the Republican majority has done. When others said it would simply be crumbs or unimportant, we said we are going to focus on making America great again; and when you do that, you will find that you not only make Amer-ica great, but you make Americans and their families greater also. Mr. Speaker, this is why we, as Tex-ans, stand up not only as proud Mem-bers of the Congress, but also as proud Americans who say: We want to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.059 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1260 February 26, 2018 
sure that everybody, no matter where they live in the United States, that they would be a part of making their city, their State, their company, and their family even stronger. I appreciate Mr. M
ITCHELL allowing me to be here tonight. It is my hope that the discussion that we have with the American people and the Chair, Mr. Speaker, that you will recognize that if we are going to do this, it will mean that we are going to have to under-stand it is not up to government to make this work; it is up to the Amer-ican people. We are giving them the tools in this tax bill, and I think they will do the right thing for everybody. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman yielding to me this evening. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate Mr. S
ESSIONS joining me to-night. As I said, along the way, we are going to highlight some aspects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Real quickly, I want to outline that up to $24,000 of a married couple’s in-come is taxed zero. There is no tax on that. We continue to allow families to write off State and local taxes, up to $10,000. We help families with children in taking care of their loved ones by doubling the child tax credit and pre-serving the child and dependent tax credit, while also preserving the adop-tion tax credit, all critical things to families and helping support families through the Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I next yield to the Con-gressman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee with decades of experience in job creation and providing oppor-tunity for economic growth. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Today, I rise with my fellow Texas col-leagues to share some examples of how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping hardworking Texans and their families. Our bold progrowth tax reform bill was signed into law just 67 days ago. Since then, more than 4 million Ameri-cans have seen some combination of a wage boost, a bonus, or enhanced em-ployee benefits. Businesses with foot-prints in the 17th Congressional Dis-trict, the district that I am honored to represent, such as Apple, Best Buy, Cognizant, CVS, FedEx, Home Depot, Lowe’s, Starbucks, U-Haul, UPS, Walmart, Waste Management, and Visa have passed on some of the savings that they are getting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on to their employ-ees. Additionally, we know that there are plenty of other small and large busi-nesses in Texas that are doing the same. Another great example of the benefits to central Texas families is Oncor Electric, which serves about 3.4 million homes and businesses in Texas, including seven counties in the 17th Congressional District. They have agreed to return all of the tax cut ben-efits to their customers in the form of lower energy bills. Now that Federal tax withholding ta-bles have been updated to reflect the lower tax rates, many Texans are tak-ing home bigger paychecks. In the 17th Congressional District, a typical work-ing class family of four will see a tax cut of $1,885. This very welcome influx of cash helped central Texans have a chance to save and a chance to get ahead. I am also proud to represent a dis-trict that includes a significant foot-print of Texas’ best research institu-tions, including Texas A&M Univer-sity, Baylor University, and the Uni-versity of Texas at Austin. Our new progrowth tax system pro-vides support for graduate students by continuing to exempt the value of re-duced and free tuition from taxes. This is something that I fought hard to pre-serve so that we can continue to have the best and brightest students as they educate and pursue important research initiatives in the 21st century and in the State of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is doing exactly what we set out to do, which is to help create more jobs, bigger paychecks, and fairer taxes for hardworking American families. I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ); the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ); and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, for leading this great discussion tonight on the posi-tive changes that have been brought about through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I look forward to learning more about, and sharing, these important success stories with the citizens from my district. As I close, I ask that all Americans continue to pray for our country dur-ing these difficult times, for the fami-lies of the victims in Florida, the re-cent Florida shootings, for our mili-tary men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us at home. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue with the discussion of the impact to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act by intro-ducing a colleague on the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee and the defender of a strong rural econ-omy, representing the 36th District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Congressman B
RIAN BABIN. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative P
AULMITCHELL for this opportunity to talk about our historic tax cut legislation and the great bene-fits that are flowing to small busi-nesses and the tens of millions of Americans who work for them. This is especially true in the great State of Texas and the nine counties that I represent from Houston to the Louisiana State line, which has more petrochemical refining facilities than any district in the entire United States, and their employees benefitting from lower taxes. But the gains and the headlines that we have seen say so much more than that. The gains extend far beyond just employees benefitting from lower taxes. I am also hearing from hundreds of individuals and fami-lies about how their tax bills are being cut and what they plan to do with their larger paychecks. ExxonMobil has announced a $50 bil-lion investment in its U.S. operations and employees over the next 5 years. Walmart has already boosted hourly wages and provided employees with a bonus. Boeing, Incorporated, has an-nounced $300 million in employee-re-lated investments and charitable giv-ing. Let’s break this down even further to the stories that aren’t making the headlines of major papers but which are improving lives and growing busi-nesses all across southeast Texas. Juan and Leigh both owned small businesses in Houston and were able to hire additional employees with the money that they are saving from their tax cuts. That is putting Americans to work immediately. Amy in Polk County shared with me that she was able to purchase new equipment to run her business much more efficiently. Helen in Tyler Coun-ty took her tax savings and plowed it back into her business to help it grow. Julie in Orange shared that she will save enough from the tax cuts to pur-chase a larger inventory for her busi-ness. Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and I am hearing story after story just like this about small businesses growing and hiring our friends and our neighbors. The indi-vidual tax rate cuts are making a huge difference for east Texans as over 90 percent of Americans are getting a tax cut. Robert from Highlands wrote to tell me that he is using his tax savings to help his daughter get a college degree. Alan in Houston has decided to put his tax cut into savings for his retirement. Ms. Drake is now able to buy a new stove, while Justin from Harris County is paying down credit card debt. Scott is using his savings to help him buy a brand new home. Mr. Woods told me that with his tax savings, he is spending it on his wife. He may be the smartest of us all. The tax cuts are even helping in Hur-ricane Harvey recovery. Judy from Or-ange County shared with me how the tax cuts have enabled her to replace household items destroyed by Hurri-cane Harvey, and Jason from Baytown is able to now repair his home. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making a real difference in the lives of our friends and our neighbors in southeast Texas and all across this Nation. b2115 These decisions add up to tens of bil-lions of dollars of investments in our economy, in small businesses, in edu-cation, and in the improvement of our lives. Tens of millions of Americans are seeing lower payroll deductions result-ing in bigger paychecks, more retire-ment savings, bigger family budgets, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.060 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1261 February 26, 2018 
and relief at every level. This tax cut bill is benefiting families, job creators, and our economy. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Michigan, Mr. P
AUL M
ITCHELL , for giving us this oppor-tunity to speak about this wonderful historic tax package. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
ABIN for joining us this evening. Congressman B
ABIN talked about the impact on small businesses. Many busi-nesses in his district are what are called pass-throughs—they are family businesses. For the first time ever, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides the ability for small businesses to deduct 20 percent of their income and tax it at a much lower rate—at 25 percent—to allow those businesses to grow. It also allows those businesses to im-mediately write off the full cost of new equipment, rather than expense it or amortize it over 7 years, because money out of their pocket now means it is real money out that they can’t wait for 7 years to get back to the Tax Code—significant differences allowing businesses in my district and through-out the country to invest in growth. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), my colleague representing the 14th District of Texas, with extensive real-world experience in the private sector through his own small business. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
ITCHELL for yielding. Mr. Speaker, tonight, the Texas dele-gation comes before the American peo-ple to say that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working. It is making a positive impact on our paychecks and our lives. This bill is making a big difference— not just crumbs—it is making a big dif-ference. Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan once said: ‘‘ . . . whenever we lower the tax rates, our Nation is better off.’’ Presi-dent Reagan was on to something. Mr. Speaker, in just over 2 months— listen to these astounding statistics— in just over 2 months, 350 companies have announced more than $3 billion worth of bonuses. That benefits over 4 million Americans. The success of this bill spans from coast to coast and across all industries, both large and small, and across Democrat and Repub-lican, I might add, Mr. Speaker. During the week, I hear the success of this bill as companies make their various announcements. Then, on the weekends, when I am back home and out in the district, I have people com-ing up to me, telling me about the great things this bill is doing for them, their families, and their businesses. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making a big difference. Everyone has a story to share. Paychecks are bigger. There are more opportunities. Student loans don’t seem as daunting. A new car seems within reach. Sports equipment for their children is reasonable. That family vacation they have been saving for now is on the verge of reality. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of small businesses in the 14th District of Texas. I used to be one of them, as Mr. MITCHELL alluded to. Those small busi-nesses support the community in more ways than one. One, in particular, in my district has announced benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and that is Hawkins Lease Service in Alvin, Texas. Jay and Adrienne Hawkins are great friends, great business people, and great patri-ots. Jay let me know the other day that they recently gave each of their employees a $1,000 bonus. Let me re-peat that: it is $1,000. If I remember correctly, Jay said they have 120 em-ployees. Now—do the math—that is $120,000 put back into this economy, Mr. Speaker. That is far from crumbs. If you ask me, that will make a huge difference. ExxonMobil announced they were ex-panding their Permian Basin project. This expansion alone will create thou-sands of jobs, strengthen the economy, and bolster energy security, and na-tional security, I might add. The Per-mian Basin is a bit of a drive away from us on the coast, but the increased production will provide low-cost supply and feedstocks to their operations throughout the State, including ExxonMobil’s plant in our very own district, in Beaumont, Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you that there was something my dad taught me: if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. I will tell you what, he also taught me: if it is broke, you better fix it, and fix it we did. My hat is off to K
EVIN BRADY —what a great job he did—also, to Mr. M
ITCH-
ELLand Mrs. W ALTERS for heading up this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY for shepherding this bill through. We couldn’t have done this without him. I also thank Congressman M
ITCHELL and Congresswoman W AL-
TERS for hosting this tax reform Spe-cial Order. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ), from the 19th District of Texas, who is a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ), for hosting us and giving us the opportunity from the great State of Texas to talk about all of the positive effects of this recent tax reform and tax relief for the Amer-ican people. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have helped pass this historic tax relief for the American people and deliver on a promise that we would grow this econ-omy, we would create jobs, and we would improve the overall quality of life for all Americans. I represent hard-working, God-fearing, freedom-loving people in rural west Texas. They produce the food, fuel, and fiber for this great country. They feed and clothe the American people, and they fuel this great American economy. The burden of high taxes and regula-tions hurt all of our job creators, but they have a disproportionate negative impact on the little guys in rural America. Our small businesses, our community banks, our family farmers and ranchers are independent energy producers. I can say with great con-fidence—having been back to the dis-trict, having talked to numerous peo-ple from all over those 29 counties I represent in the broad swath of land in west Texas—this tax cut and reform package is proenergy, it is proagriculture, and it is prorural America. Back in my district, we hosted some roundtables with small businesses and chambers of commerce. We had various events that I participated in. We even conducted surveys. According to our survey, over 80 percent of the people I represent say that this tax reform package has helped everybody. At one of our roundtable events, we had a veteran-owned agribusinessman who said that he had had 600 new cus-tomers this January over last year. He said that the effects of that was that he converted some of his part-time workers to full-time workers and gave folks a raise. At the Happy State Bank, the em-ployees are happy, and there are happy days for that organization because they are saving $5 million and plowing it back into their human capital. Six hundred out of 700 of Happy State Bank employees will receive an increase in their pay and benefits. Some will re-ceive over a 50 percent pay increase. Now, this is not crumbs to the folks whom I represent in west Texas. This is real cash in the pockets of real Ameri-cans who work hard every day to make ends meet. There has been a change in west Texas, and, for once, it is not the weather. There is a renewed optimism. You can hear it in their voices; you can see it in their faces. Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing a great American comeback, and the for-mula hasn’t changed from the begin-ning of this great experiment. Limit the government and you will unleash the limitless potential of the American people. God bless America, and go west Texas. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, Mr. A
RRINGTON referenced some of the changes in Texas in some of the impor-tant improvements in the business cli-mate as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Southwest Airlines and American Airlines both chose to give bonuses to their employees of $1,000 each shortly after passage of this bill and signed by President Trump. A surprise we hadn’t anticipated was lowering electricity bills. Both in north Texas and in my district back in Michigan, there were massive cuts in utility rates as a result of lowering taxes—not something that we thought about or bargained for at the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.063 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1262 February 26, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and thank him for bringing his medical expertise to the tax reform discussion with his service on the Energy and Commerce Committee, from the 26th District of Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 1986 was the last time our Tax Code was refined. I had been practicing med-icine for 5 years. Now, some 31 years later and after 15 years in Congress, the reformation of our Tax Code has made a profound difference in our country. Mr. Speaker, it is not lost on me that the rhetoric prior to the vote on the conference report on the tax bill was pretty negative. The idea was to sow doubt in the minds of people who would be affected by the tax bill, to sow doubt in the minds of people who would oth-erwise be wanting to vote for tax relief for tax improvement. And I will have to tell you some-thing: after that vote—and Mr. M
ITCH-
ELLreferenced Southwest Airlines and American Airlines—I cannot remember having ever had the positive feedback for a vote that I have taken here in this Congress like there was for this tax vote. In my own Walmart, the week after Christmas, people were coming up to me saying, ‘‘I work for American Air-lines,’’ or ‘‘I work for Southwest Air-lines.’’ I have a lot of families in the 26th District of Texas who work for American Airlines or Southwest Air-lines, and they all got $1,000 bonuses because of the tax relief that we had provided. Again, I cannot ever remem-ber having that much positive rein-forcement on a bill that, quite hon-estly, the rhetoric going into it was pretty negative. The benefits have been immediate, as indicated by the increases in salaries and bonuses paid to employees. And Southwest Airlines, in addition to the bonuses to their employees, donated $5 million to charity, as well as made some capital improvements. FedEx, which, of course, employs people all over the country, but has a big hub in the district that I represent, is going to spend $133 million increas-ing hourly wages, as well as $67 million on programs for salaried employees, and, get this, $3 billion on their pen-sion plan and capital improvements. That is a pretty big turnaround. The good folks at Peterbilt trucks, located in the 26th District of Texas, received over $170 million in tax bene-fits in the fourth quarter of 2017, as a direct result of this tax bill. Peterbilt also estimates that its 2018 effective global tax rate will be reduced by up to 8 percent and that the lower corporate tax rate and accelerated depreciation will, indeed, stimulate capital invest-ment. The increased prosperity of these and other companies will subsequently im-prove the financial situation of their employees. Coupled with a nearly dou-bled standard deduction, income for most individuals and families will, in fact, increase. Chairman BRADY mentioned filing taxes on a postcard. Mr. Speaker, when I first came to Congress, I really want-ed us to enact a flat tax. I still do. But I will take the improvement that we have gotten, the gift of time, back to, what, 85 to 90 percent of tax filers who no longer are going to have to keep up with that shoebox full of receipts and spend quality time with their account-ants every March and April as they prepare their Federal tax return. We are going to allow people to pay for ne-cessities, without having to worry about other discretionary items and services, often provided by small busi-nesses. Local improvements in economic condition will not only benefit Main Street business owners, but I like to say it is going to benefit Elm Street business owners. That is the small business off of Main Street. It is going to allow people to spend money across State lines. Increased financial mobil-ity will inject capital into the market and continue the growth of our econ-omy. b2130 Look, we are right on the verge of some pretty significant and profound economic changes that are going to be beneficial, I predict, to all Americans. This is an important time in this coun-try, time for us to get to work and de-liver for the American people. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for joining me this evening. Mr. Speaker, I did want to, at this point, wrap up this evening’s version of the Tax Truth Squad. Since the tax reform bill was passed and signed into law, let me state again that more than 400 companies have given a pay raise; bonuses; increased 401(k) contributions; or, in the case of utilities, lowered rates—lowered rates dramatically. At least 4 million Americans are re-ceiving special tax reform bonuses. Di-rect bonus announcements have al-ready topped $3 billion; $3 billion into our economy, into people’s pockets, de-cisions they can make about what they want to do with the money rather than turning it over to the government, rather than turning it over to the IRS, rather than having it spent on bureauc-racy. In my home district, we will talk about that more next week, but I want to reference that Fiat Chrysler is mov-ing jobs here from Mexico, moving to Macomb County, investing $1 billion— yes, you heard that right, investing $1 billion—in expanding a plant and cre-ating 2,500 new jobs in Michigan just in that one plant. By the way, they also announced a bonus—a tax bonus separate from their bonus in their contract, which some people said: Oh, it was in their con-tract. No, it wasn’t. It was a bonus of $2,000 per employee as a result of the tax bill. These are major cuts that people overlook. Look at these companies, look at the list of them, and it grows every day. Let me suggest real quickly: I don’t know about you, Mr. Speaker, but I know my district and I know my con-stituents, and $1,000 is not crumbs. I referenced earlier the note I got over the weekend from Mark in my dis-trict who says his projected taxes next year save him $2,700 in his pocket. Now, I know where you live, I know where I live, that is real money. Maybe for some of my colleagues, it doesn’t matter as much, but that is why we passed this bill. That is why we worked so hard on this bill. That is why we support it. And that is the truth about taxes. That is what we want the American people to understand: we are putting money back in their pockets, money back in the economy, rather than tak-ing money and putting it in govern-ment and hoping they do something productive with it. I thank the Chair for the opportunity this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) until no later than 10 p.m. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for such great words of encouragement. I was hearing it all across east Texas as I was all over the district this past week. People are encouraged when it comes to the economy. People are feeling better about the economy. I am hearing it. They are encouraged, but after yet another school shooting, another mass shooting, I am hearing more and more people who are asking: Why? Why is this? Of course, some say, you know, the United States is the only place that mass shootings occur. Of course, that is just false. There are worse mass shootings in other parts of the world. Some say if we get rid of all guns in the country, then we could end the senseless violence, but when you try to tell that to people who were in Rwanda during the period when 800,000 people or so were slaughtered with machetes for the most part, it goes beyond the question of the weapon. We have seen airplanes used as bombs for the worst mass execution in our country’s history. Of course, Pearl Har-bor, bombs were used, bombs them-selves. We know in Oklahoma City, ap-parently it was anhydrous ammonia, fertilizer. We have seen the Boston bombing utilizing pressure cookers. So if the answer is to get rid of the weapons, we got to get rid of airplanes. We got to get rid of rental trucks. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.064 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1263 February 26, 2018 
got to get rid of fertilizer. Pressure cookers have got to go. Machetes have got to go. Once you start listing the things by which people with evil intent have killed others, you realize this is an endless list. There are people who have exacted violence on others all kinds of ways. There is nothing more senseless and ignorant. And I don’t mean that mean- spirited. I mean that everybody is igno-rant of something; some are just igno-rant of a lot more things. But the statement that, ‘‘I just want Congress to do something even if it is wrong,’’ well, that is how you lose civilizations, by doing something even if it is wrong. But there are plenty of indications, things that we can do, things we can agree on. It seems absolutely senseless that a school would know about a student who is repeatedly involved in violence, threats upon other students, threats upon other people, but actually not just threats, actual violence. We want to look into this to see if this is really a national phenomenon that some of our schools, to avoid having students continue to be arrested, that they ac-tually try some mediation process so they avoid giving a 17-, 18-year-old stu-dent an arrest record, which once they have an assault that is confirmed in court, then certainly that would affect their ability to get a gun at all of any kind. So, actually, when you start ana-lyzing all of the ways that the system broke down and didn’t work, the things that should have protected those pre-cious lives in Parkland, Florida, in-stead of saying, ‘‘Just do something even if it is wrong,’’ how about if we do something that is right? How about if we do something that would actually prevent that kind of senseless violence from being exacted upon innocent peo-ple? I mean, we got a sheriff that I don’t know what kind of a department this guy is running. I know when there was a shooting involving a domestic case— and until terrorist activities and mass shootings started occurring, most often if there was violence at a courthouse, it was over a domestic affairs case. I saw the video. I was already in Con-gress. I was no longer sitting on the bench in that courthouse, but I saw the video. And as soon as there were gun-shots, those deputies—I knew them; I loved them—were running to the sound of the gun. They didn’t hunker behind anything. They ran to the sound of the gun. And that has been repeated around the country. Law officers hear a gun and they run to the sound of the gun. But, apparently, it appears from what we are reading, that the sheriff there had a department that is living in pre- Columbine days. Just like before 9/11, it was thought that if your plane is highjacked, just don’t create a problem; there will be negotiations when you land some-where. I still believe to this day there were American heroes on all four of those planes; and if the first three planes had known they were going to be used as a bomb to kill others, there were Ameri-cans that would have stepped up and stopped it just like those incredibly he-roic Americans did who brought down the plane in Pennsylvania. So I don’t think it will ever happen again. There will always be people who love this country and love life so much that they would give theirs to save so many others. That is what Jesus said is the greatest love, and clearly the fourth flight had that. But here is a story from the Florida Sun Sentinel. It is entitled ‘‘School shooter Nikolas Cruz: An unending saga of disturbed behavior and red flags,’’ written by Brittany Wallman, Paula McMahon, Megan O’Matz, and Susannah Bryan. They document that he did things like—well, of course, we know apparently he didn’t know his fa-ther. He knew his adopted father. Of course, his adopted father and mother had died. Apparently they had a won-derful home, swimming pool, lots of comforts; but he didn’t have a moral compass at all. Apparently he threat-ened his mother, threatened his broth-er, violence on his brother. At least threatened violence on his own mother. We know from this article, at least, it says the adopted father, Mr. C
RUZ, didn’t own any guns. But Nikolas was diagnosed as having a string of dis-orders: depression, attention deficit, hyperactivity disorder, emotional be-havior disability, and autism. His mom told the sheriff’s deputies he also had obsessive-compulsive disorder and anger issues. He had counselors in school and at home, according to DCF records. He took medications. We don’t know what all medications he took. Maybe there was some relationship there. We ought to be able to discern how many of these people have taken dif-ferent types of drugs and which ones they were. We know there seems to be a correlation between people commit-ting suicide and many of the medica-tions that are prescribed to kids who feel troubled. This article says that Nikolas was a mama’s boy, yet he threatened his mother. His mother called the police to say he got physical with his brother and with her. It sounds like a physical assault on his mother. My late mother was close to 5-foot. I was a lot bigger than she was in high school, but, whew, I knew not to even think about raising a hand. When he was 14, his mother reported he had hit her with a plastic hose from a vacuum cleaner. A few months later, she told deputies he had thrown her against the wall because she took away his Xbox gaming system. A year later, she told deputies Nikolas had punched the wall after she took away his Xbox. Foul language, insults, disobedience, disruption. Cruz’s behavior was exactly what schoolteachers frowned upon. He went to a different school for a while which offered a program for emotionally and behaviorally disabled children, but, ac-cording to the article, Cruz could not control himself. Now, it talked about in the article that he was 5-foot-7, 120 pounds. I know a lot about being bullied up through junior high, up through eighth grade, because I was very small. I didn’t start growing of any size until high school. I may have been the smallest guy on our football team the first couple of years in high school. I know a lot about get-ting bullied. I know a lot about getting my nose bloodied. I never killed any-body. b2145 I had parents that would make all four of us kids quite angry, but they taught us respect of authority. They disciplined us, and they made sure we were in Sunday school and church every week. It looks like the school and the com-munity and the sheriff’s office all helped Ms. Cruz and Nikolas—and I use ‘‘helped’’ loosely—avoid having a criminal record that would have pre-vented him from having a gun and would have prevented him from killing 17 people. At least, it would be a whole lot more difficult without a gun like he had. But they all worked together, un-knowingly. Of course, it was not inten-tionally. They thought they were help-ing him. And what they were doing, what was coming down the road, was a disaster of massive proportions. We do need to do something that pre-vents this in the future. Some say, well, it is time to end the personal transfer loophole, so a father can’t give a son a weapon. Well, perhaps if Nikolas’ father had taught him—I have got a friend from Florida I was visiting with this week-end, and he said the worst whipping that he ever got was when he pointed a gun, his grandfather’s gun, at his brother. He never did that again. I am not advocating violence on kids. I know the Bible says: 
Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a child, but the rod of correction will drive it far from him. 
But as a judge, a felony judge, I have seen kids be abused beyond propriety that justified criminal penalty. But we could take some action, it would seem, that would prevent entities, whether it is the Air Force, whether it is the Broward school system, the Broward County Sheriff’s Office, from pre-venting someone from avoiding appro-priately having a criminal record that would prohibit them getting a gun. That way, we are talking about some-thing that would prevent this same thing from happening. When it comes to the personal trans-fer of weapons, as John Locke was say-ing the other day, in over 100 years, there has not been a mass shooting that involved a gun received in a per-sonal transfer, whether it is from fa-ther to son, friend to friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.067 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1264 February 26, 2018 
Of course, if there is somebody at a gun show who is not having a back-ground check and they are selling more than one weapon there, there is a good chance they are committing a crime. It is not a loophole at a gun show. Any-body that is there selling guns needs to have the background check done, and they do. And you can’t get the gun until it has gone through a proper background check, and you get it from someone who ensures that everything is followed. I had won a gun at an auction some— I have heard some people say, yeah, we have got to stop that, too, getting a gun at an auction. I had to go through the background check. I had to pick it up at a store. I felt sorry for the store. But there are stores that sell guns that are constantly having to clear somebody who bought it online, be-cause you cannot pick up that gun until the background check is done, and you go to someone who has ensured the background check is done and then get the weapon. So that seems to be something we could do. And then we were talking to some of our Freedom Caucus tonight, and un-like the no-fly list, where the Obama administration would not tell us how you got on it and would not give us any idea of how you appeal, how you get off—we would plead for some people who were law-abiding and shouldn’t have been on there. Sometimes they get off; sometimes they don’t. But we, as Congress, House and Sen-ate, need to pass a bill that sets up a due process where, if you are on the no- fly list, you can appeal and get off. We ought to make it where, if you had been guilty of assaults, whether in school or in the home, as Nikolas Cruz was, or whether it is in public, that ought to prevent you from getting a gun. Of course, domestic situations, things often get so heated. I have seen terrible charges alleged against a fa-ther or mother during the course of a divorce, and that is something the State legislature could deal with. If it involves some Federal entity, it is something that we can deal with and say this is how you could appeal and get an unjust decision blocking a gun purchase. But we also know that those people who say, hey, there have been 3 million or so people who shouldn’t buy guns who have been blocked from buying guns, well, they don’t know the rest of the story. The rest of the story is there aren’t but just a few dozen people who get prosecuted out of 3 million. Someone told me yesterday it was only a few dozen of the 3 million who are ever prosecuted for improperly fil-ing for a gun. There may have been 3 million people denied, but it turns out there were mistakes because of the ways in which the names are checked. Do you really want to get to the bot-tom line, Mr. Speaker? John Adams was President in 1798. Some of these very issues kept coming up. The people who founded this coun-try, they were better read than most students are today even after college. And even those who didn’t believe the Bible, they quoted it. In fact, in this very room and in the room right down the hall where the United States House of Representatives met for the majority of the 1800s, the Bible, during sessions, was the most quoted book in our history. In here, in that room, in the Senate down the hall, the Old Senate, the current Senate, the Bible is the most quoted book in our history, and there would seem to be good reason. Within the Bible, itself, you find the words: 
For the Word of God is living and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, pierc-ing even to the division of soul and spirit. It is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. 
But John Adams was President after two terms under President George Washington, under our current Con-stitution. He knew precisely what the Constitution said. He knew how it had come about. He was Vice President, President of the Senate when the Bill of Rights was created. He was part of that process. Yet John Adams explained, President John Adams explained, in 1798, the bot-tom line, that people in this country have got to understand, if we are going to address the kind of violence that has sparked around this country. John Adams explained it. His words were more than prescient. They are perpet-ually true as long as we are operating under this Constitution. As he said, knowing, having read many times every word of the Con-stitution, the Bill of Rights, having helped generate this Bill of Rights, he knew what they were. But he said: 
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inad-equate to the government of any other. 
You want to know where the answer is? If people are going to be safe in America, we have a choice. We either start anew, teaching morality, teach-ing that there is a right or wrong, that not everything is relative, and even if those who don’t believe there is a God don’t want to hear about it, it is okay to talk about God. You don’t have to believe it. Look at Jefferson’s words. He made clear—of course, it always amazed me how he could put the biggest grievance in the original declaration against King George was ever allowing slavery. So on the one hand, he could see the problems created for America by ever allowing the inhumanity of man to man, but he talked about the best hope being the teaching of Jesus, that we should be teaching, the best hope for America. But if we are going to be safe, we have got to teach morality, encourage religion, not force secular humanism, hedonism on America. It is okay to talk about it. It is okay to teach about it. In fact, the studies I saw as a felony judge repeatedly indicated the best hope of cutting recidivism of criminals is if they go through an intensive Christian Bible study in prison. So afraid of talking about the Bible, so afraid of talking about Christianity. There is no official religion in this country, but, as the Supreme Court said at the end of the 19th century, this is a Christian nation. Not everybody was Christian, of course, but it was founded on Judeo-Christian beliefs. It was founded on the Bible. And that is the reason Moses’ full face is up there in the middle, because he was felt to be the best lawgiver in the history of the world. Obviously, the Supreme Court doesn’t think so much anymore. We have a choice: teach morality, en-courage religion, or, in order to be safe, we have got to give up the Second Amendment. We have already given up parts of the Second Amendment in a part of it. We have given up part of our freedom of assembly. We have given up part of our freedom of speech. We have given up a big hunk of freedom of reli-gion, because this Constitution was only meant to govern a moral and reli-gious people. And unless we are willing to start teaching morality again, we have no hope of being safe under the current Constitution. I pray to God, and prayers can work. God will hear from Heaven. I pray to God that people will wake up and we won’t have to discharge different parts of our constitutional rights in order to remain safe. I look at the interior of this Bible that belonged to my uncle. It is a New Testament. On the front, engraved in the middle ‘‘May the Lord be with you.’’ He had it in World War II. But inside, at the top, it says: ‘‘The White House, Washington. As Com-mander-in-Chief, I take pleasure in commending the reading of the Bible to all who serve in the Armed Forces of the United States. Throughout the cen-turies, men of many faiths and diverse origins have found in the Sacred Book words of wisdom, counsel, and inspira-tion. It is a fountain of strength and now, as always, an aid in attaining the highest aspirations of the human soul’’—signed, Franklin D. Roosevelt. That is not a mistake that President Roosevelt made. It needs to be one we don’t make either. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.069 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1265 February 26, 2018 
4099. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Off-Site Waste and Recovery Operations [EPA-HQ- OAR-2012-0360; FRL-9972-89-OAR] received January 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4100. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Flonicamid; Pesticide Tol-erances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA- HQ-OPP-2017-0498; FRL-9971-94] received Jan-uary 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4101. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Difenoconazole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0254; FRL- 9971-95] received January 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4102. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Calcium Salts of Phos-phorous Acid; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0578; FRL-9970-96] received January 24, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4103. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus thuringiensis Cry51Aa2.834—16; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2017-0401; FRL-9972-62] received January 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4104. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Nonattainment New Source Review Re-quirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Stand-ard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0398; FRL-9973-37-Re-gion 3] received January 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4105. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Massa-chusetts; Revised Format for Materials Being Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R01- OAR-2017-0107; FRL-9972-53-Region 1] re-ceived January 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4106. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Chlorfenapyr; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0333; FRL-9970-88] received January 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4107. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — New York: Incorpora-tion by Reference of State Hazardous Waste Management Program [EPA-R02-RCRA-2018- 0034; FRL-9974-06-Region 2] received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4108. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Zoxamide; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0681; FRL-9972-69] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4109. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Rimsulfuron; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0516; FRL-9972-36] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4110. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Cyflufenamid; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0649; FRL- 9972-61] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4111. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Mojave Desert Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2017- 0564; FRL-9973-56-Region 9] received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4112. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Mojave Desert Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2017- 0573; FRL-9973-55-Region 9] received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4113. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Removal of Clean Air Interstate Rule Trading Programs Replaced by Cross- State Air Pollution Rule Trading Programs[EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0574; FRL-9974- 12-Region 3] received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4114. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans; Approvals and Promulga-tions: California; South Coast Moderate Area Plan for the 2006 PM2.5 Standards; Correc-tion of Deficiency [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0204; FRL-9974-11-Region 9] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4115. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; OR, Oakridge; PM2.5 Moderate Plan, Finding of Attainment and Clean Data Determination [EPA-R10-2017-0051; FRL-9974-16-Region 10] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 805. A bill to authorize the conveyance of and remove the rever-sionary interest of the United States in cer-tain lands in the City of Tulare, California (Rept. 115–579). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 835. A bill to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument (Rept. 115– 580). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4134. A bill to redesig-nate the White Clouds Wilderness in the Sawtooth and Challis National Forests in the State of Idaho as the Cecil D. Andrus- White Clouds Wilderness in honor of former Idaho Governor and Secretary of the Interior Cecil D. Andrus (Rept. 115–581). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 747. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4296) to place re-quirements on operational risk capital re-quirements for banking organizations estab-lished by an appropriate Federal banking agency, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduc-tion Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal finan-cial regulators perform a comprehensive re-view of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory require-ments imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–582). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 748. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law re-lating to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–583). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 5085. A bill to repeal the section of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 that requires the Federal Commu-nications Commission to reallocate and auc-tion the T-Band spectrum; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida): H.R. 5086. A bill to require the Director of the National Science Foundation to develop an I-Corps course to support commercializa-tion-ready innovation companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.000 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1266 February 26, 2018 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Mr. B
ERA, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Mary-land, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. F
RANKEL of Flor-ida, Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Flor-ida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Ms. P ELOSI ): H.R. 5087. A bill to regulate the importa-tion, manufacture, possession, sale or trans-fer of assault weapons, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 5088. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the transfer of a semiautomatic assault weapon to a person under 21 years of age, and to prohibit the possession or ownership of a semiautomatic assault weapon by such a person, with excep-tions for active duty military personnel and full-time law enforcement employees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5089. A bill to improve threat informa-tion sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation se-curity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. B ASS, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 5090. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a Federal firearms licensee from selling or delivering certain semiautomatic centerfire rifles to a person under 21 years of age, with exceptions for ac-tive duty military personnel and full-time law enforcement officers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5091. A bill to require the head of each agency to submit a report with respect to nonessential employees after any lapse in appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5092. A bill to conduct or support fur-ther comprehensive research for the creation of a universal influenza vaccine; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5093. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deploy-ment and adoption on the economy of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana): H.R. 5094. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious ac-tivity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5095. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve access of veterans to cancer treatment at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5096. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to assist States to establish or expand universal prekindergarten in public schools and public charter schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5097. A bill to amend title 38 and title 5, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and other officials of the Department of Veterans Affairs to re-ceive health care from the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 5098. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve the notification to Congress of the hospitalization of combat- wounded members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ERA, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. K EATING , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. S CHNEI -
DER, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. T ITUS, and Mrs. T ORRES ): H. Res. 749. A resolution calling upon the President to exercise relevant mandatory sanctions authorities under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act in response to the Government of the Russian Federation’s continued aggression in Ukraine and forcible and illegal annex-ation of Crimea and assault on democratic institutions around the world, including through cyber attacks; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on House Administration, the Judi-ciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H. Res. 750. A resolution expressing support for the designation of a ‘‘Prisoners of Con-science Day‘‘; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 751. A resolution calling on Con-gress to enact a new preclearance formula for the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and con-demning voter suppression laws enacted by States and political subdivisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section I, Article 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 5088. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.100 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1267 February 26, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 5089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section I of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 5090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 3) By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 5093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 5094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress stall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Executive the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 5098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 12–14 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 60: Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 173: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 233: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 389: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 426: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 444: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 559: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 592: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida. H.R. 713: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 719: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 721: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 816: Mr. C
RIST and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER . H.R. 821: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 846: Mr. Y
OHO, Ms. L EE, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 858: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 881: Mr. D
OGGETT and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 889: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 911: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 936: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 949: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 964: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 975: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 980: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1057: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1078: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1079: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1111: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1160: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1205: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1398: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1405: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1409: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 1475: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1478: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ERA, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1516: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 1542: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 1562: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 1599: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 1612: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1617: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 1636: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1661: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1676: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H.R. 1692: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1708: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1723: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1762: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1772: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 1832: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1861: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1880: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1881: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1902: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S OTO, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1905: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 1906: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 1928: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1953: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 2004: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 2024: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 2149: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 2215: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 2267: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2299: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 2309: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2310: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2319: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 2379: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2392: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2409: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2566: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2567: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 2584: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 2666: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2668: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 2670: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 2687: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 2851: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 2871: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2953: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3013: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3030: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 3124: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3197: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 3199: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3272: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3273: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. B ASS, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 3303: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3304: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3307: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3314: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3464: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3586: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3593: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3613: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3622: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3623: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 3642: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3654: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3694: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 3712: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3790: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3810: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3889: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3894: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3964: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3975: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3999: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4025: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4052: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 4057: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 4058: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4082: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 4099: Mr. B
ARR and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4122: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4186: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 4207: Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 4240: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4265: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4268: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S
IRES, and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 4345: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. H.R. 4379: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4403: Mr. C
ORREA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.017 H26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1268 February 26, 2018 
H.R. 4429: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4444: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4473: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 4536: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4549: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4556: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4573: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4604: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 4616: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4633: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4655: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 4681: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4732: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. H IGGINS of Lou- isiana, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4747: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4760: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4775: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T
AKANO , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 4777: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4780: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4796: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4811: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 4825: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4838: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 4839: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4844: Mr. R
OSSand Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4846: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4850: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4851: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 4881: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 4888: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4903: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4909: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. D
UFFY , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. R
OSS, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. B ACON , Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4910: Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 4912: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4916: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. D
UFFY , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4917: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4925: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4932: Mr. C
RIST, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali- fornia, Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4949: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4953: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4962: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia. H.R. 4970: Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 4995: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4999: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5005: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. L EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 5009: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5015: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER . H.R. 5031: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5034: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 5045: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5056: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5058: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 5072: Mr. P
AULSEN and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.J. Res. 6: Mr. M
ESSER . H.J. Res. 126: Ms. NORTON . H. Con. Res. 22: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H. Res. 128: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 134: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H. Res. 199: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. N ORCROSS . H. Res. 313: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 356: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 367: Ms. B
ASS. H. Res. 401: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H. Res. 632: Mr. B
ARR. H. Res. 713: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 715: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 720: Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H. Res. 740: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H. Res. 741: Mr. S
CHIFF . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Chairman G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.025 H26FEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1199 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2018 No. 34 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious God, lover of our souls, in-spire our Senators to acknowledge Your greatness and to depend on Your wisdom and power. May they find their strength and usefulness in their total dependence on You. Lord, deliver them from those who hate the upright and surround them with the shield of Your Divine favor. Give them the wisdom to find common ground in order to accomplish the best for our Nation and world. Remind them that righteousness elevates a nation but sin destroys. Prepare their hearts and minds for all the challenges they will face in the days to come. And Lord, today we thank You for the legacy of our Nation’s first Presi-dent, George Washington. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. READING OF WASHINGTON’S FAREWELL ADDRESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to the order of the Senate of January 24, 1901, as amended by the order of January 29, 2018, the Senator from Michigan, Mr. PETERS , will now read Washington’s Farewell Address. Mr. PETERS, at the rostrum, read the Farewell Address, as follows: To the people of the United States: F
RIENDS AND FELLOW -CITIZENS : The period for a new election of a citizen to administer the executive government of the United States being not far dis-tant, and the time actually arrived when your thoughts must be employed in designating the person who is to be clothed with that important trust, it appears to me proper, especially as it may conduce to a more distinct expres-sion of the public voice, that I should now apprise you of the resolution I have formed, to decline being consid-ered among the number of those out of whom a choice is to be made. I beg you at the same time to do me the justice to be assured that this reso-lution has not been taken without a strict regard to all the considerations appertaining to the relation which binds a dutiful citizen to his country— and that, in withdrawing the tender of service which silence in my situation might imply, I am influenced by no diminution of zeal for your future in-terest, no deficiency of grateful respect for your past kindness, but am sup-ported by a full conviction that the step is compatible with both. The acceptance of, and continuance hitherto in, the office to which your suffrages have twice called me have been a uniform sacrifice of inclination to the opinion of duty and to a def-erence for what appeared to be your de-sire. I constantly hoped that it would have been much earlier in my power, consistently with motives which I was not at liberty to disregard, to return to that retirement from which I had been reluctantly drawn. The strength of my inclination to do this, previous to the last election, had even led to the prepa-ration of an address to declare it to you; but mature reflection on the then perplexed and critical posture of our affairs with foreign nations, and the unanimous advice of persons entitled to my confidence, impelled me to aban-don the idea. I rejoice that the state of your con-cerns, external as well as internal, no longer renders the pursuit of inclina-tion incompatible with the sentiment of duty or propriety and am persuaded, whatever partiality may be retained for my services, that in the present cir-cumstances of our country you will not disapprove my determination to retire. The impressions with which I first undertook the arduous trust were ex-plained on the proper occasion. In the discharge of this trust, I will only say that I have, with good intentions, con-tributed towards the organization and administration of the government the best exertions of which a very fallible judgment was capable. Not unconscious in the outset of the inferiority of my qualifications, experience in my own eyes, perhaps still more in the eyes of others, has strengthened the motives to diffidence of myself, and every day the increasing weight of years admon-ishes me more and more that the shade of retirement is as necessary to me as it will be welcome. Satisfied that if any circumstances have given peculiar value to my services, they were tem-porary, I have the consolation to be-lieve that, while choice and prudence invite me to quit the political scene, patriotism does not forbid it. In looking forward to the moment which is intended to terminate the ca-reer of my public life, my feelings do not permit me to suspend the deep ac-knowledgment of that debt of gratitude which I owe to my beloved country for the many honors it has conferred upon me, still more for the steadfast con-fidence with which it has supported me and for the opportunities I have thence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.000 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1200 February 26, 2018 
enjoyed of manifesting my inviolable attachment by services faithful and persevering, though in usefulness un-equal to my zeal. If benefits have re-sulted to our country from these serv-ices, let it always be remembered to your praise and as an instructive exam-ple in our annals that, under cir-cumstances in which the passions agi-tated in every direction were liable to mislead, amidst appearances some-times dubious, vicissitudes of fortune often discouraging, in situations in which not unfrequently want of success has countenanced the spirit of criti-cism, the constancy of your support was the essential prop of the efforts and a guarantee of the plans by which they were effected. Profoundly pene-trated with this idea, I shall carry it with me to my grave as a strong incite-ment to unceasing vows that Heaven may continue to you the choicest to-kens of its beneficence; that your union and brotherly affection may be perpetual; that the free constitution, which is the work of your hands, may be sacredly maintained; that its admin-istration in every department may be stamped with wisdom and virtue; that, in fine, the happiness of the people of these states, under the auspices of lib-erty, may be made complete by so care-ful a preservation and so prudent a use of this blessing as will acquire to them the glory of recommending it to the ap-plause, the affection, and adoption of every nation which is yet a stranger to it. Here, perhaps, I ought to stop. But a solicitude for your welfare, which can-not end but with my life, and the ap-prehension of danger natural to that solicitude, urge me on an occasion like the present to offer to your solemn contemplation, and to recommend to your frequent review, some sentiments which are the result of much reflec-tion, of no inconsiderable observation, and which appear to me all important to the permanency of your felicity as a people. These will be offered to you with the more freedom as you can only see in them the disinterested warnings of a parting friend, who can possibly have no personal motive to bias his counsel. Nor can I forget, as an encour-agement to it, your indulgent recep-tion of my sentiments on a former and not dissimilar occasion. Interwoven as is the love of liberty with every ligament of your hearts, no recommendation of mine is necessary to fortify or confirm the attachment. The unity of government which con-stitutes you one people is also now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the support of your tran-quility at home, your peace abroad, of your safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which you so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee that, from different causes and from different quarters, much pains will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth; as this is the point in your polit-ical fortress against which the bat-teries of internal and external enemies will be most constantly and actively (though often covertly and insidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment that you should properly estimate the im-mense value of your national Union to your collective and individual happi-ness; that you should cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palladium of your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preservation with jeal-ous anxiety; discountenancing what-ever may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts. For this you have every inducement of sympathy and interest. Citizens by birth or choice of a common country, that country has a right to concentrate your affections. The name of American, which belongs to you in your national capacity, must always exalt the just pride of patriotism more than any ap-pellation derived from local discrimi-nations. With slight shades of dif-ference, you have the same religion, manners, habits, and political prin-ciples. You have in a common cause fought and triumphed together. The independence and liberty you possess are the work of joint councils and joint efforts—of common dangers, sufferings, and successes. But these considerations, however powerfully they address themselves to your sensibility, are greatly out-weighed by those which apply more im-mediately to your interest. Here every portion of our country finds the most commanding motives for carefully guarding and preserving the Union of the whole. The North, in an unrestrained inter-course with the South, protected by the equal laws of a common govern-ment, finds in the productions of the latter great additional resources of maritime and commercial enterprise and precious materials of manufac-turing industry. The South in the same intercourse, benefitting by the agency of the North, sees its agriculture grow and its commerce expand. Turning partly into its own channels the sea-men of the North, it finds its particular navigation invigorated; and while it contributes, in different ways, to nour-ish and increase the general mass of the national navigation, it looks for-ward to the protection of a maritime strength to which itself is unequally adapted. The East, in a like intercourse with the West, already finds, and in the progressive improvement of interior communications by land and water will more and more find a valuable vent for the commodities which it brings from abroad or manufactures at home. The West derives from the East supplies requisite to its growth and comfort— and what is perhaps of still greater consequence, it must of necessity owe the secure enjoyment of indispensable outlets for its own productions to the weight, influence, and the future mari-time strength of the Atlantic side of the Union, directed by an indissoluble community of interest as one nation. Any other tenure by which the West can hold this essential advantage, whether derived from its own separate strength or from an apostate and un-natural connection with any foreign power, must be intrinsically precar-ious. While then every part of our country thus feels an immediate and particular interest in union, all the parts com-bined cannot fail to find in the united mass of means and efforts greater strength, greater resource, proportion-ably greater security from external danger, a less frequent interruption of their peace by foreign nations; and, what is of inestimable value! they must derive from union an exemption from those broils and wars between them-selves which so frequently afflict neighboring countries not tied together by the same government, which their own rivalships alone would be suffi-cient to produce, but which opposite foreign alliances, attachments, and in-trigues would stimulate and embitter. Hence likewise they will avoid the ne-cessity of those overgrown military es-tablishments, which under any form of government are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as par-ticularly hostile to republican liberty. In this sense it is, that your Union ought to be considered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preser-vation of the other. These considerations speak a persua-sive language to every reflecting and virtuous mind and exhibit the continu-ance of the Union as a primary object of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt whether a common government can embrace so large a sphere? Let experi-ence solve it. To listen to mere specu-lation in such a case were criminal. We are authorized to hope that a proper organization of the whole, with the auxiliary agency of governments for the respective subdivisions, will afford a happy issue to the experiment. It is well worth a fair and full experiment. With such powerful and obvious mo-tives to union affecting all parts of our country, while experience shall not have demonstrated its imprac-ticability, there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weak-en its bands. In contemplating the causes which may disturb our Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing parties by geographical discriminations—northern and south-ern—Atlantic and western; whence de-signing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local interests and views. One of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.001 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1201 February 26, 2018 
expedients of party to acquire influ-ence within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts. You cannot shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heart burnings which spring from these misrepresentations. They tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection. The inhabitants of our western country have lately had a useful lesson on this head. They have seen in the negotiation by the execu-tive—and in the unanimous ratifica-tion by the Senate—of the treaty with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that event throughout the United States, a decisive proof how unfounded were the suspicions propagated among them of a policy in the general govern-ment and in the Atlantic states un-friendly to their interests in regard to the Mississippi. They have been wit-nesses to the formation of two treaties, that with Great Britain and that with Spain, which secure to them every-thing they could desire, in respect to our foreign relations, towards con-firming their prosperity. Will it not be their wisdom to rely for the preserva-tion of these advantages on the Union by which they were procured? Will they not henceforth be deaf to those advis-ers, if such there are, who would sever them from their brethren and connect them with aliens? To the efficacy and permanency of your Union, a government for the whole is indispensable. No alliances, however strict, between the parts can be an adequate substitute. They must inevitably experience the infractions and interruptions which all alliances in all times have experienced. Sensible of this momentous truth, you have im-proved upon your first essay by the adoption of a Constitution of govern-ment better calculated than your former for an intimate Union and for the efficacious management of your common concerns. This government, the offspring of our own choice uninfluenced and unawed, adopted upon full investigation and mature de-liberation, completely free in its prin-ciples, in the distribution of its powers uniting security with energy, and con-taining within itself a provision for its own amendment, has a just claim to your confidence and your support. Re-spect for its authority, compliance with its laws, acquiescence in its meas-ures, are duties enjoined by the funda-mental maxims of true liberty. The basis of our political systems is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of govern-ment. But the Constitution which at any time exists, until changed by an explicit and authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon all. The very idea of the power and the right of the people to establish govern-ment presupposes the duty of every in-dividual to obey the established gov-ernment. All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all combinations and associa-tions under whatever plausible char-acter with the real design to direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and action of the con-stituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize fac-tion; to give it an artificial and ex-traordinary force; to put in the place of the delegated will of the nation the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the com-munity; and, according to the alter-nate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill concerted and incon-gruous projects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans digested by common councils and modified by mutual interests. However combinations or associations of the above description may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely, in the course of time and things, to be-come potent engines by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying after-wards the very engines which have lift-ed them to unjust dominion. Towards the preservation of your government and the permanency of your present happy state, it is req-uisite not only that you steadily dis-countenance irregular oppositions to its acknowledged authority but also that you resist with care the spirit of innovation upon its principles, however specious the pretexts. One method of assault may be to effect in the forms of the Constitution alterations which will impair the energy of the system and thus to undermine what cannot be di-rectly overthrown. In all the changes to which you may be invited, remem-ber that time and habit are at least as necessary to fix the true character of governments as of other human insti-tutions, that experience is the surest standard by which to test the real tendency of the existing constitution of a country, that facility in changes upon the credit of mere hypotheses and opinion exposes to perpetual change from the endless variety of hypotheses and opinion; and remember, especially, that for the efficient management of your common interests in a country so extensive as ours, a government of as much vigor as is consistent with the perfect security of liberty is indispen-sable; liberty itself will find in such a government, with powers properly dis-tributed and adjusted, its surest guard-ian. It is indeed little else than a name, where the government is too feeble to withstand the enterprises of faction, to confine each member of the society within the limits prescribed by the laws, and to maintain all in the secure and tranquil enjoyment of the rights of person and property. I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the state, with par-ticular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehen-sive view and warn you in the most sol-emn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party, generally. This spirit, unfortunately, is insepa-rable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less sti-fled, controlled, or repressed; but in those of the popular form it is seen in its greatest rankness and is truly their worst enemy. The alternate domination of one fac-tion over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dis-sension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which re-sult gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the abso-lute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this dis-position to the purposes of his own ele-vation on the ruins of public liberty. Without looking forward to an ex-tremity of this kind (which neverthe-less ought not to be entirely out of sight) the common and continual mis-chiefs of the spirit of party are suffi-cient to make it the interest and the duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it. It serves always to distract the pub-lic councils and enfeeble the public ad-ministration. It agitates the commu-nity with ill founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments oc-casionally riot and insurrection. It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption, which find a facilitated ac-cess to the government itself through the channels of party passions. Thus the policy and the will of one country are subjected to the policy and will of another. There is an opinion that parties in free countries are useful checks upon the administration of the government and serve to keep alive the spirit of lib-erty. This within certain limits is prob-ably true—and in governments of a mo-narchical cast patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with favor, upon the spirit of party. But in those of the popular character, in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be encouraged. From their natural tend-ency, it is certain there will always be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose. And there being constant dan-ger of excess, the effort ought to be by force of public opinion to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to pre-vent its bursting into a flame, lest in-stead of warming it should consume. It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those en-trusted with its administration to con-fine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.001 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1202 February 26, 2018 
exercise of the powers of one depart-ment to encroach upon another. The spirit of encroachment tends to con-solidate the powers of all the depart-ments in one and thus to create, what-ever the form of government, a real despotism. A just estimate of that love of power and proneness to abuse it which predominates in the human heart is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position. The necessity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of po-litical power, by dividing and distrib-uting it into different depositories and constituting each the guardian of the public weal against invasions by the others, has been evinced by experi-ments ancient and modern, some of them in our country and under our own eyes. To preserve them must be as nec-essary as to institute them. If in the opinion of the people the distribution or modification of the constitutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be corrected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution designates. But let there be no change by usurpa-tion; for though this, in one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is the customary weapon by which free governments are destroyed. The prece-dent must always greatly overbalance in permanent evil any partial or tran-sient benefit which the use can at any time yield. Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, reli-gion and morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and to cherish them. A volume could not trace all their connections with private and pub-lic felicity. Let it simply be asked where is the security for property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of reli-gious obligation desert the oaths, which are the instruments of investiga-tion in courts of justice? And let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained with-out religion. Whatever may be con-ceded to the influence of refined edu-cation on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can pre-vail in exclusion of religious principle. It is substantially true that virtue or morality is a necessary spring of pop-ular government. The rule indeed ex-tends with more or less force to every species of free government. Who that is a sincere friend to it can look with in-difference upon attempts to shake the foundation of the fabric? Promote then, as an object of pri-mary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In pro-portion as the structure of a govern-ment gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened. As a very important source of strength and security, cherish public credit. One method of preserving it is to use it as sparingly as possible, avoiding occasions of expense by culti-vating peace, but remembering also that timely disbursements to prepare for danger frequently prevent much greater disbursements to repel it; avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning occasions of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars may have oc-casioned, not ungenerously throwing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear. The execution of these maxims belongs to your rep-resentatives, but it is necessary that public opinion should cooperate. To fa-cilitate to them the performance of their duty, it is essential that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts there must be revenue; that to have revenue there must be taxes; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleasant; that the intrinsic embarrassment inseparable from the selection of the proper objects (which is always a choice of difficul-ties) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid construction of the conduct of the government in making it, and for a spirit of acquiescence in the measures for obtaining revenue which the public exigencies may at any time dictate. Observe good faith and justice to-wards all nations; cultivate peace and harmony with all; religion and moral-ity enjoin this conduct, and can it be that good policy does not equally en-join it? It will be worthy of a free, en-lightened, and, at no distant period, a great nation, to give to mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence. Who can doubt that in the course of time and things the fruits of such a plan would richly repay any temporary advantages which might be lost by a steady adherence to it? Can it be, that Providence has not connected the permanent felicity of a nation with its virtue? The experiment, at least, is recommended by every sen-timent which ennobles human nature. Alas! is it rendered impossible by its vices? In the execution of such a plan noth-ing is more essential than that perma-nent, inveterate antipathies against particular nations and passionate at-tachments for others should be ex-cluded and that in place of them just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated. The nation which indulges towards another an habitual hatred, or an habitual fondness, is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. Antip-athy in one nation against another dis-poses each more readily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes of umbrage, and to be haughty and in-tractable when accidental or trifling occasions of dispute occur. Hence fre-quent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody contests. The nation, prompted by ill will and resentment, sometimes impels to war the govern-ment, contrary to the best calculations of policy. The government sometimes participates in the national propensity and adopts through passion what rea-son would reject; at other times, it makes the animosity of the nation sub-servient to projects of hostility insti-gated by pride, ambition and other sin-ister and pernicious motives. The peace often, sometimes perhaps the liberty, of nations has been the victim. So likewise, a passionate attachment of one nation for another produces a variety of evils. Sympathy for the fa-vorite nation, facilitating the illusion of an imaginary common interest in cases where no real common interest exists and infusing into one the enmi-ties of the other, betrays the former into a participation in the quarrels and wars of the latter, without adequate in-ducement or justification. It leads also to concessions to the favorite nation of privileges denied to others, which is apt doubly to injure the nation making the concessions, by unnecessarily part-ing with what ought to have been re-tained and by exciting jealousy, ill will, and a disposition to retaliate in the parties from whom equal privileges are withheld. And it gives to ambi-tious, corrupted, or deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the favorite nation) facility to betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country without odium, sometimes even with popularity, gilding with the appear-ances of a virtuous sense of obligation, a commendable deference for public opinion, or a laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish compliances of ambition, corruption, or infatuation. As avenues to foreign influence in in-numerable ways, such attachments are particularly alarming to the truly en-lightened and independent patriot. How many opportunities do they afford to tamper with domestic factions, to prac-tice the arts of seduction, to mislead public opinion, to influence or awe the public councils! Such an attachment of a small or weak towards a great and powerful nation dooms the former to be the satellite of the latter. Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instru-ment of the very influence to be avoid-ed, instead of a defense against it. Ex-cessive partiality for one foreign na-tion and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influ-ence on the other. Real patriots, who may resist the intrigues of the favor-ite, are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the peo-ple to surrender their interests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.001 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1203 February 26, 2018 
The great rule of conduct for us in re-gard to foreign nations is, in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be ful-filled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop. Europe has a set of primary inter-ests, which to us have none or a very remote relation. Hence she must be en-gaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence therefore it must be unwise in us to implicate our-selves, by artificial ties, in the ordi-nary vicissitudes of her politics or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities. Our detached and distant situation invites and enables us to pursue a dif-ferent course. If we remain one people under an efficient government, the pe-riod is not far off when we may defy material injury from external annoy-ance; when we may take such an atti-tude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when bellig-erent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provo-cation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interest guided by justice shall counsel. Why forgo the advantages of so pecu-liar a situation? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rival-ship, interest, humor, or caprice? It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world—so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it, for let me not be understood as capable of pa-tronizing infidelity to existing engage-ments (I hold the maxim no less appli-cable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best pol-icy)—I repeat it therefore, let those en-gagements be observed in their genuine sense. But in my opinion it is unneces-sary and would be unwise to extend them. Taking care always to keep our-selves, by suitable establishments, on a respectably defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances for extraordinary emergencies. Harmony, liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand: neither seek-ing nor granting exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of things; diffusing and diversi-fying by gentle means the streams of commerce but forcing nothing; estab-lishing with powers so disposed—in order to give to trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, and to enable the government to sup-port them—conventional rules of inter-course, the best that present cir-cumstances and mutual opinion will permit, but temporary, and liable to be from time to time abandoned or varied, as experience and circumstances shall dictate; constantly keeping in view, that it is folly in one nation to look for disinterested favors from another— that it must pay with a portion of its independence for whatever it may ac-cept under that character—that by such acceptance it may place itself in the condition of having given equiva-lents for nominal favors and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not giving more. There can be no great-er error than to expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to dis-card. In offering to you, my countrymen, these counsels of an old and affec-tionate friend, I dare not hope they will make the strong and lasting im-pression I could wish—that they will control the usual current of the pas-sions or prevent our nation from run-ning the course which has hitherto marked the destiny of nations. But if I may even flatter myself that they may be productive of some partial benefit, some occasional good, that they may now and then recur to moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigue, to guard against the impostures of pre-tended patriotism—this hope will be a full recompense for the solicitude for your welfare by which they have been dictated. How far in the discharge of my offi-cial duties I have been guided by the principles which have been delineated, the public records and other evidences of my conduct must witness to you and to the world. To myself, the assurance of my own conscience is that I have at least believed myself to be guided by them. In relation to the still subsisting war in Europe, my proclamation of the 22d of April 1793 is the index to my plan. Sanctioned by your approving voice and by that of your representatives in both houses of Congress, the spirit of that measure has continually governed me, uninfluenced by any attempts to deter or divert me from it. After deliberate examination with the aid of the best lights I could ob-tain, I was well satisfied that our coun-try, under all the circumstances of the case, had a right to take—and was bound in duty and interest to take—a neutral position. Having taken it, I de-termined, as far as should depend upon me, to maintain it with moderation, perseverence, and firmness. The considerations which respect the right to hold this conduct it is not nec-essary on this occasion to detail. I will only observe that, according to my un-derstanding of the matter, that right, so far from being denied by any of the belligerent powers, has been virtually admitted by all. The duty of holding a neutral con-duct may be inferred, without anything more, from the obligation which jus-tice and humanity impose on every na-tion, in cases in which it is free to act, to maintain inviolate the relations of peace and amity towards other nations. The inducements of interest for ob-serving that conduct will best be re-ferred to your own reflections and ex-perience. With me, a predominant mo-tive has been to endeavor to gain time to our country to settle and mature its yet recent institutions and to progress without interruption to that degree of strength and consistency which is nec-essary to give it, humanly speaking, the command of its own fortunes. Though in reviewing the incidents of my administration I am unconscious of intentional error, I am nevertheless too sensible of my defects not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors. Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which they may tend. I shall also carry with me the hope that my country will never cease to view them with indul-gence and that, after forty-five years of my life dedicated to its service with an upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to oblivion, as myself must soon be to the man-sions of rest. Relying on its kindness in this as in other things, and actuated by that fer-vent love towards it which is so nat-ural to a man who views in it the na-tive soil of himself and his progenitors for several generations, I anticipate with pleasing expectation that retreat, in which I promise myself to realize without alloy the sweet enjoyment of partaking in the midst of my fellow citizens the benign influence of good laws under a free government—the ever favorite object of my heart, and the happy reward, as I trust, of our mutual cares, labors and dangers. G
EO. WASHINGTON .U
NITED STATES , 19th September 1796. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, in the wake of the horrific shootings at Stoneman Douglas High School, the deadliest school shooting since Sandy Hook, there has been a broad national conversation about the epidemic of gun violence in this country. It is being led 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.001 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1204 February 26, 2018 
by a group of brave high school stu-dents, the friends and classmates of the fallen, whom I will be sitting down with tomorrow. Their passion and elo-quence have been a moral course for change. Thank God for these students. They are urging us now to have a debate in Congress about something very straightforward: What can we do to stop very dangerous guns from getting into the hands of very dangerous peo-ple? How can we keep Americans safe at our movie theaters, at night clubs, at concerts and churches, and above all, at our schools? We need to get something real and significant accomplished. The problem of gun violence in this country is too immediate for another delay, too se-vere for half measures. President Trump has been talking about comprehensive background checks. We are glad to hear that. We are glad that folks are finally starting to talk about the real issues of gun safety again. Democrats believe that, at the very least, in the wake of Park-land, we should strive for comprehen-sive background checks—closing the loopholes that allow anyone, regardless of a violent history or a history of mental illness, to walk into a gun show or go on the internet and purchase a gun. More than 90 percent of Ameri-cans and the vast majority of gun own-ers support comprehensive background checks. What are we waiting for? There seems to be a discussion about a more limited proposal, the Fix NICS bill, sponsored by Senators C
ORNYN and M
URPHY , which improves the existing background check system in a few ways. I support the bill and I am a co-sponsor, but the Fix NICS bill is not what President Trump has been talk-ing about this afternoon and at other times when he says ‘‘comprehensive background checks.’’ Fix NICS was written to address one specific issue that was brought to light after the hor-rific shooting in a church in Suther-land Springs, TX. It is a proposal to ad-dress that specific problem, but it leaves unaddressed a host of crucial gun safety issues, including, and espe-cially, the loopholes in our background check system. If we only pass Fix NICS, we will be right back here after the next shooting in nearly the same place. If all Congress does in response to the Parkland shooting is to pass Fix NICS, we will not be doing our job. We must do much more than that. This week, the Democratic caucus will discuss what policies we believe will most effectively curb the uniquely American epidemic of gun violence. We will propose them and work with our Republican colleagues to perfect and, hopefully, enact them. I sincerely be-lieve we can make progress even on an issue as fraught as this one, but it will require our Republican friends to break free from the iron grip of the NRA. Our Republican friends face a simple choice: Do something real on guns or please the NRA. Doing both is impos-sible. The NRA’s No. 1 goal is to make sure nothing meaningful on gun safety ever happens. When there are national issues, when there are horrible shoot-ings, they make a feint as if they might try to do something, but then they pull right back because they want nothing to be done. As an example, after the shooting in Las Vegas, Senators tried to do some-thing here in the Senate about bump stocks, the modification that allowed the perpetrator to automatically fire his arsenal of assault weapons. The NRA and many Republicans said that they would be willing to work on it, but then what? The NRA pushed the weakest possible measure—a simple re-view of the issue by the Bureau of Al-cohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, which had already said that they couldn’t do anything about the bill. And then what happened? Nothing. Now the NRA has pushed the House Republicans to attach the Fix NICS bill—the Cornyn-Murphy bill, a very modest improvement focused on one issue that happened in Texas, but it was not relevant to what happened here in Parkland. They tried to attach that to the NRA’s No. 1 legislative pri-ority, concealed carry reciprocity, a bill that undermines our existing gun laws, defeating the entire purpose of the legislation. Even when it comes to the most mod-est improvements to gun safety laws, the NRA always finds a way to stand in the way of progress. If we are going to get something significant done to keep our schools and our kids safe from gun violence, for the first time in a very long time, President Trump and con-gressional Republicans will have to buck the NRA. It is our hope that Republican lead-ers will work with us in a bipartisan way to pass legislation that makes a real difference—not half measures, not baby steps, and certainly not attaching good legislation to legislation that would make the overall problem even worse. We hope Republicans will work with us to pass serious changes to our gun laws, whether the NRA supports them or not. That is the only way we will make progress on an issue that has frustrated Congress and the vast ma-jority of the American people for far too long. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on an-other matter, last week the Repub-lican-led FCC formally published a rule reversing net neutrality—the legal in-frastructure that kept the internet free and open to all Americans. The FCC’s rule will give the ISP—the internet service providers—the authority to re-strict customers’ access to their favor-ite websites by forcing consumers to buy internet packages, such as cable, and pay more for premium access. In this new universe, big companies that can pay to play could get faster internet service while startups and ev-eryday Americans are stuck in the slow lane. It will mean the end of the free and open internet as we know it. The way the internet has driven inno-vation and entrepreneurship and the way it has provided unprecedented op-portunities for Americans to learn and connect with one another could all change, with a profit-making organiza-tion at the toll booth deciding who pays what. We have an opportunity to save the internet by undoing the FCC’s ruling through the Congressional Review Act. All 49 Democrats have already signed on to the bill, and one Republican, SUSAN COLLINS , has joined us. We now need only one more vote, one more Re-publican, to reverse the FCC’s ruling here in the Senate. When we force a vote on this bill, for the first time, Republicans in Congress will have the opportunity to right the administration’s wrong and show the American people whose side they are on—the average consumer or once again side with big corporate interests. Are they on the side of big internet service providers and corporations, or are they on the side of consumers, en-trepreneurs, startups, and small busi-ness owners? Tomorrow there will be a net neu-trality day of action here on the Hill that I hope will focus the Senate’s at-tention on the issue. We have 60 legis-lative days to pass the CRA, and I urge every single one of my Republican col-leagues to join us and help save the internet. I yield the floor. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO MARIAN BENTON TASCO  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate Black History Month and to pay tribute to a Penn-sylvanian who has dedicated her life to public service. Today, we honor former Philadelphia councilwoman Marian Benton Tasco, whose 50-year career in public service has improved the lives of countless people in our State. Throughout her career, Marian Tasco consistently fought for the people of her commu-nity. From her first days as a typist working in the city of Philadelphia to the end of her seventh term serving on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.003 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1205 February 26, 2018 
the city council, Marian Tasco’s life has been dedicated to helping people. Today we celebrate Marian’s commit-ment to public service. Born during the days of segregation in Greensboro, NC, Marian Tasco was joyfully raised through the love and care of her mother, Mazie Benton; her great-grandmother, Susie Short; and her grandparents, Alice and Thomas Benton. At an early age, Marian ex-pressed an interest in community serv-ice through volunteer activities with the Brownies and Girl Scouts of Amer-ica. Even as a child, Marian Tasco was inspired to help others. It was at this point in her life that Marian imagined that she would go on to become an educator. With that goal in mind, she began her education at Bennett College, a historically Black liberal arts college for women, which is located in Greensboro. Marian worked during the summers to pay for her tui-tion. After 2 years, Marian had to leave Bennett when she could no longer af-ford to pay the cost of tuition. Later in life, Marian would return to Bennett College as a member of the board of trustees and actively work to support the growth of the college. After leaving Bennett, Marian Tasco moved to Philadelphia to be with her family and to continue her education at Temple University. Again working to pay her way through school, she at-tended classes at night until her grad-uation. While she maintained a strong inter-est in serving others, she decided that, rather than education, politics and government would be her venue for service. In 1959, Marian began her work for the city of Philadelphia as a clerk typist I in the Philadelphia Police De-partment’s Pawn Brokers Division. As a result of her diligent work, not long thereafter, she was promoted to clerk typist II. In this new role, she was reas-signed to the registrar’s office of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Like many others who have served the public, Marian Tasco’s story in pol-itics began on the frontlines of the community—the community she would later go on to serve. Under the leadership of a distin-guished lawyer, Charles Bowser, Mar-ian served as a task force coordinator for the Greater Philadelphia Urban Af-fairs Coalition. This is an organization that she continues to serve today as a board member. One of Marian’s great-est accomplishments was the creation of a youth-focused summer work pro-gram that still exists today. Her expe-rience at the Urban Affairs Coalition affirmed her interest in public affairs and community outreach and helped increase her understanding of the needs of the African-American community in Philadelphia. As her career progressed and new op-portunities emerged, Marian Tasco re-mained committed to the path of serv-ice. Following her work as an assistant to the former secretary of the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, C. Delores Tucker, Marian brought her passion for service to the office of the late U.S. Congressman William H. Gray III. He also, of course, served as House major-ity whip and chairman of the Budget Committee. She worked as both cam-paign manager and director of con-stituent services for Congressman Gray. Serving with Secretary Tucker and Congressman Gray made Marian Tasco worthy of recognition, but Marian wanted to do more. She decided that with her years of experience in commu-nity activism and public service, she would seek elected office. It was at the urging of Marian’s mentor, former Rep-resentative, City Councilman, and Sec-retary of Public Welfare John White, Jr., that she made the decision to seek elected office. In 1983, Marian became the first Afri-can American elected Philadelphia city commissioner. Instantly, she helped de-velop voter education and registration programs in the city and worked to grow civic education focusing on Phila-delphia’s young people. In 1988, Marian began her first term on the Philadelphia City Council as a representative for the ninth district of the city. For over 27 years, she served in a number of communities, including East Oak Lane, West Oak Lane, Mount Airy, Olney, Logan, Lawncrest, and Ox-ford Circle. She would go on to be re-elected seven times and pioneer initia-tives to improve the quality of life for Philadelphians young and old. Throughout her tenure in office, Councilwoman Tasco’s role continued to grow in responsibility and scope. She eventually rose to serve as Phila-delphia City Council’s majority leader, as well as majority whip. Marian Tasco has served as ward leader for the 50th Ward of Philadel-phia for the last three decades. She was also unanimously elected by the Penn-sylvania Democratic State Committee to represent Pennsylvania on the Democratic National Committee. In this DNC role, Councilwoman Tasco’s reach grew beyond Philadelphia into the national political arena. She helped institute meaningful change in Philadelphia and literally across the Nation. Among other issues, she worked to fight predatory lending, and her work in that area positively impacted the lives of many Philadel-phians. Her commitment to ‘‘protect Americans from unscrupulous dealings of financial institutions’’ spanned both Broad Street and Wall Street and helped inspire some of President Barack Obama’s work. Her advocacy on this issue dates back to the early 1990s, when she worked with community or-ganizations to alert Philadelphia resi-dents about the potential harm of money offered by loan sharks. In 2004, she briefed then-State Senator Obama on the issue during his campaign for the U.S. Senate. In commemoration of her efforts, President Obama invited Councilwoman Tasco to join him for the signing of the historic Dodd-Frank legislation. Marian Tasco’s accomplishments in public office made Philadelphia a bet-ter place to live and work, and the peo-ple of Pennsylvania’s largest city re-membered. Her retirement celebrations had over 1,200 attendees, including elected officials, labor leaders, commu-nity leaders, clergy, and, of course, constituents—the people she served. Councilwoman Tasco is a beloved fig-ure throughout the city of Philadelphia and beyond. She is beloved by her peers and those she represented as a council-woman. Marian’s work in public service was a shining example for others to follow. Philadelphia mayor and former city council member Jim Kenney and former mayor and councilman Michael Nutter have both cited the council-woman as a mentor. In fact, Mayor Kenney even noted that Councilwoman Tasco ‘‘raised him’’ from the age of 32, when he was a new council member. She also has a proven legacy of rec-ognizing and developing young talent on her own team. Two current mem-bers of the Philadelphia City Council, Derrick Green and Cherelle Parker, and the late Judge Brenda Frazier- Clemons all served as members of her staff. Councilwoman Marian Tasco’s life-time of service has been the subject of commendation. She has received a no-table list of awards and honors, includ-ing an honorary doctorate of laws de-gree from Lincoln University. Her years of work to improve the city of Philadelphia resulted in a lifetime ap-pointment to the Board of Directors of City Trusts, the Philadelphia Cultural Fund, and the Pennsylvania Conven-tion Center Authority Board, just to name a few. For her advocacy on behalf of behavioral health programs and work to push local healthcare reforms, the former Lindley Court senior living apartments were renamed in her honor. Marian Tasco has spent the better part of her life working to improve her community, and she has inspired the next generation of public servants. As we celebrate this Black History Month, we honor those who have made a real commitment to serve others. Marian Tasco has always honored that com-mitment. On behalf of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the city of Philadelphia, and all those whose lives have been im-pacted and inspired by her work, it is my privilege on this day to pay tribute to Marian Tasco, a former member and leader of the City Council of Philadel-phia and a devoted public servant who worked her way from clerk typist I to citywide leader with national impact. Well done, Marian. Your adopted city and our Commonwealth are proud of your noble work. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.005 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1206 February 26, 2018 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SCHOOL VIOLENCE  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today marks nearly 2 weeks since the murder of 17 students and staff in Parkland, FL. May today also mark the moment that we resolved to do something about school violence. May it mark the mo-ment that left and right determined to lay aside their differences and work to-gether to prevent future tragedies. To keep our children safe from harm, there is no panacea, no one legislative solution, and it disheartens me when I hear talk about what can’t be done. It is time to focus on what can be done. Fortunately, solutions on the State level—including in my home State of Utah—can help show us the way for-ward. Working in the realm of the pos-sible, Utah State legislators have come together to forge bipartisan solutions to stop school violence. When I was in Salt Lake last week, I learned first-hand about the Safe Utah smartphone app. The Safe Utah crisis text and tip line is a statewide service that provides real-time crisis intervention to use through texting and a confidential tip program. Licensed clinicians from the University Neuropsychiatric Institute at the University of Utah Health re-spond to all incoming chats, texts, and calls 24/7 by providing supporting or crisis counseling, suicide prevention, and referral services. The Safe Utah Program—developed with funding from the Utah State Leg-islature in collaboration with the Uni-versity Neuropsychiatric Institute, the Utah State Office of Education, the Utah Office of the Attorney General, and the Utah Anti-Bullying Coalition— is a testament to what can be done when mental health, education, and law enforcement agencies work to-gether to prevent student violence. Not only is the app innovative, it works. Since the app was unveiled in 2016, 86 planned school attacks have been stopped. Think about that, 86 school attacks stopped in a relatively small State. That number translates to dozens of lives saved and hundreds of heartbreaks spared. For thousands of families across the State, this simple app made a world of difference. Imag-ine the potential if these kinds of tech-nologies were available to students across the country. We could quickly get help for those who need it and, in the process, save countless lives. That is why, later this week, I will introduce the Students, Teachers, and Officers Preventing School Violence Act, or the STOP School Violence Act. My bill makes Department of Justice grants available to States to fund pro-grams designed to reduce school vio-lence. To that end, the STOP School Vio-lence Act will fund four initiatives. First, it will provide grant funding for evidence-based training to prevent stu-dent violence against others and self, including training for local law en-forcement officers, school personnel, and students. This is not just active shooter training but training designed to give students and teachers the knowledge to recognize and properly respond to warning signals or signals to stop school violence before it occurs. Second, the bill will fund evidence- based technology and equipment to im-prove security and prevent school vio-lence. This includes the development and operation of anonymous reporting systems like the Safe Utah app, as well as improvements to school security in-frastructure to deter and respond to threats of school violence, and, when prevention efforts fall short—as they unfortunately will in some cases— locks on classroom doors, reinforced entryways, and other commonsense se-curity infrastructure improvements will help. Third, the bill will provide funding for the development and operation of evidence-based school threat assess-ment and crisis intervention teams, which may include evidence-based training for school officials in respond-ing to mental health crises. Again, school personnel need the tools to as-sess and respond to threats before they materialize, including those threats that originate from individuals strug-gling with mental health issues. Finally, the bill will provide funding for continued coordination with local law enforcement. Law enforcement alone cannot prevent school violence— just as no amount of prevention train-ing, security infrastructure improve-ments, or mental health resources would be able to singularly prevent tragedies like that in Parkland, but law enforcement, and in particular those officers who already staff schools, have an important role to play in any comprehensive solution to pre-vent school violence. Now, some of you may point out something my bill will not address, and that is guns. On this issue, many re-forms have been proposed over the last 12 days—some old and some new. I be-lieve we can find common ground here, too, such as that outlined in the bipar-tisan Fix NICS Act, which ensures that our background check system is oper-ating as designed. A background check is only as good as the records in the database. The FBI’s National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System is currently in-complete because many Federal agen-cies and States have not provided all records that establish someone as pro-hibited from owning a firearm under current law, especially those related to mental health adjudications and invol-untary commitment orders. The bipartisan Fix NICS Act will en-sure more of those records make it into the database by holding Federal agen-cies accountable for uploading relevant records and incentivizing States to upload all relevant information. In-cluding these missing records will help ensure more accurate and complete background checks, thereby keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of felons, fugitives, drug addicts, persons with serious mental illness, and other prohibited persons. I will be the first to admit there is no single, perfect solution—not the STOP School Violence Act and not the Fix NICS Act, but both of these bills can help save lives. Remember the 86 planned school attacks since the Save Utah app was unveiled and remember the 26 lives that might have been spared if the domestic violence offense of the shooter in Sutherland Springs, TX, had been properly entered into the FBI background check database. Now is not the time for argument but for action. Rather than letting the per-fect be the enemy of the good, I im-plore my friends on both sides of the aisle to come together for the safety of our children. Rather than resorting to recycled talking points, I ask my col-leagues to heed Minority Leader S
CHU-
MER’s call to ‘‘pass real legislation that makes a difference.’’ Rather than re-treating to our partisan foxholes, I call on Republicans and Democrats alike to surrender their rhetorical weapons. For the good of the Nation, and the good of our children, all of us must look be-yond the horizon of our political dif-ferences to find common ground. Is this legislation enough to solve the problem of school violence? No. Quite frankly, it is not enough, but it is a start, and it is a start upon which we can all agree. We will not solve the problem of school violence overnight, but with incremental efforts—such as the legislation I have proposed—we can make a lasting difference and even save thousands of lives. So let’s not delay any further. We owe it to our children, and to all of those affected by gun violence, to take decisive action in those areas where we do agree. This is important stuff. We can’t just throw in the sponge and act like we have this problem solved when we still have work to do. So I hope we will take heed to what I have just sug-gested—I think it can be very helpful to us—and we follow the suggestions I have made here today. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PARKLAND , FLORIDA , SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, it is with a heavy heart that I bring a re-port to the Senate from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, a suburb of Ft. Lauder-dale. The teachers and staff of the school returned to work today, which is less than 2 weeks after a former stu-dent walked on to the campus with an AR–15 and opened fire on all three floors of a classroom building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.009 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1207 February 26, 2018 
I have spent time the past couple of weeks in Parkland, visiting with some of the families. Those of us who are parents can only imagine the grief and anger that they are feeling, just like the grief and anger after every one of these massacres. I have also spent time meeting with some of the courageous students who have turned this tragedy into a call for action. As I have sug-gested to them, their hope gives me hope. Their determination gives me all the more determination. These stu-dents have told us over and over that they don’t plan to stop until Congress and the State legislators around the country start enacting commonsense gun reform. They have said that they are not going to stop, and neither am I. What happened at that high school shouldn’t happen anywhere in this country. It shouldn’t have happened in Columbine. It shouldn’t have happened in Newtown. It shouldn’t have hap-pened in Orlando. It shouldn’t have happened at the Ft. Lauderdale airport or Parkland. It shouldn’t happen, pe-riod. Now it is up to us to make sure that it never happens again. This Senator grew up on a ranch. I have always had guns. I have hunted all my life. I still hunt with my son. An AR–15 or a SIG Sauer MCX, the gun that was used at the Pulse nightclub, is not for hunting; they are for killing. Yet, despite these horrific events, these devastating tragedies are occurring throughout our country over and over, and Congress refuses to act. Why is it that we can’t enact the most common-sense measures to protect the people we represent? We need a comprehensive background check on the purchase of a weapon, a commonsense background check that would not only include if there is a criminal record or if someone has been adjudicated mentally incompetent but all the other myriad reasons, all the other things surrounding mental health. Was the shooter on the ter-rorist watch list? Had Omar Mateen, the shooter, been on the terrorist watch list, he would have been caught. He was the shooter in Orlando. We need to get assault rifles off the streets. Protecting our fellow citizens should be a top priority. If making it more dif-ficult for someone to walk into a store and purchase a weapon of war will do that, why can’t we get that done? Why? I will tell you why. Because there are folks who are more concerned about an A-plus rating from the NRA than they are about providing those common-sense solutions to the problems. I want to read something that ap-peared in a national magazine, re-printed in the paper that is published in Broward County, where the shooting occurred. It is from a radiologist who is in the trauma center at Broward Health, which is a hospital chain orga-nization in the area of Broward Coun-ty. Her name is Dr. Heather Sher. She was working the day of the school shooting, and she went to work in the trauma center on some of the victims. She has treated countless gunshot wounds in trauma centers throughout her career, but this one was the second time that she had treated someone shot by an assault rifle like the AR–15. Here is what Dr. Sher had to say: 
Routine handgun injuries leave entry and exit wounds and linear tracks through the victim’s body that are roughly the size of the bullet. If the bullet [from a handgun] does not directly hit something crucial like the heart or the aorta . . . chances are, we can save the victim. The bullets fired by an AR– 15 are different. 
She continues: 
With an AR–15, the shooter does not have to be particularly accurate. The victim does not have to be unlucky. If a victim takes a direct hit to the liver from an AR–15, the damage is far graver than that of a handgun bullet injury. Handgun injuries to the liver are generally survivable unless the bullet hits the main blood supply to the liver. An AR–15 bullet to the middle of the liver would cause so much bleeding and tissue loss that the patient would likely never make it to a trauma center to receive our care. 
She continues: 
As a doctor, I feel I have a duty to inform the public of what I have learned as I have observed these wounds and cared for these patients. It’s clear to me that AR–15 or other high-velocity weapons, especially when out-fitted with a high-capacity magazine, have no place in a civilian’s gun cabinet. . . . Ban-ning the AR–15 should not be a partisan issue. 
The senseless shootings are not going to stop until we change ourselves as a culture. I believe, with these students who have been so strong in their state-ments, so determined to make a change, that time might be now. It didn’t happen after Sandy Hook Ele-mentary. Nothing happened. It didn’t happen after the myriad of others. It didn’t happen just 2 years ago after the Orlando nightclub shooting. Again, it did not happen after the Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting. Is it different now? It certainly is time for us to come together and enact commonsense gun measures to keep our communities safe. It is time for us to come together—not as Republicans or Democrats but as human beings— and to say that this time it is going to be different. You hear so many different things. You hear about mental health, and that is certainly a part of it. You hear about school protection, and that is certainly a part of it. You hear about the miscues not only in the FBI, and that is certainly a part of it, but the miscues in the Florida Department of Children and Families a year prior that had noted that this shooter—all of those things ought to be a part of the solution. If you get right down to it, we ought to come together, not as Repub-licans or Democrats but as human beings, and say that if we want to solve the problem, the solution is common-sense background checks in order to purchase a weapon and getting assault rifles off the streets. Let’s do this. Let’s use this tragedy as the catalyst to enact real change in our society—changes that are going to have a real impact. Let’s make what happened at Marjory Stoneman Doug-las High School a significant moment in this country’s history, not because it was one of the largest mass shoot-ings but because it was the last. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish to ask that before the remarks that I plan to make now are made and memo-rialized by the reporter, I be able to say to my friend from Florida, on be-half of the people of Georgia, who stopped me in the halls and corridors, at the grocery stores, the churches— everywhere we went—what happened in Florida was an attack everywhere in America, not just in Florida. The trag-edy of school shootings has magnified itself, so much so that every one of us feels it more than anybody realizes. I want to share with you the prayers, the hopes, and concern of the people of Georgia. It is a pleasure to work to-gether with you and the other Members of the Senate so that we can find com-mon ground as we move forward to ad-dress this situation. Having just been home, and being with the citizens I rep-resent, I can say that the first and fore-most item on the minds of every cit-izen of Georgia is the tragedy that took place in Florida. Our hearts and prayers go out to you and all the fami-lies and all those who survived the ter-rible tragedy. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I say to my friend from Georgia: Hallelujah that you have expressed that heartfelt concern and that your constituents in the State of Georgia have been very emotionally touched by this whole in-cident, this terrible incident that we have gone through again in this coun-try. I am grateful for the comments of the Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the Senator from Florida. Mr. President, I rise today with a great sense of pride and honor to com-mend to my fellow Senators Elizabeth ‘‘Lisa’’ Branch, who has been nomi-nated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit of the United States of America by President Trump. There are significant reasons why I am so excited to do this. I am going to save the most significant for last. One of the things I am so proud of in our constitutional responsibility of advice and consent for the appointments of the administration is that, every time, we appoint someone who is the right person at the right time and the right place, and Lisa is certainly that for the court of appeals and for the bench of the United States of America and the Eleventh Circuit. Lisa was a partner in the commercial litigation practice of Smith, Gambrell & Russell, a limited liability partner-ship in Atlanta, where she began her legal career in 1996. She moved on to work in the George W. Bush adminis-tration from 2004 to 2008 as the Coun-selor to the Administrator of the Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.010 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1208 February 26, 2018 
of Information and Regulatory Affairs at the U.S. Office of Management and Budget and, for 1 year, as the Associate General Counsel for Rules and Legisla-tion at the U.S. Department of Home-land Security. She served for 2 years as a law clerk to Judge J. Owen Forrester of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. She re-ceived her BA degree from Davidson College in North Carolina—an out-standing institution—and her law de-gree from Emory University, which is one of the most renowned law schools in the United States of America. She is a great lady and a great law-yer. She was named to the Court of Ap-peals in Georgia by Gov. Nathan Deal, the current Governor of the State, and will serve us in the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals with honor and privi-lege in the United States of America. Most importantly, on a personal note, as I make these remarks, I am sure my father, Ed Isakson, and his best friend, Harold Russell, who is the Russell of Smith, Gambrell & Russell, are looking down from Heaven on this occasion today and recognizing it for the following reason: When Lisa went with Smith, Gambrell & Russell, she went to work with a firm that represented my father and his company—a firm that rep-resented me. She is not unknown to me as a person, as a lawyer, as a litigator. She is a great individual in our State and has provided a great service to our State. She will be a great judge for the United States of America. She also worked with Harold Russell, who was my dad’s best friend, and Harold rep-resented my father for years in busi-ness. I know today, in Heaven, they are looking down during this special occa-sion of an outstanding Georgia jurist who is renowned in our State and is about to be confirmed by the U.S. Sen-ate to be on the Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. I commend to my colleagues in the Senate Elizabeth ‘‘Lisa’’ Branch to be confirmed, and I urge their favorable votes to see to it that takes place. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I yield back all time on our side and ask unan-imous consent that the cloture motion be voted on. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Elev-enth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, Tim Scott, Todd Young, Richard C. Shelby, John Boozman, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Jerry Moran, Tom Cot-ton, Chuck Grassley, David Perdue, John Cornyn, John Thune. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-ator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 72, nays 22, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 37 Ex.] YEAS—72 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—22 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cortez Masto Duckworth Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Stabenow Udall Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Corker Heller Jones McCain Rounds Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 72, the nays are 22. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from North Dakota. CONGRATULATING THE U .S. WOMEN ’S HOCKEY  
TEAM  
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the U.S. women’s hock-ey team for their outstanding victories in the 2018 Winter Olympics. All told, the team won four games, including two 5-to-0 wins over Finland and Rus-sia, and finished as champions after a 3-to-2 victory over Team Canada. Their achievement stands as a powerful ex-ample of hard work, perseverance, and collaboration. North Dakota is proud to be rep-resented among the talented members of this team by two athletes, the Lamoureux twins, Jocelyne and Monique. These sisters are natives of Grand Forks, ND, and alumni of the University of North Dakota, where they played three seasons of NCAA women’s hockey. This was their third trip to the Olympics with Team USA, having won silver medals in 2010 and 2014 and, of course, now the gold in 2018. They have a tremendous collegiate record and a tremendous Olympic record now, as well. Across their Olympic careers, they have scored 13 goals and provided 17 assists, for a total of 30 points. They displayed tremendous skill, tremen-dous work ethic, and a tremendous team spirit as leaders of a great wom-en’s Olympic hockey team. Jocelyne holds an Olympic record now, as well, having scored two goals in less than 6 seconds in the match against Finland. However, it was in the final game where the Lamoureux twins really shined. It was a close game throughout. While Team USA started out with the lead, Team Canada came back in the second period with a 2-to- 1 lead. Remember, Canada had won gold in the last two Olympics. It was Monique who brought the game to a tie in the final period, and then Jocelyne scored the game-winning goal in the shootout. How great is that? It was un-believable and exciting. It was such a great representation of sportsmanship for our Nation, coming back after twice seeing Canada take the gold, end-ing up with silver, and now coming back and winning the gold. This ended Canada’s four-time gold-winning streak in women’s hockey. Obviously, it was a joyous occasion—certainly for my State of North Dakota but also for our whole country. It is uplifting and posi-tive—all the things you want the Olympics to be. As they arrive home from South Korea, we congratulate Team USA for their historic victory and thank them for representing our Nation with their incredible dedication, tireless effort, and tremendous sportsmanship. I yielded floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
HONORING OFFICERS ERIC JOERING AND  
ANTHONY MORELLI  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this month, Ohio laid to rest two remark-able public servants, Westerville Police 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.011 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1209 February 26, 2018 
Officers Eric Joering and Anthony Mo-relli. Together, these men dedicated decades of their lives to the police force, giving the ultimate sacrifice to keep their fellow Ohioans safe. Officer Joering and Officer Morelli were doing their jobs, responding to a desperate 9–1-1 call when they were tragically shot and killed earlier this month. In the days since their passing, we have heard stories of their incred-ible service to their community, their fellow officers, and their families. Both men were married with chil-dren. Officer Joering was 39 and had three young daughters. His pastor, Reverend Hammond, spoke to the local news about Officer Joering’s dedication to his family. He said that Officer Joering would do anything for his daughters. He let them style his hair. He let them paint his nails. Reverend Hammond quipped: ‘‘I heard he drew the line at makeup.’’ Officer Morelli was a 30-year veteran of the Westerville police force. Westerville is a Columbus suburb. He had two children. His daughter is get-ting married this summer. His col-leagues remembered his infectious smile and his passion for life. Westerville Police Chaplain James Meacham said Officer Morelli ‘‘went to heaven and partied.’’ These two heroes were laid to rest 10 days ago with services at St. Paul Catholic Church in Westerville, draw-ing thousands of Ohioans and fellow of-ficers to pay their respects. Thousands of people waited in line in the cold and rain to enter the church. Officers from around the country came to honor these men, as they so often do. The church parking lot filled with patrol cars from Illinois, Texas, West Vir-ginia, Michigan, and so many other States. They had to use a TV at a gym next door as an overflow room to ac-commodate everyone. After the serv-ices, a long procession of police vehi-cles wound its way through Westerville. Ohioans lined the streets, waving American flags and wearing blue ribbons pinned to their raincoats. The tribute to these officers won’t end with that memorial service. In times of tragedy, Ohioans always rise to the occasion. A donation page for the families set up by the local Fra-ternal Order of Police has raised more than half a million dollars. The city of Westerville will honor Officers Morelli and Joering with a permanent memo-rial in First Responders Park. The Westerville City Council voted unani-mously to retire Officer Joering’s K–9 partner, Officer Sam, and send him home with Officer Joering’s family. They were there last week to take Sam home. One of Joering’s daughters wore Sam’s badge around her neck. Otterbein University, the local 4-year, private, distinguished university very nearby, will offer full-tuition scholar-ships to each of the three Joering girls. While none of these gestures can ever repay them or their loved ones for their service and sacrifice, today we honor these heroes’ memories and lift up the entire Westerville community and all those who knew them. The best way for the public to honor these public servants is by supporting all Ohio officers and working to give law enforcement the resources they need to do their jobs. From the bipar-tisan legislation we passed last year to speed up claims processing for the fam-ilies of fallen officers, to getting local police officers the resources they need to protect themselves as they fight the opioid epidemic, we must do all we can to support these women and men who sacrifice so much. Let’s honor the memory of Officer Joering and Officer Morelli by recom-mitting ourselves to protecting and supporting their fellow officers and the families who sacrifice alongside them. 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU  
Mr. President, this month, the toy company Hasbro announced that it is introducing a new version of the board game Monopoly. In this version—imag-ine this—players get rewarded, not punished, for cheating. It is Wall Street 2018. It might be fun to be the banker in this new, rigged version of Monopoly when you are playing with game pieces and pretend money, but it is not so fun when you are a Wells Fargo employee. It is not so fun if you have been victim-ized by Equifax. It is not so fun if you are one of the millions of people who have had to go through the process to get restitution from their banks. Fami-lies get ripped off by shady payday lenders and by big banks. Families lose real money, not Monopoly money. When you think about getting away with cheating and even rewarding cheaters, pretty soon, you might not have to use much imagination at all. There have always been shady corpora-tions trying to get away with ripping off consumers. The difference is that now they have an ally in charge of the watchdog that is supposed to be polic-ing them. It is called the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau—a bureau that has done yeomen’s work to pro-tect consumers, to get restitution for consumers when they have been cheat-ed by Wall Street, when they have been cheated by a payday lender, and when they have been cheated by some shady financial service operator. In his short time heading the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, Mick Mulvaney has done the opposite of what we used to see and the opposite of what we should expect of the person whose job it is to look out for con-sumers. It is called the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, not the ‘‘let’s protect Wall Street in one more way’’ bureau. This month, NPR reported that in a new memo, Mulvaney laid out a ‘‘re-vised mission and vision of the con-sumer bureau.’’ What is that vision? That vision is to dismantle it and stop all the work it does to hold banks ac-countable. These are NPR’s words: He is ‘‘making radical changes to deter the agency from aggressively pursuing its mission’’—a mission designed to protect hard-working people from banks and payday lenders who look to cheat them. In his memo, Mulvaney actually said that the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau should be ‘‘acting with hu-mility and moderation.’’ He is saying that the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau should be acting with hu-mility and moderation, but does he ever admonish Wall Street to act with humility and moderation? It would be laughable because of the way Wall Street so often acts. We shouldn’t want moderation when it comes to going after big banks and corporations who are cheating consumers. We should want aggressive actions. Those two words, ‘‘humility’’ and ‘‘moderation,’’ are not the first two that come to mind when you think of the administration. To the surprise of many, the White House now looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives. When you talk about humility and moderation with regard to this admin-istration, when translated in this con-text, it seems as though they mean to go easy on the fraudsters who are rip-ping off the American people. This is the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau. This isn’t a Wall Street regulator who is captured by Wall Street, where you see people from Citibank and other big Wall Street en-tities—the $1 trillion, $2 trillion, $2 trillion-plus banks—going in and out of the revolving door, working for the regulators, and working for the banks. This is the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau. Its job was created 8 or 9 years ago to fight just as hard for American families as Wall Street lob-byists fight for their big banks. Believe me, these lobbyists don’t exactly act with humility and moderation. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau can’t afford to. Since it was created, this consumer bureau has returned $12 billion—that is $12,000 million—to 29 million Ameri-cans who were cheated by banks and who were cheated by payday lenders, and moderating that now is literally taking money out of the pockets of working families. Because the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau has been so effective, the administration has now put the fox in charge of the chicken coop—the chicken house. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which helped 29 million Ameri-cans return $12 billion because the banks were cheating them, is now run by Mick Mulvaney, who clearly doesn’t even think the Bureau should exist. Nothing in this memo that he wrote should surprise anyone who has watched Mr. Mulvaney over the past few months or, frankly, his career. Al-though he has been running the CFPB on a part-time basis, he is supposed to be overseeing the Federal budget, so I am a little curious that the full-time Budget Director—my friend from my State of Ohio, Senator P
ORTMAN , used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.014 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1210 February 26, 2018 
to run that, so he knows it is a full- time job. The administration scooped up Mr. Mulvaney and said: Well, you keep doing that, but you are going to run the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Mr. Mulvaney had no real interest, apparently, in running the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, but he has managed to do a lot on behalf of Wall Street cheaters. His first action was to freeze payments from the Civil Penalty Fund to families who were scammed by big banks and other finan-cial institutions. Think about that. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has levied these actions against people who cheated consumers. Mulvaney walks in the door on the first day, assembles a staff, and says: Freeze those payments. We are not going to pay them. These were actions taken by people who were looking out for consumers. They were actions they took to penalize these banks and to get restitution from these financial insti-tutions that had cheated the public. So on his first week on the job, on his first day, he took back the hard-earned money of Americans who had been ripped off. He followed that by delaying a rule that protects consumers from predatory payday lenders, dismissing a lawsuit against those shady loan sharks. Senator J
ACKREEDwas out in Ohio the other day. Senator R
EEDand I sit on the Banking Committee. He is a West Point graduate. He is the senior Democrat on the Armed Services Com-mittee. He talked about what happens at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base right outside of Dayton, where the pay-day lenders prey on these men and women who are young and perhaps not as experienced as some in having the financial sophistication to deal with some of these loan sharks, and he knows that payday lenders and others prey on these generally low-paid and underpaid men and women who have sacrificed for their country. Sometimes they initiate foreclosures on the homes of people who are overseas serving our country. But the new Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau doesn’t seem all that interested in any of this. After delaying the rule that protects consumers from predatory payday lenders, after dismissing a lawsuit against these shady loan sharks—we are talking about lenders who have been accused of deceiving customers, sometimes with payday lenders charg-ing 9 percent interest and trying to col-lect debts people don’t even owe. Those people should be protected. You don’t protect Wall Street; you protect people who have been defrauded by Wall Street. It is not that complicated, but appar-ently at the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, it is now. Most payday lenders are getting an even better re-turn on their campaign donations than they are on their predatory loans. Mulvaney has put on ice another case that has been pending against Wells Fargo, this time for wrongly charging borrowers fees when they took out a mortgage. At his day job running another Fed-eral agency, Mulvaney proposed a budget earlier this month that would defund the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau entirely for a year—defund it—basically saying: We are spending no more money on this Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau. Philosophically, he just doesn’t like the idea of somebody standing up for customers, standing up for consumers, standing up against Wall Street, stand-ing up against the payday lenders, and standing up against the loan sharks that he seems to be in alliance with. We shouldn’t be surprised by any of this. Mr. Mulvaney, the person heading the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau now, is a man who doesn’t even think the Bureau should exist. He said some time ago that the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau is ‘‘a sick, sad joke.’’ He sponsored legislation to repeal it. How do you explain to 29 million Americans who have gotten $12 billion in restitution because they were cheat-ed that this is a sad, sick joke and it shouldn’t exist? It is no joke to the servicemembers who rely on the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau to fight for them against bank abuse. It is no joke to the 31⁄2million—31⁄2mil-lion—victims of Wells Fargo’s fake ac-count scam or the 145 million Ameri-cans, with 5 million in my State alone—145 million Americans, that is pretty much half the adult population in our country—who had their data breached by Equifax. The Equifax ex-ecutives had little contrition and didn’t apologize much, and they are skating free. What is Mick Mulvaney doing to help roughly half of the adult population in this country who were the victims of the Equifax breach to make sure it doesn’t happen again? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was investigating this massive breach, but Mulvaney ordered them to close the investigation. This is mal-practice or worse. We are talking about a data breach that exposed birthdays, Social Security numbers, and address-es. People’s identities could be stolen and their credit scores ruined. Did Mr. Mulvaney care? Apparently not. He was on the side of Equifax when he wasn’t on the side of Wall Street, when he wasn’t on the side of payday lend-ers, when he wasn’t on the side of scam artists—and maybe he is on the side of all of them. But apparently he thinks it is more important to protect the cor-porations that let it happen than it is to protect the American people he is supposed to serve. I guess we shouldn’t be surprised. Once again, Mick Mulvaney and this administration are making it clear whose side they are on. Over and over, they side with Wall Street. They side with the largest corporations. They side with companies that shut down production in Gallopolis, Mansfield, and Zanesville and move their compa-nies overseas. They side with them in-stead of with hard-working Americans who are struggling. We see it at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with Mulvaney’s determination to pro-tect corporate special interests. We see it with other bank watchdogs who are putting Americans at risk of another financial crisis just to help Wall Street pad their pockets. Mr. President, as you know, Amer-ica’s financial system has had a really, really, really good couple of years, even though we bailed them out. Ten years ago, this Congress bailed out these huge banks—$1 trillion, $2 tril-lion banks. We bailed them out. Congress passed a tax bill in which 81 percent of the benefits go to the richest 1 percent of people in this country. It is believed that the financial services in-dustry did better under that tax bill than anyone else in the country—any other industry. Now we see Mick Mulvaney and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau doing even more for the banks by representing them in-stead of representing workers and con-sumers. As I said, it is increasingly clear whose side the administration is on. We have seen it with the rollback of rules that protect Americans from the fine print in contracts, the fine print that few of us read and even fewer of us could understand. When we sign up for a credit card, when we sign up for a car loan, when we get a job and we sign a contract with our employer, these fine print, forced administration clauses— you know what they did? They denied customers and employees who were cheated their day in court. So when you sign up for a credit card and you sign a bank document and then you want to sue because they did some-thing to you that you thought was against the law, you are out of luck. You have lost your right because you signed that document. We see it right here in the Senate with bills to dismantle Wall Street re-form, to make it easier for big banks to take big risks that could wreck the economy all over again. At the 10-year anniversary of the big-gest financial crisis since the Great De-pression, there is already a collective amnesia that has settled over this town. The Republican leaders in Con-gress, people down the hall in the office of the majority leader, Senator M
CCON-
NELL —over and over, they side with Wall Street instead of with workers. Ten years ago we saw what Wall Street and the financial services indus-try, particularly Wall Street, did to our country. My wife and I live in Cleveland, OH. Our ZIP Code is 44105. Our ZIP Code 10 or 11 years ago had more foreclosures in the first half of that year than any other ZIP Code in the United States of America. I still see the blight because of the Wall Street abuse in the loss of retirement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.015 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1211 February 26, 2018 
savings, the lost jobs, the closed fac-tories, and the foreclosed homes. I see all of that in my neighborhood. I see all of that throughout my State. We all see it in all 50 States. Yet there is this collective amnesia in this body, as if none of that ever happened to this country. This administration and Re-publican leaders, again and again and again, side with Wall Street over work-ers, side with Wall Street over cus-tomers. The lessons of a decade ago are clear. You don’t grow the middle class by let-ting big banks take massive risks or by letting shady lenders prey on hard- working Americans. That is why we passed Wall Street reform, and that is why we created the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau—to hold big banks and other bad actors account-able when they cheat, to deter them from bad and risky behavior in the first place. We need a new permanent Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau who will protect the consumers instead of handing big corporations a ‘‘get out of jail free’’ card. A cheater’s version of Monopoly might sound like fun on game night, but we have already seen what it looks like in real life. Powerful special interests on Wall Street win big every single time, and everybody else loses. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the impact that tax reform is having in my home State of Arkan-sas. Despite what you may have heard from those who opposed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, including House Minor-ity Leader P
ELOSI ’s infamous descrip-tion of the tax plan’s benefits as ‘‘crumbs’’ and the passage of the plan as ‘‘the end of the world, Armaged-don,’’ the economy is responding in-credibly well to the changes we made to the Tax Code. I have long believed our economy has struggled under the weight of an out-dated, inefficient, and ineffective tax system. Now, businesses are beginning to do the math and are realizing that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will mean more savings. As a result, many have announced they are passing some of these savings on to their employees or will now be seeking to grow and expand operations. As of today, more than 350 companies have announced pay raises, bonuses and/or 401(k) increases, benefiting over 4 million Americans. According to a re-cent National Federation of Inde-pendent Business survey, 32 percent of small businesses believe now is a good time to expand—the highest level ever recorded by this survey. This is happening across the country and in Arkansas. Here are just a few examples of the companies headquartered in Arkansas, with a siz-able presence in the State, that are passing along savings to their employ-ees through wage increases, bonuses, and other benefits, are giving to char-ity, and/or making investments to grow their businesses and better serve customers: BancorpSouth Bank is giving pay in-creases and/or one-time bonuses to nearly all noncommissioned employ-ees. The investment of over $10 million in 2018 will benefit 96 percent of the company’s noncommissioned work-force. Pay increases were effective as of January 1, 2018. Home Bancshares, Inc., of Conway, AR, is distributing a one-time bonus of $500 to more than 850 full-time, tenured employees. Home Bancshares’ chair-man, John Allison, said ‘‘investing in these individuals is an important step to help support them, their families and the communities in which we oper-ate.’’ People’s Bank of Magnolia, AR, pro-vided a $500 bonus to employees and contributed $50,000 to its charitable en-dowment. Little Rock, Arkansas-based Bank of the Ozarks is giving up to $1,200 annual bonuses. Approximately 2,300 employ-ees will be eligible under the plan. Walmart, whose headquarters is lo-cated in Bentonville, AR, is a signifi-cant economic force not only in our State but nationwide, is increasing starting hourly wage rates in the United States to $11 an hour, expanding maternity and parental leave benefits, and providing one-time cash bonuses of up to $1,000. It also has created a new benefit to assist associates with adop-tion expenses. Regions Bank is increasing its min-imum wage to $15, contributing $40 million to the company’s charitable foundation, and increasing the com-pany’s capital expenditures budget by approximately $100 million, or 50 per-cent over the 2017 level. Springdale, AR, is home to Tyson Foods’ headquarters. The company re-cently announced that it is giving bo-nuses to more than 100,000 employees whose compensation does not include an annual bonus. Eligible full-time team members will receive a bonus of $1,000, and eligible part-time team members will receive $500. In addition, Tyson will use savings resulting from tax reform to improve training and education opportunities for employees, including teaching English as a second language and gen-eral education development classes, and it will also be accelerating capital projects. FedEx, whose freight headquarters is located in Arkansas and which employs over 3,500 Arkansans, is investing more than $3.2 billion in growing its busi-ness, including raising wages and in-vesting $1.5 billion in pension plans. Finally, UPS is investing $12 billion to expand the company’s Smart Logis-tics Network, and it also made a $5 bil-lion tax-qualified contribution to the company’s three UPS-sponsored U.S. pension plans. This represents about $13,000 per participant. The company has more than 2,200 active employees in Arkansas in addition to around 390 retirees who reside in the State. The numbers speak for themselves. Clearly, when Washington helps to cre-ate an environment that makes busi-nesses more globally competitive, it benefits Arkansas, and it benefits the entire country. The law is already helping hard- working Arkansans keep more of their money in their own pockets. By nearly doubling the standard deduction, low-ering rates, eliminating loopholes, and creating a climate that incentivizes business to boost wages and give em-ployees bonuses as a result of the re-duction in the corporate tax rate, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is providing much needed tax relief to Arkansans. Additionally, our Governor, Asa Hutchinson, has instructed the Arkan-sas Public Service Commission to ex-amine how the new lower tax rates will benefit utility providers in Arkansas. He is encouraging the commission to instruct utilities to pass savings down to ratepayers, which could mean pos-sible lower utility rates for those in the Natural State. That is not all. Arkansas-based com-panies like ArcBest and Murphy USA are already reaping the benefits of the new tax system with higher revenues and incomes. This is only the beginning. I believe we will continue to see positive trends and reactions to the tax law that will help grow our economy and spur even more investment in Arkansas and across the country. One provision included in the law that I believe can have an enormous impact on average Arkansans is a new incentive for employers to offer paid family leave benefits to their employ-ees. Now employers can offer 12 weeks of paid family leave in exchange for a tax credit. My friend and colleague from Ne-braska Senator F
ISCHER fought to get this idea included in the bill. Thanks to her vision and perseverance, fami-lies in Arkansas and across the country who most need access to this type of benefit will now have that chance. This is just one more example of tax reform delivering results that will help the middle class. I want to reiterate how well tax re-form is working for my State. We are seeing growth, higher wages, and other positive benefits. Employees are get-ting bigger paychecks and businesses are investing in their workforces and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.016 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1212 February 26, 2018 
expanding their operations. Those are not ‘‘crumbs.’’ It is ‘‘not Armageddon.’’ It isn’t an attack on working Ameri-cans. It is opportunity, it is upward mobility, and it is what Americans de-serve. I am proud to have cast my vote for tax reform. Learning about how it is helping our economy and benefiting American fam-ilies just confirms what we predicted would happen if we made American businesses more competitive and let average individuals and families keep more of what they earn. Moving forward, I am committed to ensuring that the changes we made to the Tax Code help increase economic activity and spur growth, address our national debt, and create jobs. I am confident it will have lasting, positive effects on our economy. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KENTUCKY FLOODING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, over the last week, heavy rains and strong winds caused widespread de-struction-across Kentucky. Sustained rainfall has led to devastating flooding in many communities, especially along the Ohio River. The high waters have closed dozens of roads, and some areas are reporting dangerous mudslides. The extent of this flooding hasn’t been seen in my State since the 1997 flood. In addition, the National Weather Service has confirmed that three tor-nadoes touched down in western Ken-tucky. The entire Commonwealth is under a state of emergency because of the damage caused by this severe weather. I was saddened to hear reports this morning that these destructive storms have claimed the lives of three Ken-tuckians. Many are still struggling to stay safe. As they always do, Kentucky’s emer-gency personnel responded quickly and professionally to the storms and the aftermath. Rescuing many individuals from their homes or their cars, these dedicated men and women continue to do everything they can to protect Ken-tuckians in need. They have our sin-cere gratitude. Although the sky has cleared, there is more rain in the forecast for this week. My staff in the State and I will con-tinue to monitor this situation as it develops throughout Kentucky. HONORING COMMANDER PAUL BAUER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise with a heavy heart to pay tribute to Chicago Police Commander Paul Bauer, who gave his life to protect the city he loved. We use the word ‘‘hero’’ far too often, but in this case, that word is fitting. Commander Paul Bauer is a true American hero, and his loss is a tragedy. On February 13, Commander Bauer was at an ‘‘active shooter’’ training session in downtown Chicago, but he didn’t hesitate to help out his fellow officers when they were pursuing a fleeing suspect. Commander Bauer was shot several times by the suspect and died from his wounds. Commander Bauer’s story is a reminder to us all that our heroes serving in blue risk their lives every day, and even routine calls can turn into tragedy in an in-stant. A 31-year veteran of the Chicago Po-lice Department and the commander of the 18th Police District in the Near North Side, Paul Bauer was a pillar of that community. Last year, he was commended by the city council for a charity holiday party he helped host for underprivileged kids. Police Super-intendent Eddie Johnson said it best: ‘‘This department didn’t just lose an exemplary police officer. The City lost a piece of itself.’’ Last week, when the charges were announced against the alleged shooter, an impromptu memorial developed out-side the Thompson Center. People brought flowers, left crosses, and dis-played signs reading, ‘‘RIP CDR Bauer.’’ One woman on her lunch break even left a plush stuffed dog that she hoped would make it in to the arms of Paul’s teenage daughter. It was a tre-mendous show of love, respect, and gratitude. A few years ago, I gave a commence-ment address and asked the students to think about what they wanted people to say about their lives. I asked them, ‘‘What will you be remembered for? What service did you render to your community? Your nation? You world?’’ The great thing about living in Amer-ica is we can choose the answers to those questions. Commander Bauer will be remembered for is his service to his community. He gave what Lincoln called, ‘‘the last full measure of devo-tion’’ and did so for the people and city he loved and served, but he will be re-membered for so much more. A friend described Paul as ‘‘every bit the good guy he’s being made out to be,’’ but also added: ‘‘You can’t capture his goodness.’’ What a beautiful legacy. For all Paul Bauer’s professional ac-complishments, the highlights of his life were his family. Paul met his wife, Erin, met at a fundraiser for a Chicago police officer who was also killed in the line of duty. The Friday following Paul’s death, February 16, would have been the couple’s 16th anniversary. To-gether, Paul and Erin raised a bright and wonderful 13-year-old daughter Grace. Paul’s family will carry on his legacy of love and his devotion to serv-ice and community. Commander Bauer was the quin-tessential officer, a role model in his department and his bravery inspires the rest of us, especially his friends and family. After his memorial service Commander Bauer’s wife, Erin, sent a touching message to all who paid trib-ute to her husband. She wrote: ‘‘One man almost stole my faith in human-ity, but the City of Chicago and the rest of the nation restored it, and I want to thank you for that.’’ We are all humbled by her strength, and our thoughts and prayers are with Erin, Grace and all who loved and knew Paul. Commander Paul Bauer was one of our best. f 
REMEMBERING MAURY DUANE GEIGER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Feb-ruary 18, 2018, New Hampshire lost one of its finest lawyers and humani-tarians, Maurice Duane Geiger. He was 83 years old. Some might ask why, as a Senator from Vermont, I would call the Sen-ate’s attention to a resident of our neighbor to the east. In fact, Maury Geiger not only had close ties to Vermont where, in 1982, he cofounded the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier, he was in every respect a global cit-izen. Over his long career, he worked to improve access to justice in Haiti, Ban-gladesh, Rwanda, and several other countries. I met Maury Geiger years ago and will never forget going with him, my wife, Marcelle, and my staff member Tim Rieser to visit the national peni-tentiary in Port au Prince, Haiti. A more squalid example of a corrections facility would be hard to imagine. It was overflowing with thousands of im-poverished men of all ages, sweltering in the heat and humidity, crammed into cement rooms with nothing to sleep on but the floor, with little food and vulnerable to AIDS, tuberculosis, and other dangerous diseases, and the vast majority had never been formally charged with any crime. Some had lan-guished there for 2 or more years, far longer than any sentence they would have received if tried and convicted. Almost none had lawyers. After first laying eyes on that unfor-gettable scene of inhumane neglect, Maury returned to Haiti year after year, determined to do whatever he could to help improve the lives and protect the rights of those caught up in Haiti’s corrupt, dysfunctional justice system. It was that same passion for justice that took him to the courts and jails of rural America and to distant places like Addis Abba and Tbilisi. As his obituary describes, Maury was born into poverty, and that experience, and his mother’s guidance, shaped his character. He served as a naval aviator and then at the Department of Justice. He was as patriotic and as fierce a de-fender of the Constitution and Bill of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.018 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1213 February 26, 2018 
Rights as anyone I have known. He be-came one of our country’s first experts in court administration, and he worked throughout his life to teach others about the fundamentals of a modern justice system. Maury loved his work, and he cared passionately about fairness. He devoted his life to fighting for justice at every opportunity. Knowing what it means to be poor, Maury did not hold himself above anyone. He was not the least bit impressed by wealth or titles. He loathed the self-importance of so many government officials and the abuse of power, especially when it was at the expense of those without power, which is so common in places like Haiti where inequality is glaring and the rule of law barely exists. He was known for his irreverence, just as he was for his wonderful, dry sense of humor. Over the years, I have met countless accomplished people, many of them of the highest integrity. Maury Geiger could match any of them. He was as ethical, selfless, compassionate, and determined a champion of the less for-tunate as anyone I have known. My thoughts are with Nancy, his wife of 58 years, and their four sons, Robert, Kevin, Tom, and Steven. I know they are all proud of the principled example Maury set for all of us. I ask unanimous consent that the February 20 obituary of Maurice Duane Geiger in the Conway Daily Sun be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Conway Daily Sun, February 20, 2018] Maurice Duane Geiger, 83, died Feb. 18, 2018, following a long struggle with Parkinsonism, at his home in Center Conway, surrounded by family at his bedside. He dedicated his life to justice. He was born on Aug. 20, 1934, south of White Cloud, Mich., and east of Newaygo, in an isolated log cabin with no running water except the creek out back. He lived the first years of his life in the cabin with his five sib-lings, spending much of his time with the animals and plants of the surrounding woods. The cabin, which his father had helped build, burned to the ground when Maurice was 6. His father was Lawrence Geiger, and his mother was born L. Marguerite Welch. His parents separated while Maurice was a child. His mother, whose grit and wisdom served as a support and guide for Maurice, was a schoolteacher. She ended up with a different post nearly every year, and Maurice said he had moved about 15 times before he grad-uated from Clinton High School in 1952. He then attended Michigan State Univer-sity, while he worked 40 hours a week at an Oldsmobile plant to support his family. He received his bachelor’s degree from Michigan State in 1956 with a major in police adminis-tration. After college, he joined the Navy and grad-uated from flight school at the Naval Air station in Pensacola, Fla. He was an aviator on active duty in the Navy from 1956–1957. Following his active service, he moved to Washington, D.C., serving in the reserves for several more years, finally leaving as lieu-tenant commander. In D.C., he first worked as a corrections officer in the Bureau of Pris-ons and then as a computer programmer for the Navy. During this time, he met his fu-ture wife, Nancy Crocker, in a boarding house in the nation’s capital where they both rented rooms. They married on May 27, 1960. They had four sons, each born two years apart starting in 1962. While working days, Maurice took night classes at Georgetown University Law Cen-ter and he received his law degree in 1963. He went to work for the U.S. Department of Justice in 1965, becoming the director of the department’s Management Information Of-fice the next year. He left the Department of Justice in 1969, following the election of Richard Nixon, say-ing that the department was becoming too politicized and no longer interested in jus-tice. He was recruited by former U.S. Su-preme Court Justice Tom Clark to develop management systems capability at the Fed-eral Judicial Center, which serves as staff to the U.S. Supreme Court. In 1972, he and his family moved to Birch Hill in North Conway. From 1972 to 1976, he was a staff attorney and adjudication spe-cialist for the New England region for the Law Enforcement Assistance Administra-tion. During the late 1970s and early 1980s, he worked with Ernest Friesen, dean of the California Western University School of Law, studying and working to improve court systems throughout the country by helping them to reduce backlogs and delays. In 1982, he co-founded the Rural Justice Center with Kathryn Fahnestock. They worked together to reform judicial systems in rural areas and small towns throughout the United States. Starting in 1995, the Rural Justice Center concentrated on international programs. Maurice made scores of trips to Haiti, spent 15 months in Bangladesh, and also worked in Rwanda, Ethiopia, the Repub-lic of Georgia, Armenia, and other countries. He was awarded the New Hampshire Bar As-sociation’s 2008 Daniel Webster International Lawyer of the Year Award. In 2016, he was honored by Haiti’s Supreme Council of Judi-cial Power for his two decades of service working to improve the country’s judicial system. The United States Agency for Inter-national Development issued him a certifi-cate of appreciation ‘‘in recognition of Mau-rice Geiger’s tireless advocacy for judicial and prison reforms in Haiti, which have ben-efited thousands of Haitians. His unflinching and selfless quest for justice, taken often at great personal sacrifice to his own health and finances, have made him a hero to the Haitian people and to all who have crossed his path.’’ Over the years, he appeared on ‘‘CBS News,’’ ‘‘60 Minutes’’ and in front-page arti-cles in The New York Times concerning Haiti and judicial reform issues. He was a member of both the Virginia and New Hampshire bar associations. ‘‘Looking back over the last 50 years,’’ Maurice told the New Hampshire Bar Asso-ciation’s Bar News in 2013, ‘‘I find that I take the most satisfaction from helping to bring relief to the . . . poor souls trapped in the godforsaken prisons and jails wherever they exist.’’ He later estimated that his work had helped free several thousand Haitians who should have no longer been in prison. Many of them had languished in prison awaiting trial for longer than they would have been sentenced to serve if they had been found guilty. Maurice spent considerable time with children at an orphanage in Haiti and brought loads of supplies to them during his many trips to the island. He said: ‘‘My most memorable experience was living through the devastating earthquake that hit Port-au- Prince, Haiti, in 2010.’’ Despite his travels, Maurice immersed himself in the civic life of the Mount Wash-ington Valley. He was a delegate to the New Hampshire Constitutional Convention in 1974. Beginning in 1976, he practiced law in Carroll County, primarily taking pro bono and court-ap-pointed cases. He served as president of the Eastern Slopes Little League in 1977. He was elected to three terms on the Conway School Board, serving nine years from 1975 to 1984. He was elected Carroll County Attorney, and served as the county’s prosecutor from 1992 to 1994. Maurice loved playing sports with his sons and with other young people in the area. On weekends, he could often be found playing touch football on the green in North Conway in summer and fall, or boot hockey by Third Bridge on West Side Road in winter. He also spent many hours playing basketball and tennis. He served as an umpire at Little League games and later as a line judge for the Volvo International tennis tournament in North Conway. He was an occasional poet, and several of his poems were published in Mount Washington Valley newspapers. U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, where the Rural Justice Center was based, honored Geiger by entering a tribute into the Congressional Record. Leahy said, ‘‘The example he has set of selflessness, of caring, commitment to human rights and equal ac-cess to justice, and of an unwavering belief in the basic dignity of all people regardless of their station in life, is one that every law student, every lawyer, every prosecutor, every judge, and every prison warden should strive to emulate.’’ He is survived by one sister, Marguerite I. Kellogg, of Lansing, Mich.; his wife, Nancy C. Geiger, of Center Conway, N.H.; their four sons, Robert S. Geiger, of Silver Spring, Md., his wife, Catherine Buckler, and their daugh-ter, Sophia Buckler Geiger; Kevin W. Geiger of Pomfret, Vt., his wife, Corinne Smith, their son, Brendan Geiger, and their daugh-ter, Rosalie Geiger; Thomas S. Geiger of Se-attle, Wash., his wife Aiko Schaefer, their son, Isaiah Schaefer-Geiger, and their daugh-ter, Naomi Schaefer-Geiger; and Steven T. Geiger of Washington, D.C., and his spouse, Raul Serpas; sister-in-law, Linda Saunders and brother-in-law, Albert Saunders of Plymouth, Mass.; brother-in-law, James Lopez of West Olive, Mich.; and numerous nieces, nephews and cousins. A memorial service will be planned for a later date. Arrangements are being handled by Furber & White Funeral Home in North Conway. The family would like to extend a special thank you for the care and comfort provided the Visiting Nurse Home Care & Hospice of Carroll County. Donations in Maurice’s memory can be made to Health through Walls, a non-profit whose mission is to assist low-income countries in imple-menting sustainable improvements in the health care services of their prisons. The donations can be made online at healththroughwalls.org or by mail to Health through Walls, 12555 Biscayne Blvd., No. 955, North Miami, FL 33181. f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.015 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1214 February 26, 2018 
the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–78, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Kuwait for defense articles and services estimated to cost $259 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–78 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $259 million. Total $259 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Four (4) King Air 350ER ISR air-craft with enhanced PT6A–67A engines and one (1) engine spare; four (4) AN/AAQ–35 WESCAM MX–15HDi Electro-Optical & Infra-red Imaging Sensor Turret; four (4) Selex Seaspray 7500E Active Electronically Scanned Array Radars (AESA); AN/AAR–47 Missile Warning Systems (MWS); AN/ALE–47 Countermeasure Dispenser Systems; secure communications, cryptographic, and preci-sion navigation equipment; Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Systems; aircraft modi-fication and integration for ISR mission sys-tems; facility design and construction; ground data processing systems and support equipment; spares and repair parts; support and test equipment; simulators, training and training equipment; publications and tech-nical documentation; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logis-tics support services; and other related ele-ments of logistical and program support. Ad-ditionally, one of the four aircraft will be further modified to accommodate VIP/senior leadership personnel for transport and Med Evac capability or command and control, and other related elements of logistical sup-port. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (KU– D–SAB). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 21, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kuwait—Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance King Air 350ER The Government of Kuwait has requested a possible sale of four (4) King Air 350ER Intel-ligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) aircraft with enhanced PT6A–67A en-gines and one (1) engine spare; four (4) AN/ AAQ–35 WESCAM MX–15HDi Electro-Optical & Infrared Imaging Sensor Turret; four (4) Selex Seaspray 7500E Active Electronically Scanned Array Radars (AESA); AN/AAR–47 Missile Warning Systems (MWS); AN/ALE–47 Countermeasure Dispenser Systems; secure communications, cryptographic, and preci-sion navigation equipment; Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Systems; aircraft modi-fication and integration for ISR mission sys-tems; facility design and construction; ground data processing systems and support equipment; spares and repair parts; support and test equipment; simulators, training and training equipment; publications and tech-nical documentation; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logis-tics support services; and other related ele-ments of logistical and program support. Ad-ditionally, one of the four aircraft will be further modified to accommodate VIP/senior leadership personnel for transport and Med Evac capability or command and control, and other related elements of logistical sup-port. The estimated total case value is $259 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country. Kuwait plays a large role in U.S. efforts to advance stability in the Middle East, providing basing, access, and transit for U.S. forces in the region. The proposed sale will enable Kuwait to gather its own airborne ISR data. This capa-bility will improve Kuwait’s situational awareness, armed forces posture, and armed forces capability to respond to threats. En-hancing Kuwait’s Command, Control, Com-munications, Computers, & Intelligence (C4I) capability will result in the potential for greater burden sharing. The proposed sale of items and services will establish Kuwait’s first dedicated airborne ISR fleet. The King Air 350ER ISR is part of the Kuwaiti Air Force’s rapid expansion and modernization efforts, and is a priority for Kuwait and the United States. Kuwait will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Sierra Ne-vada Corporation, Hagerstown, MD. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the long term assignment of any additional U.S. Government representatives to Kuwait. There will be U.S. contractor field representatives relocating to Kuwait in order provide day-to-day maintenance and logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–78 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. King Air 350ER is an Intelligence, Sur-veillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) aircraft, a specifically modified B350ER, capable of operating in austere environments while pro-viding real-time ISR. It is equipped with an integrated electro-optical and infrared (EO/ IR) which gives it a day/night ISR capa-bility. Additionally, the aircraft will have a signal intercept system capable of searching, direction finding (geo-locating), collection, and on-board analysis of simple signals of in-terest in the very high frequency (VHF) and ultra-high frequency (UHF) broadcast bands. It will also have synthetic aperture radar (SAR) to provide spot and strip ground map-ping along with ground moving target indi-cator (GMTI) modes. It will also have on-board workstations that will control the intercept system and EO/IR system. The sys-tem will provide voice and data communica-tion with personnel on the ground to share collected data. Aircraft hardware and soft-ware are UNCLASSIFIED; technical data and documentation to be provided are UN-CLASSIFIED. 2. Small Tactical Terminal (STT) KOR–24A is a two-channel radio for Link 16 networks and tactical wideband UHF or legacy VHF/ UHF systems. The Link 16 command, con-trol, communications, and intelligence (C3I) system incorporating high-capacity, jam-re-sistant, digital communication links for ex-change of near real-time tactical informa-tion, including both data and voice, among air, ground, and sea elements. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. Technical data and docu-mentation to be provided is UNCLASSIFIED. 3. AN/AAQ–35 WESCAM MX–15HDi Electro- Optical & Infrared Imaging Sensor Turret is a gyro-stabilized, multi-spectral, multi-field of view EO/IR system. The system provides color daylight TV and nighttime IR video with a laser range finder and laser pointer through use of an externally mounted turret sensor unit and internally mounted sensor control. Video imagery is displayed in the aircraft real time and may be recorded for subsequent ground analysis. Hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED. Technical data and docu-mentation to be provided are UNCLASSI-FIED. 4. Selex Seaspray 7500E is a multi-mode radar combines a state-of-the-art Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) with Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS) processor. It provides strip and spotlight SAR imaging and ground moving target indicator (GMTI) capability for all-weather and wide range surveillance. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. Technical data and documentation to be pro-vided is UNCLASSIFIED. 5. AAR–47 Missile Warning Systems is a small, lightweight, passive, electro-optic, threat warning device used to detect surface- to-air missiles and automatically provide countermeasures, as well as audio and vis-ual-sector warning messages to the aircrew. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. Software is SECRET. Technical data and documentation to be provided are UNCLASSIFIED. 6. ALE–47 Countermeasure Dispenser Sys-tems (CMDS) provides an integrated threat- adaptive, computer controlled capability for dispensing chaff, flares, and active radio fre-quency expendables. The AN/ALE 47 uses threat data received over the aircraft inter-faces to assess the threat situation and de-termine a response. Expendable routines tai-lored to the immediate aircraft and threat environment may be dispensed using one of four operational modes. Hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED. Software is SECRET. Tech-nical data and documentation to be provided are UNCLASSIFIED. 7. AN/APX–119 Identification Friend or Foe combined transponder interrogator system is UNCLASSIFIED unless Mode IV or V oper-ational evaluator parameters, which are SE-CRET, are loaded into the equipment. 8. This sale will involve the release of sen-sitive and or classified cryptographic ele-ments for secure communications radios, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.019 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1215 February 26, 2018 
cryptographic equipment, and precision navigation equipment. The hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED, except where systems are loaded with cryptographic software, which is classified up to SECRET. 9. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 10. A determination has been made that Kuwait can provide substantially the same degree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 11. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Ku-wait. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–56, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Kuwait for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $100 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–56 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $2.6 million. Other $97.4 million. Total $100.0 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of Ku-wait has requested the possible sale of fifteen (15) 13.6 meter Fast Patrol Boats. Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Thirty- six (36) .50 Caliber Machine Guns (thirty (30) installed, two (2) per boat and six (6) spares). Non-MDE: This request includes fifteen (15) 13.6 meter Fast Patrol Boats outfitted with support equipment, and personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (KU–P– SBK). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 20, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Kuwait—Fast Patrol Boats The Government of Kuwait has requested to purchase fifteen (15) fast patrol boats out-fitted with thirty-six (36) .50 caliber machine guns (thirty (30) installed, two (2) per boat and six (6) spares). This request also includes support equipment, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logis-tics support services, and other related ele-ments of logistical and program support. The estimated total case value is $100 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign and national security of the United States by improving the security of a friend-ly country. Kuwait plays a key role in U.S. efforts to advance stability in the Middle East, providing basing, access, and transit of U.S. forces in the region. Kuwait intends to use the boats for patrol, interdiction, and maritime protection. These boats will help Kuwait develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. Kuwait will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Kvichak (a Vigor Company), Kent, Washington. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require multiple trips by U.S. Government and contractor representatives to participate in program and technical reviews plus train-ing and maintenance support in country, on a temporary basis, for a period of twenty- four (24) months. It will also require three (3) contractor representatives to reside in coun-try for a period of two (2) years to support this program. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–56 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology 1. The following components and technical documentation for the program are classified as listed below: a. The Browning M2 .50 caliber machine gun is an automatic, recoil operated, air- cooled machine gun which has been modified for shipboard use. Its classification level is UNCLASSIFIED. b. The Fast Patrol Boat is a 13.6 meter (45- foot) utility boat used by the United States Coast Guard as a Response Boat Medium (RB–M). The boats are built by Kvichak Ma-rine Industries of Kent, Washington and Marinette Marine Corporation of Marinette, Wisconsin. While primarily designed as a Search and Rescue (SAR) asset the RB–M is also used to perform Recreational Boating Safety (RBS), Marine Environmental Protec-tion (MEP), Enforcement of Laws and Trea-ties (ELT), Ports, Waterways, and Coastal Security (PWCS) and Defense Operations (DO), including those traditional missions associated with Border Protection. The RB– M is powered by two MTU Detroit Diesel turbocharged Series 60 engines (825 hp) and two Rolls-Royce FF-Series waterjets with a top speed of 42.5 knots and a range of 250nm. The RB–Ms classification level is UNCLAS-SIFIED. 2. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of the Kuwait. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–66, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of the Netherlands for defense articles and services estimated to cost $1.191 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–66 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of the Netherlands. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $829 million. Other $362 million. Total $1.191 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of the Netherlands has requested the possible sale of items and services to support the upgrade/ remanufacture of twenty-eight (28) AH–64D Block II Apache Attack Helicopters to the AH–64E configuration. Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Fifty-one (51) T700–GE–701D Engines (42 re-manufactured engines to be installed and 9 spares). Seventeen (17) AN/APG–78 Fire Control Ra-dars and Subcomponents. Twenty-eight (28) AN/ASQ–170 Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sights (MTADS)/AN/AAR–11 Modernized Pilot Night Vision Sensors (PNVS). Twenty-eight (28) AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Frequency Interferometers (MRFI). Seventy (70) Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation Systems (EGI) plus Multi-Mode Receiver (56 installed, 14 spares). Non-MDE: Non-MDE items and services to support the upgrade/remanufacturing of the existing AH–64D Block II Apache Attack Hel-icopters to AH–64E configuration, training devices, helmets, simulators, generators, transportation, wheeled vehicles and organi-zation equipment, spare and repair parts, support equipment, tools and test equip-ment, technical data and publications, per-sonnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Army (NE–B– WJW). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: NE–B–VXC, NE–B–WDP, NE–B–WES, NE–B–WBW, NE–B– WHD, NE–B–WGC. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 20, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Netherlands—AH–64E Remanufactured Apache Attack Helicopters The Government of the Netherlands has re-quested the possible sale of items and serv-ices to support the upgrade/remanufacture of twenty-eight (28) AH–64D Block II Apache Attack Helicopters to the AH–64E configura-tion to include upgrading fifty-one (51) re-maining T700–GE–701C Engines to T700–GE– 701D (42 engines to be installed, 9 spares), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.020 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1216 February 26, 2018 
seventeen (17) AN/APG–78 Fire Control Radar (FCR) and subcomponents, twenty-eight (28) AN/ASQ–170 Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sights (MTADS)/AN/AAR–11 Modernized Pilot Night Vision Sensors (PNVS), twenty-eight (28) AN/APR–48B Mod-ernized Radar Frequency Interferometers (MRFI), and seventy (70) Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation Sys-tems (EGI) plus Multi-Mode Receiver. Non- MDE items and services to support the up-grade/remanufacturing of the existing AH– 64D Block II Apache Attack Helicopters to AH–64E configuration, training devices, hel-mets, simulators, generators, transpor-tation, wheeled vehicles and organization equipment, spare and repair parts, support equipment, tools and test equipment, tech-nical data and publications, personnel train-ing and training equipment, U.S. Govern-ment and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support services, and other re-lated elements of logistics and program sup-port. The estimated total case value is $1.191 billion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a NATO ally which has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. It is vital to U.S. national interests to assist the Netherlands to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. The proposed sale of the AH–64E remanu-facture will improve the Netherlands’ capa-bility to meet current and future threats of enemy. The Netherlands will use the en-hanced capability to strengthen its home-land defense and deter regional threats, and provide direct support to coalition and secu-rity cooperation efforts. The Netherlands will have no difficulty absorbing this air-craft upgrade into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors are Boeing Com-pany, St. Louis, MO and Lockheed Martin, Bethesda, MD. The purchaser typically re-quests offsets. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations between the pur-chaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to the Netherlands. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–66 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AH–64E Apache Attack Helicopter weapon system contains communications and target identification equipment, naviga-tion equipment, aircraft survivability equip-ment, displays, and sensors. The airframe itself does not contain sensitive technology; however, the pertinent equipment listed below will either be installed on the aircraft or included in the sale: a. The AN/APG–78 Fire Control Radar (FCR) is an active, low-probability of inter-cept, millimeter-wave radar, combined with a passive AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Frequency Interferometer (M–RFI) mounted on top of the helicopter mast. The FCR Ground Targeting Mode detects, locates, classifies and prioritizes stationary or mov-ing armored vehicles, tanks and mobile air defense systems as well as hovering heli-copters, helicopters, and fixed wing aircraft in normal flight. The M–RFI detects threat radar emissions and determines the type of radar and mode of operation. The FCR data and M–RFI data are fused for maximum syn-ergism. If desired, the radar data can be used to refer targets to the regular electro-optical Modernized Target Acquisition and Designa-tion Sight (MTADS), permitting additional visual/infrared imagery and control of weap-ons, including the semi-active laser version of the HELLFIRE II missile. Critical system information is stored in the FCR in the form of mission executable code, target detection, classification algorithms and coded threat parametrics. This information is provided in a form that cannot be extracted by the for-eign user via anti-tamper provisions built into the system. The content of these items is classified SECRET. The M–RFI is a passive radar detection and direction finding system, which utilizes a detachable User Data Mod-ule (UDM) on the RFI processor, which con-tains the Radio Frequency threat library. The UDM, which is a hardware assemblage, is classified CONFIDENTIAL when pro-grammed with threat parameters, threat pri-orities and/or techniques derived from U.S. intelligence information. b. The AN/ASQ–170 Modernized Target Ac-quisition and Designation Sight/AN/AAQ–11 Pilot Night Vision Sensor (MTADS/PNVS) provides day, night, and limited adverse weather target information, as well as night navigation capabilities. The PNVS provides thermal imaging that permits map-of-the- earth flight to, from, and within the battle area, while TADS provides the co-pilot gun-ner with search, detection, recognition, and designation by means of Direct View Optics (DVO), EI2television, and Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR) sighting systems that may be used singularly or in combinations. Hard-ware is UNCLASSIFIED. Technical manuals for authorized maintenance levels are UN-CLASSIFIED. c. The AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Fre-quency Interferometer (M–RFI) is an updated version of the passive radar detection and di-rection finding system. It utilizes a detach-able UDM on the M–RFI processor, which contains the Radar Frequency (RF) threat li-brary. The UDM, which is a hardware assem-blage item, is classified CONFIDENTIAL when programmed with threat parametrics, threat priorities and/or techniques derived from U.S. intelligence information. Hard-ware becomes CLASSIFIED when populated with threat parametric data. d. KIV–77 A common IFF Applique Crypto Computer that provides information assur-ance for the IFF interrogators and tran-sponders using Modes 4 and 5. The hardware is classified UNCLASSIFIED. This item is CCI and SENSITIVE. Releasable technical manuals for operation and maintenance are classified FOUO. e. The Embedded Global Positioning Sys-tem/Inertial Navigation System plus Multi- Mode Receiver (EGI+MMR) EGI GEM V 3.3 W/SAASM PN: 3424 9950–R004–XXX Software Security Core PN: CP34211974–003 (CP34211903–002), GCORE 3 ver 3 SAASM with MMR. The aircraft has two EGIs which use internal accelerometers, rate gyro measure-ments, and external sensor measurements to estimate the aircraft state, provides aircraft flight and position data to aircraft systems. The EGI is a velocity-aided, strap down, ring laser gyro based inertial unit. The EGI unit houses a 12–channel (GEM 5) GPS receiver. The receiver is capable of operating in either non-encrypted (C/A code) or encrypted (P/Y code). The Group User Variable (GUV) is the normal encryption key used when operating in the P/Y code mode. The GUV key is loaded into the EGI using an ANACD–10 or equiva-lent device. When keyed, the GPS receiver will automatically use anti-spoof/jam capa-bilities when they are in use. The EGI will retain the key through power on/off/on cy-cles. Because of safeguards built into the EGI, it is not considered classified when keyed. Integrated within the EGI is an Iner-tial Measurement Unit (IMU) with proc-essing functions for performing the inertial navigation computations, GPS card, receiver management, and Kalman filter estimates to support all aircraft and weapon systems po-sition and navigation computations. Each EGI also houses a Multi-Mode Receiver (MMR). The MMR is incorporated to provide for reception of ground based NAVAID sig-nals for instrument aided flight. Provides IMC/IFR integration and certification of im-proved Embedded Global Positioning System and Inertial (EGI) unit with attached MMR, with specific cockpit instrumentation that allows Apaches to operate within the world-wide IFR route structure. Also includes inte-gration of the Common Army Aviation Map (CAAM), Area Navigation (RNAV), Digital Aeronautical Flight Information File (DAFIF) and Global Air Traffic Management (GATM) compliance. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that the Netherlands can provide substantially the same degree of protection for sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of the Nether-lands. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No, 18–01, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Sweden for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $3.2 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–01 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Sweden. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $2.3 billion. Other $.9 billion. Total $3.2 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Four (4) Patriot Configu-ration–3+ Modernized Fire Units consisting of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four (4) AN/MPQ–65 Radar Sets. Four (4) AN/MSQ–132 Engagement Control Stations. Nine (9) Antenna Mast Groups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.024 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1217 February 26, 2018 
Twelve (12) M903 Launching Stations. One hundred (100) Patriot MIM–104E Guid-ance Enhanced Missile Tactical Ballistic Missile (GEM–T) Missiles. Two hundred (200) Patriot Advanced Capa-bility–3 (PAC–3) Missile Segment Enhance-ment (MSE) Missiles. Four (4) Electrical Power Plants (EPP) III. Non-MDE includes: Also included with this request are communications equipment, tools and test equipment, range and test pro-grams, support equipment to include associ-ated vehicles, prime movers, generators, publications and technical documentation, training equipment, spare and repair parts, personnel training, Technical Assistance Field Team (TAFT), U.S. Government and contractor technical, engineering, and logis-tics support services, Systems Integration and Checkout (SICO), field office support, and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 20, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Sweden—Patriot Configuration–3+ Modernized Fire Units The Government of Sweden has requested to buy four (4) Patriot Configuration–3+ Modernized Fire Units consisting of: four (4) AN/MPQ–65 radar sets, four (4) AN/MSQ–132 engagement control stations, nine (9) an-tenna mast groups, twelve (12) M903 launch-ing stations, one hundred (100) Patriot MIM– 104E Guidance Enhanced Missile-TBM (GEM– T) missiles, two hundred (200) Patriot Ad-vanced Capabilty-3 (PAC–3) Missile Segment Enhancement (MSE) missiles, and four (4) Electrical Power Plants (EPP) III. Also in-cluded with this request are communications equipment, tools and test equipment, range and test programs, support equipment to in-clude associated vehicles, prime movers, gen-erators, publications and technical docu-mentation, training equipment, spare and re-pair parts, personnel training, Technical As-sistance Field Team (TAFT), U.S. Govern-ment and contractor technical, engineering, and logistics support services, Systems Inte-gration and Checkout (SICO), field office support, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The total esti-mated program cost is $3.2 billion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic partner which has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress within the Baltic Sea region and across Europe. The proposed sale of the Patriot missile system will improve Sweden’s missile de-fense capability. Sweden will use the Patriot system to defend its territorial integrity and promote regional stability. The proposed sale will increase the defensive capabilities of the Swedish military and support inter-operability with U.S. and NATO forces. Swe-den will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors will be Raytheon Corporation in Andover, Massachusetts, and Lockheed-Martin in Dallas, Texas. There are no known offset agreements proposed in con-nection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require approximately 24 U.S. Government and 32 contractor representatives to travel to Sweden for an extended period for equip-ment de-processing/fielding, system check-out, training, and technical and logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–01 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Patriot Air Defense System con-tains classified CONFIDENTIAL hardware components, SECRET tactical software and CRITICAL/SENSITIVE technology. Patriot ground support equipment and Patriot mis-sile hardware contain CONFIDENTIAL com-ponents and the associated launcher hard-ware is UNCLASSIFIED. The items re-quested represent significant technological advances for Sweden Patriot. The Patriot Air Defense System continues to hold a sig-nificant technology lead over other surface- to-air missile systems in the world. 2. The Patriot sensitive/critical technology is primarily in the area of design and produc-tion know-how and primarily inherent in the design, development and/or manufacturing data related to certain components. The list of components is classified CONFIDENTIAL. 3. Information on system performance ca-pabilities, effectiveness, survivability, mis-sile seeker capabilities, select software/soft-ware documentation and test data are classi-fied up to and including SECRET. 4. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems which might reduce sys-tem effectiveness or be used in the develop-ment of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 5. A determination has been made that Sweden can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 6. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Sweden. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–75, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Finland for defense articles and services estimated to cost $70 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–75 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Finland. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $60 million. Other $10 million. Total $70 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four (4) MK 41 Baseline VII Strike-Length Vertical Launching Systems. Non-MDE: Also included are spares, han-dling equipment, test equipment, operator manuals and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, training, technical, and logistical support services, and other related elements of logistical support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (FI–P– LBN). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 20, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Finland—Mk 41 Vertical Launching Systems The Government of Finland has requested a possible sale of four (4) Mk 41 Baseline VII Strike-Length Vertical Launching Systems. Also included are spares, handling equip-ment, test equipment, operator manuals and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, training, tech-nical, and logistical support services, and other related elements of logistical support. The estimated total case value is $70 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a partner nation that has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. Finland intends to use the vertical launch-ing systems on four new construction cor-vettes that will make up the Finnish Navy’s Squadron 2020. The vertical launching sys-tems will enable Finland to acquire missiles that will significantly enhance the Finnish Navy’s area defense capabilities over critical air-and-sea-lines of trade and communica-tion. The proposed sale of the Mk 41 will in-crease the Finnish Navy’s maritime partner-ship, interoperability, and regional security capability. Finland has not purchased the Mk 41 previously, but will have no difficulty incorporating this capability into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Lockheed Martin Corporation, Bethesda, MD. The pur-chaser typically requests offsets. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations be-tween the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will require up to 12 U.S. Government personnel and up to five contractor representatives to travel to Finland providing support over a period of ten years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–75 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Mk 41 Vertical Launching System (VLS) is a fixed, vertical, multi-missile 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.025 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1218 February 26, 2018 
launching system with the capability to store and launch multiple missile variants depending on the warfighting mission, in-cluding the Evolved Sea Sparrow Missile (ESSM) and Standard Missile 2 (SM–2). This proposed sale would provide tactical VLS ca-pability for the ESSM. Mk 41 VLS is a mod-ular below-deck configuration with each module consisting of 8 missile cells with an associated gas management and deluge sys-tem. The highest classification of the hard-ware in the proposed sale is UNCLASSIFIED. The highest classification of the technical documentation in the proposed sale is UN-CLASSIFIED. The highest classification of the software to be exported is CONFIDEN-TIAL. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that Finland can provide substantially the same degree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Finland. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO WILMA AND WELLINGTON WEBB ∑Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I wish to celebrate the diamond jubilee birth-days of the Honorable Wilma and Wel-lington Webb. Wilma and Wellington Webb embody the best of Colorado. Through a long and distinguished career, they have made history, improved our commu-nities, and set an example of leadership for our State. Wilma Webb’s life is defined by serv-ice to others. Her career began as a community organizer registering vot-ers, assisting impoverished families, and fighting for equality in education. In 1980, she joined the Colorado House of Representatives, where she was re-elected for six terms and served a total of 13 years. During her tenure, Wilma sponsored many substantive bills and became the first African American to serve on the powerful joint budget committee, which writes Colorado’s multibillion dollar annual budget. After 4 years of tireless advocacy, she pushed through legislation to recognize Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s birthday in Denver through events like the an-nual ‘‘Marade.’’ President Clinton later appointed her to serve as the regional administrator for the U.S. Department of Labor. Her husband, Wellington Webb, like-wise displays an example of public service. Mayor Webb has served in the Colorado House of Representatives, the Carter administration, and Colorado’s Department of Regulatory Agencies. In a historic election in 1991, he became the first African-American mayor of Denver. Over two terms, Mayor Webb dedicated himself to improving Den-ver’s parks and open spaces, strength-ening public safety, championing inclu-sive economic development, and ex-panding access to high-quality edu-cation for our children. Like his wife, Mayor Webb’s leadership has left an in-delible mark. We see it throughout our city, from the Denver International Airport to the expanded Denver Art Museum, the Blair-Caldwell African- American Research Library, and the many buildings that bear his name. As individuals, Wilma and Wel-lington Webb are exceptional examples of public service. Together, they have formed an extraordinarily powerful force that has left Denver and Colorado more prosperous, inclusive, and just. On this day of celebration, I join Colo-radans across our State in sharing my deep gratitude and admiration for the legacy they created and the years of contributions that lie ahead. ∑ f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF READING TERMINAL MARKET ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to recognize and honor Reading Terminal Market as it celebrates the 125th anni-versary of its founding in Pennsyl-vania. Reading Terminal Market officially opened on February 22, 1893, under the Reading Railroad Company and is one of the Nation’s oldest farmers’ mar-kets. The market was a result of the city’s consolidation of public markets in the early 19th century due to the mass number of merchants and health hazards that became associated with merchant stalls. Reading Terminal Market opened with approximately 78,000 square feet, including 800 spaces for merchants to sell their goods. The market was pros-perous during the Great Depression and World War II due to local farmers com-ing to the city because of high demand and fair prices. Individuals living in the suburbs could have their groceries delivered for free through the use of the train station. Employees at the Reading Terminal would load carts of groceries onto trains and deliver them to each station as the customer re-quested. Much of Reading Terminal Market’s customer base and services relied on the Reading Railroad Com-pany. When the railroad company failed, the market suffered and experienced fi-nancial hardship from the 1960s to the early 1990s. A $30 million investment in infrastructure resuscitated the market, and it has thrived as an economic hub ever since. Today, Reading Terminal Market, housed in a National Historic Land-mark building, is home to 80 merchants of all different cultural backgrounds with products ranging from fresh, lo-cally sourced produce, meats, hand-made wares, and clothing, to a broad range of ethnic food and global goods. With an estimated 100,000 people expe-riencing the market on a weekly basis, Reading Terminal Market is one of the most prosperous, public markets in both the Commonwealth and in the Na-tion. I commend Reading Terminal Mar-ket, its employees, and its merchants on the 125th anniversary of its found-ing. As the market has reached global recognition, I am honored it calls Pennsylvania home. Rich in both diver-sity and tradition, let it serve as a symbol of culture, history, oppor-tunity, and inspiration for us all. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD GUIMOND ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor and recognize Donald Guimond who is resigning as the town manager for the town of Fort Kent, ME. Don is a remarkable public serv-ant, mentor, and individual who has truly led by example. His inclusive leadership style has cultivated a com-munity that is now the envy of many communities throughout the State of Maine. Located in Aroostook County— the Crown of Maine—Fort Kent is known for being the northern boundary of Route One, for the generosity of its citizens, and for the ability to make seemingly insurmountable projects happen. During his 24-year tenure as town manager, Don was at the heart of all of the significant projects that have maintained and continue to shape the town. Staying true to his philosophy that ‘‘taxpayers of our community [stay] at the forefront decisions,’’ he has included the voices of community members in his decisions. In the same vein, he was present for every project, regardless of its scope. Don has provided invaluable advice and leadership to development groups, the Greater Fort Kent Chamber of Commerce and many other boards and organizations. He has also participated in numerous international events from outdoor, volunteer-driven events like World Cup Biathlons and the Can Am Crown sled dog races, to cultural events like the 2014 World Acadian Congress. During the flood of 2008, Don was everywhere, making sure that townsfolks were taken care of, using his skills to assist government agen-cies, nonprofit organizations, and oth-ers to make sure that people’s needs were being met. His efforts during that tumultuous time were praised by local and State leaders. Don has mentored many leaders within Aroostook County, imparting to them his understanding of how a mu-nicipality functions best. If we could all channel our inner Don Guimond, governing would be a little easier. I join the State of Maine, his family, col-leagues, and employees in thanking Don for his outstanding service and the instrumental impact he has made on Fort Kent and Aroostook County. In showing the way to make a community and a region better by action, he has made many contributions to the State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.028 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1219 February 26, 2018 
of Maine, and I am certain he will find a way to continue to do that. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO M CKENZIE BOBBITT ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize McKenzie Bobbitt, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several months. McKenzie is a graduate of Texas A&M University—Commerce, in Com-merce, TX, having earned a degree in business administration. She is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experi-ence. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to McKenzie for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on February 23, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY ) had signed the following en-rolled bills: 
H.R. 1725. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. H.R. 3122. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a warning regarding dishonest, preda-tory, or otherwise unlawful practices tar-geting individuals who are eligible for in-creased pension on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4533. An act to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lex-ington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 620. An act to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote com-pliance through education, to clarify the re-quirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the com-mencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 107. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing Reverend Billy Graham to lie in honor in the Rotunda of the Capitol. 
The message further announced that pursuant to section 30442(b)(3) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: Mr. WOMACK of Arkansas, Mr. S ESSIONS  of Texas, Mr. W
OODALL of Georgia, and Mr. A
RRINGTON of Texas. The message also announced that pursuant to section 30422(b)(3) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Joint Select Committee on Sol-vency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: Ms. F
OXXof North Carolina, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
UCHANAN of Florida, and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT of Arizona. The message further announced that pursuant to section 30442(b)(3) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), the Minority Leader ap-points the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: Mrs. L
OWEY of New York, Mr. Y ARMUTH  of Kentucky, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD of California, and Mr. K
ILMER of Wash-ington. The message also announced that that pursuant to section 30422(b)(3) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–123), the Minority Leader appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Joint Select Committee on Sol-vency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: Mr. N
EALof Massachusetts, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. N
ORCROSS of New Jer-sey, and Mrs. D
INGELL of Michigan. The message further announced that pursuant to section 931(c) of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), the Minor-ity Leader appoints the following indi-viduals on the part of the House of Representatives to the Creating Op-tions for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery (COVER) Commission: Dr. Michael J. Potoczniak of El Cerrito, California, and Dr. Shira Maguen of San Fran-cisco, California. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1281. A bill to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–209). S. 1884. A bill to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress re-garding incidents of terrorism, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–210). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 1791. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–211). f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2451. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to consider State analysis and sharing of prescription drug monitoring program data in deter-mining prescription drug monitoring pro-gram grants to States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2452. A bill to provide for the improve-ment of the capacity of the Navy to conduct surface warfare operations and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 266, a bill to award the Con-gressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achieve-ments and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 818 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 818, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individ-uals with disabilities to save additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.018 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1220 February 26, 2018 
amounts in their ABLE accounts above the current annual maximum contribu-tion if they work and earn income. 
S. 834 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 834, a bill to authorize the appropriation of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or sup-porting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention. At the request of Mr. N
ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 834, supra. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for pay-ments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare program. 
S. 982 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 982, a bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to require mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1091 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1091, a bill to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
S. 1130 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1130, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create a sus-tainable future for rural healthcare. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1212, a bill to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a dan-ger to himself, herself, or others, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. SMITH) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1539, a bill to protect vic-tims of stalking from gun violence. At the request of Mr. N
ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1539, supra. 
S. 1685 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1685, a bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to establish proce-dures for considering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a residential mortgage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1850 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1850, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to prevent the mili-tarization of Federal, State, and local law enforcement by Federal excess property transfers and grant programs. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1917, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1945, a bill to regulate large capacity ammunition feeding devices. At the request of Mr. M
ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1945, supra. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance trans-parency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote de-mocracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2095 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2095, a bill to regulate assault weapons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not un-limited, and for other purposes. S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in rec-ognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
AND-
ERS) were added as cosponsors of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law re-garding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Re-search Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Dem-onstration Program. 
S. 2250 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2250, a bill to ensure due process protections of indi-viduals in the United States against unlawful detention based solely on a protected characteristic. 
S. 2255 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2255, a bill to reauthorize title VI of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to improve and encourage innovation in international education, and for other purposes. 
S. 2301 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2301, a bill to strengthen parity in mental health and substance use disorder benefits. 
S. 2304 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2304, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to protect veterans from predatory lending, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2317 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2317, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.006 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1221 February 26, 2018 
Controlled Substances Act to provide for additional flexibility with respect to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2341, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpayments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due process accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to report on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Ira-nian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2361 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2361, a bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to allow a captive insurance company that was a member of a Federal Home Loan Bank before January 19, 2016, to con-tinue or restore the membership of the captive insurance company in the Fed-eral Home Loan Bank, and for other purposes. 
S. 2384 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2384, a bill to amend the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 to make funding available to 1890 institutions without fiscal year limitation. 
S. 2387 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2387, a bill to provide bet-ter care and outcomes for Americans living with Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias and their caregivers while accelerating progress toward pre-vention strategies, disease modifying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure. 
S. 2398 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2398, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide that ac-tivities relating to the training and readiness of the reserve components of the Armed Forces during a lapse in ap-propriations shall constitute voluntary services that may be accepted by the United States. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. BLUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from cer-tain notice requirements and penalties for releases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms. 
S. 2432 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2432, a bill to amend the charter of the Future Farmers of America, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution supporting re-spect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 355 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 355, a resolution improving proce-dures for the consideration of nomina-tions in the Senate. 
S. RES. 377 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 377, a resolu-tion recognizing the importance of pay-ing tribute to those individuals who have faithfully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and en-couraging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retirees to their local communities and the United States. 
S. RES. 386 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 386, a resolution urging the Government of the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measur-able steps towards holding elections not later than December 2018 as out-lined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association. 
S. RES. 402 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 402, a resolution call-ing upon the President to exercise rel-evant mandatory sanctions authorities under the Countering America’s Adver-saries Through Sanctions Act in re-sponse to the Government of the Rus-sian Federation’s continued aggression in Ukraine and illegal occupation of Crimea and assault on democratic in-stitutions around the world, including through cyber attacks. S. RES. 409 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 409, a resolution honoring the dedication and courage of the Buffalo Soldiers. 
S. RES. 413 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Sen-ator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 413, a resolution celebrating Black History Month. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2044. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 390, to provide emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for ac-countability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2044. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 390, to provide emergency relief for victims of geno-cide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for account-ability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 13, between lines 3 and 4, insert the following: (6) Millions of Syrian refugees and inter-nally displaced persons will face enormous difficulties returning to their homes in Syria unless President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power. On page 13, line 4, strike ‘‘(6)’’ and insert ‘‘(7)’’. On page 13, line 11, strike ‘‘(7)’’ and insert ‘‘(8)’’. On page 14, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: (2) denounces the roles Iran and Russia have played in perpetuating the conflict in Syria, and their involvement in the commis-sion of crimes against humanity; On page 14, line 8, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. On page 14, line 10, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. On page 14, line 16, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. On page 14, lines 20 and 21, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(5)’’, and insert the following: (6) affirms— (A) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s statement on October 26, 2017, that ‘‘the United States wants a whole and unified Syria with no role for Bashar al-Assad in the government’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.008 S26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1222 February 26, 2018 
(B) former Secretary of State John Kerry’s January 23, 2014 statement on Al Arabiya, that ‘‘this should be about all of the people in Syria and the future of Syria. And Assad right now is the one person who stands in the way of peace and the future of Syria’’; and (7) On page 36, line 2, strike ‘‘8’’ and insert ‘‘12’’. On page 36, after line 25, add the following: (I) One member appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate. (J) One member appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate. (K) One member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (L) One member appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. On page 37, lines 6 through 8, strike ‘‘and the chair of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the chair of the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives’’. On page 37, lines 15 through 17, strike ‘‘and the ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the Senate, and the Minority Leader of the House of Representa-tives’’. On page 39, lines 12 through 14, strike ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Sen-ate, the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives’’. On page 40, lines 19 and 20, strike ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the Minority Leader of the House of Rep-resentatives’’. AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 103, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 103) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 103 was agreed to. 
f 
AUTHORIZING REVEREND BILLY GRAHAM TO LIE IN HONOR IN THE ROTUNDA OF THE CAPITOL Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 107, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 107) authorizing Reverend Billy Graham to lie in honor in the Rotunda of the Capitol. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 107) was agreed to. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2018 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 27; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Branch nomina-tion; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Branch nomi-nation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, February 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.012 S26FEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE215 February 26, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. ELIZABETH ‘‘LIZ’’ MOORE TOMLIN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to rise today to recog-nize a dedicated public servant, engaging community leader, outstanding citizen, and friend of longstanding, Mrs. Elizabeth ‘‘Liz’’ Moore Tomlin. Liz was honored by the Nelson Chapel AME Church in Bainbridge, Georgia on February 24, 2018. A native of Bainbridge, Georgia, Liz grad-uated from Hutto High School in 1969. Liz was one of the first African-Americans to be hired as a cashier at Kwik Check and the first African-American in Decatur County to be employed by the Georgia Power Company, where she worked as a Customer Representa-tive. Upon receiving employment with the Georgia Power Company, she pursued higher education. She has been affiliated with several asso-ciations. She has served as President of the local chapter of the NAACP, County Chair of the Decatur County Democratic Party and Deputy Registrar, and a member of the Board of Elections of Decatur County. As a foster parent, she has opened her home to hundreds of adolescents. She has also been an integral part of community pro-grams such as ‘‘Kops N Kids’’, which helps to build relationships between law enforcement and local youth, and the HERO Foundation, which provides clothing, food, and housing for destitute families. For the past 30 years she has helped bring prominent speakers to Deca-tur County by personally sponsoring and orga-nizing the Martin Luther King Day March and Parade. Liz has received numerous honors and awards for her work in public service. These include: the Pilot Club Woman of the Year Award; the Unsung Hero Award presented by the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation; a Certificate of Achievement from Former Sec-retary of State Cathy Cox; and an Outstanding Service Award which I had the pleasure of presenting to her. Liz Tomlin’s faith has always instilled within her a desire to positively shape the community in which she lives. As an active member of Nelson Chapel A.M.E. Church, she regularly incorporates her faith into her commitment to public service by serving on the Steward Board, the Pastor’s Aid Committee and as the Director of the Youth Development Program Department. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Liz has dedicated her time and talents to improve the quality of life for others. A woman of great integrity, her efforts, her dedication, and her expertise are unparalleled. Bain-bridge, Georgia shines a little brighter because of Liz Tomlin. Liz has accomplished much throughout her life, but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of her seven chil-dren and the countless others who impacted her life over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 constituents of the Second Congres-sional District, in extending our sincerest con-gratulations and appreciation to Mrs. Elizabeth ‘‘Liz’’ Moore Tomlin for her dedicated service to the people of Bainbridge, Georgia and De-catur County, Georgia. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JAIME D.S. PAULINO 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Jaime D.S. Paulino. Jaime was a proud son of Guam and faithful public servant. He served as the com-missioner of the village of Inarajan from 1981 to 1989. Jaime was born on December 8, 1935 and passed away on February 6, 2018 at the age of 82. Jaime was the son of Jesus D. and Josefina S. Paulino. He was a member of Guam’s greatest generation who survived the occupa-tion of Guam during World War II. He went on to serve our country in the United States Navy. Jaime graduated from George Washington High School in Guam in 1955, and from Navy Leadership School in 1964. Jaime served in the Vietnam War and later retired as Navy Chief in 1976. Additionally, Jaime served on several boards and commissions, and as a close advisor of my late husband, Governor Bordallo. Jaime took an active role in different com-munity organizations. He was a member of the Young Men’s League of Guam, the Fleet Re-serve Association, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Knights of Columbus. Jaime was a long time member of the Democratic Party of Guam. He served as vice chairman of the party from 2008 to 2012, and was a Super Delegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Jaime D.S. Paulino and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life. He was a dedi-cated public servant who worked to improve the quality of life in his village of Inarajan and the broader community during his time in of-fice. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and friends. I extend my condolences to his children, Jaime Jr. and Rachel, Glenn and Eliza, Ger-ald, and Joel, and his grandchildren and great- grandchildren. He will be deeply missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD KUNDE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Richard Kunde, who passed away on February 15, 2018 at the age of 75, after a lifetime of public service to his community. Mr. Kunde was born on September 6, 1942 near his family’s ranch in Glen Ellen, where they raised Hereford cattle and grew cabernet sauvignon grapes. Mr. Kunde attended the University of California, Davis (UC Davis) where he continued to study and work at im-proving grape vines by earning degrees in viti-culture and horticulture. With enologists at UC Davis, Mr. Kunde worked on developing and cloning rootstock in order to produce superior grapes to be used throughout California and beyond. In 1982, Mr. Kunde purchased Sonoma Grapevines, where he continued to push Sonoma County to the top of the world in both vine growing and wine production. Al-ways one to put the industry above his own personal gain, Mr. Kunde was one of the first nurserymen in his field to sell his cloned vines to other growers. Mr. Kunde’s legacy extends from a personal mission to serve the industry and product that he loved so dearly. As leaders in the wine in-dustry, he and his late wife, Saralee, were un-paralleled supporters of Future Farmers of America, 4–H, the Sonoma County Fair, and the Harvest Fair. Whether it was placing the highest bid at an auction, against himself, or becoming the single largest donor to the edu-cation and events building at the Sonoma County Fairgrounds, Mr. Kunde’s generosity was unmatched. He received many honors over his illustrious career, including induction into the Sonoma County Farm Bureau’s Hall of Fame and the Award of Distinction from the College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences at UC Davis, both in 2008. Mr. Kunde is survived by his son, Matthew Kunde and his daughter Catherine ‘‘Catie’’ Kunde, his granddaughter, and many nieces, nephews, and cousins. It is hard to speak about Mr. Kunde’s personal or professional life without mentioning his constant companion in both, his late wife Saralee McClellend Kunde. Known as the shining star of their duo, Mrs. Kunde was intimately involved in all of Mr. Kunde’s professional and philanthropic work. Mr. Speaker, the depth of Mr. Kunde’s serv-ice to his community has left a positive legacy across Sonoma County and the entire grape growing industry, and he will be profoundly missed. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to him today and honor his memory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.001 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE216 February 26, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF KEVIN SHAUGHNESSY, RECIPIENT OF THE ANCIENT ORDER OF HIBER-NIANS’ PAUL ‘‘HOOK’’ O’MALLEY MAN OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kevin Shaughnessy, who will be honored as Man of the Year by the An-cient Order Hibernians Division 4, the Paul ‘‘Hook’’ O’Malley chapter, on Thursday, March 1. Kevin is a charter member of the AOH chapter named in memory of the late boxing trainer known for his charitable nature. The Man of the Year award is given to an indi-vidual who has worked to enrich the well- being of the community in the spirit of ‘‘Hook’’ O’Malley. Kevin is the son of Jack and Rose Shaughnessy. He is a graduate of West Scranton High School, class of 1988. Kevin currently serves as the Lackawanna County Director of Building and Grounds. In addition to his government position, he has served two three-year terms as an executive board mem-ber of the IBEW Local 81 and is a past dele-gate to the Scranton Central Labor Union. Along with his leadership roles in organized labor, Kevin is a member of the John Mitchell Man of the Year Committee. It is an honor to recognize Kevin as he re-ceives the Man of the Year award from The Ancient Order of Hibernians. I am grateful for his efforts on behalf of the citizens of Lacka-wanna County and his colleagues within the labor community. I wish Kevin all the best as he continues to serve his neighbors with the generosity of ‘‘Hook’’ O’Malley. 
f 
HIS BOOK OF LOVE, IN MEMORY OF THE REVEREND BILLY GRA-HAM 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and remembrance of a great American Hero, who touched and blessed so many lives. As an Ambassador of the Gospel he spread the word of our Lord and his Book of Love lifting people up. The Evangelist, The Reverend Billy Graham. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in his honor by Al-bert Carey Caswell. 
HISBOOK OF LOVE (By Albert Carey Caswell) His book of love A gift from above As was this To so uplift As God’s kiss To touch all hearts As he did his part To help us walk with God With no facade Was Billy thou art To lighten our burdens To help open the curtain Which, separates us for certain To feel the presence of Jesus Christ, for all those hurting To give us hope and strength Reminding us of the power of faith, all in our short time with him spent Armed with his gift from God ever forth he went For the Reverend Billy Graham was such a man Grabbing hearts, as he took our hand A messenger from God in his life span With his Special Gift Which was all this To so uplift His book of love From above A humble man from the South A holy spirit who espoused The word of God, in his voice to all would shout With him we felt the presence of Jesus Christ, inside and out To Save us bringing us to tears no doubt No matter the denomination Or the color of one’s skin, he fought against discrimination And hatred’s abomination my friend As he walked with Dr. King As the Angels up in Heaven they’d sing We are all God’s children in his equation He did not just talk the talk But, throughout his life he walked the walk For in the sonnets of our lives What have our moments comprised? All in our time realized And what have we left behind? Who have we Saved or helped in our time? Did we take or did we give? Because, it’s all about how we’ve lived In our short lives To turn the good from bad, as Billy had To spread the word All in our actions and our deeds Which all else supersedes To give this world what she so needs In that battle as old as time Of GOOD versus EVIL which comes to mind For in our darkest hours, it’s only our faith upon us which showers To strength and courage and hope to find the power To move forth all in that hour While, The Reverend Graham’s faith above all so towered And yet he was such a humble man all throughout his hours So, strengthened by his beliefs, as onward this Christian Soldier battled to achieve A lifetime to Save souls and bring relief To walk with Jesus Christ, he’d speak With his shot heard around the world, to touch almost every woman and man, boy and girl As twelve Presidents counted on him so With his council of love, hope, faith, and peace to help them grow As a Soldier in the Army of our Lord, the path he strode He was put on this earth to help us know The greatest blessings are found in our Lord’s plans we sow For almost 100 years on earth he walked here Because, God knew we needed him far more down here For his was an open tent into everyone who went As we could fill the oceans up with the tears he brought us to A great Crusader who with such passion God’s word pursued Answering his calling, as you could almost hear the Lord saying, I love you As Billy asked us to take that walk of faith so true So, one day with our Lord we could live in Heaven’s hue In Billy’s presence, with God we were always knew The Holy Spirit So, all in him imbued As we could feel it coming through Whether, on a TV screen or listening to a radio, we felt the presence of the Holy Spirit so true Giving us strength Giving us hope Giving us the faith to somehow cope As with each new word Billy spoke The Bible, the word of the Lord he invoked And with it in hand and upon a pulpit he would stand As you could feel the fire and brimstone, but even more the Lord reaching out his hand Telling us you’re not alone Touching every women, child, and man Showing us God’s plan Of resurrection and forgiveness and hope As the love of Christ invoked As thoughts to our Lord and Heaven awoke To take that walk down the aisle, as in that moment we began to smile To be Saved, all in his reassuring southern style As his voice and presence conveyed, such warmth and hope each day So simple, so strong, giving hope to all hearts who so longed As he was an ambassador of the Lord, so mighty and so strong And yet so kind like a love song In sermons out to hearts on Sunday’s poured The word of God to all restore As all across the land in cars to work and churches more On radios in hearts he forged Words of gold to souls as the tears began to pour I know, because I was one of those for sure With his book of love the Angels him must have him so adored And tears of love flowing from our Lord And Billy look at your beautiful family, surely the sum of what love can be Making our Lord up in Heaven happy even more All throughout the world Billy wherever you spoke In heart, the love of Jesus Christ you awoke We will miss you my son, and all that you have done On earth in that war which must be won But, your voice and words and memory lives on Rise Rise, now my son Up to Heaven’s gate as you have come With our Lord’s arms around you, his chosen one With tears in eyes perhaps these words he’s begun ‘‘Billy, you never let me down my blessed son’’ A new Angel in Kingdom Come To serve in The Army of our Lord this one To watch over us day and night America’s son As happily a family reunites up in Heaven’s Sun And now we lay your body down to rest We pray our Lord your soul to bless As you Billy were one of our very best Who touched so many lives and blessed Lifting them up with the gift of love to help them crest And let us remember, this man and his embers, he left behind to warm us in his time in His Book of Love, as we go out in our life’s quests 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.004 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE217 February 26, 2018 
Amen. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. WILLIAM P. BLACK, SR. 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. William Black, lovingly known to Louisianians as Buckskin Bill. He passed away on January 10, 2018, in the comfort of his home and surrounded by family. Mr. Black had an incredible life. He married Elma, his college sweetheart, and was the proud father of three children who survive his memory. Mr. Black was a patriot who hon-orably served in the U.S. Army during the Ko-rean War, and he was a performer at heart. He traveled the country emceeing and per-forming to audiences of troops in order to boost morale. Mr. Black was probably best known for hosting Storyland and the Buckskin Bill Show, shows enjoyed in every household and loved by children across South Lou-isiana—including me. As a kid, I woke up early every Monday morning for Buckskin Bill’s Monday Morning March. I remember thinking I was getting pretty good at it, too. His shows ran for 35 years, and Mr. Black was twice awarded ‘‘Best Children’s Show in the United States’’ by the National Association of Broad-casters. Outside of his television accomplish-ments, his life was marked by a dedication to improving the lives of those around him, from assisting in the foundation of the Baton Rouge Zoo, to promoting the Louisiana School for the Deaf. Mr. Black was truly a man dedicated to his community and endearing children to civic engagement. I am proud to have enjoyed his shows growing up, and I know he will be marching on among the angels in heaven. Buckskin Bill will be fondly remembered by myself, his family, and all the lives he touched through his performances. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COACH LELAND ETZLER 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 78th birthday of coach Leland Etzler of Monroeville, Indiana. From 1965 to 2004, Leland coached the Woodlan Warriors’ Junior/Senior High School football, basketball, and track teams. He finished his football career with an overall record of 287– 117–4. Among his many distinguished achieve-ments at Woodlan, Coach Etzler was named Conference Coach of the Year from 1971 to 1973 and in 1996. Additionally, he was named IFCA Coach of the Year in 1996, and the Ball State Alumni Coach of the Year in 1981. He also orchestrated three perfect seasons in 1965, 1968, 1970, and was a State Runner-up in 1981. In recognition of his accomplishments, Coach Etzler received the National Football Foundation’s Distinguished American Award in 2005, and he was inducted into the Indiana Football Hall of Fame in 2001. I would like to wish a happy birthday to Coach Etzler. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JEFF SEARS, MAN OF THE YEAR FOR THE AN-CIENT ORDER OF HIBERNIANS, DIVISION 2 OF LACKAWANNA COUNTY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeff Sears, who was named Man of the Year by the Ancient Order of Hibernians, Division 2 of Lackawanna County, ‘‘Monsignor Farrell Chapter.’’ Jeff ac-cepted the award during the chapter’s annual banquet on Saturday, February 24. He is the current Vice President of the Monsignor Farrell Chapter and serves the branch as acting president for the late William Pryle. Jeff is a graduate of Saint Rose High School in Carbondale, class of 1971. After graduation, Jeff went straight to work for RCA/ Thomson Consumer Electronics, where he re-mained for 30 years. He went on to work for Auto Parts International after RCA/ Thomson. He currently resides in Moosic, Pennsylvania with his wife, Mary Kay. They have been mar-ried for 46 years and have three children— Cathy, Kelly, and Jeff—and two grandchildren, Julian and Ella. Jeff enjoys golfing in his free time and is an avid New York Yankees fan and a Cincinnati Bengals fan. Jeff has been a very active member of the community. In the Boy Scouts of America, he was an Assistant Scout Leader for Troop 8 and Cub Pack 307. While Jeff was with the Scouts, he attained the Wood Badge, the highest award given to adults. He is a past president of the Mitchell Hose Company in Carbondale. Jeff has served as the Carbondale Pioneer Days Parade Chairman for five years. He is also a life-long member of St. Rose Parrish Church and serves his com-munity of faith as a Eucharistic minister. It is an honor to recognize Jeff as he ac-cepts the Man of the Year Award. I congratu-late him for being honored by the Ancient Order of Hibernians, and I wish him all the best as he continues to serve Lackawanna County. 
f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CHEYNEY UNIVER-SITY’S 1978 NCAA DIVISION II BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the momentous 40th anniversary of Cheyney University’s 1978 NCAA Division II Basketball Championship win. Founded in 1837, Cheyney University has been a true treasure in our Commonwealth for over 180 years. The Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania is the proud home of the first Histori-cally Black College (HBCU) in our nation; it is also the only HBCU in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PASSHE). On March 18th, 2018 Cheyney University will celebrate the 40th anniversary of its nota-ble NCAA Division II Basketball Championship win. The team made history in 1978 when they defeated the University of Wisconsin Green Bay’s team with a score of 47–40 in Springfield, Missouri bringing home the Uni-versity’s first national championship victory. Just as our victorious Super Bowl Cham-pions, the Philadelphia Eagles, defied all the odds to prove that underdogs can and will be victorious so too did the No. 4 ranked Cheyney State College Wolves who defeated the No. 1 ranked Wisconsin Green Bay team in the 1978 NCAA Division II Basketball Championship game. We extend congratulations to the entire 1978 Cheyney Wolves Team which included: John Butts, Duane Coleman, All-American Milt Colston, Tournament MVP Andrew Fields, Kenny Hinson, Jeffrey Hutcherson, Roger Leysath, Gerald Mills, Charles Murphy, Gilbert Saunders, Arthur Stone, and John Walter; under the leadership of Naismith Hall of Fame Coach John Chaney. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania is proud to celebrate and recognize Cheyney University on the 40th anniversary of their historic 1978 NCAA Division II champion-ship win. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call Vote No. 66 on H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018, I mistakenly recorded my vote as YEA when I intended to vote NAY. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. WILLIAM TATE ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. MO BROOKS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. William Tate of Meridianville, Alabama on the occasion of his 90th birthday, and join Mr. Tate’s family and friends in congratulating him on this momen-tous milestone. I sincerely wish Mr. Tate con-tinued good health and contentment. As so many in our community know, Mr. Tate has led an extraordinary life full of ac-complishment and service to others. Through his lifetime, he has shown exemplary dedica-tion to his family, church, and farming commu-nity—all of which are undeniably stronger and more prosperous because of him. Mr. Tate transformed his small family farm into a thriv-ing agritourism business visited by more than 60,000 every year, and all four of his sons have chosen careers in farming—a point of pride for Mr. Tate. Mr. Speaker, parenthetically, my own chil-dren and grandchildren have all enjoyed family and school field trips to Tate Farms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.005 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE218 February 26, 2018 
Mr. Tate’s record of service to our commu-nity is exceptional. He has served in numer-ous civic and industry positions including on the Farm Service Agency Community Com-mittee, Madison County Farmers Federation Board of Directors, Alabama Farmers Federa-tion Cotton Committee, U.S. Department of Agriculture Cotton Board, Alabama Cotton Commission, and Madison County YMCA Board of Directors, just to name a few. As a member of Flint River Baptist Church, Mr. Tate has served as a Sunday School Teacher, Deacon, Trustee, and Deacon Emeritus, among others. Mr. Tate has set a fine exam-ple for others in our community to follow. In closing, I would like to thank Mr. Tate for his contributions to our community, and wish him a very happy 90th birthday. 
f 
*IN RECOGNITION OF TOM M CCOY, PH.D. 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Tom McCoy, Ph.D., Vice Presi-dent of Research and Innovation, as he retires from his position at the University of North Texas. Dr. McCoy joined UNT from his role as Vice President for Research, Creativity and Tech-nology Transfer at Montana State University in July 2013 where he had previously helped MSU reach Carnegie Tier One research sta-tus. In assuming the role at UNT, Dr. McCoy was charged with similar expansion of the uni-versity’s growth, breadth and impact in re-search toward the Tier One status here in Texas. Ultimately, UNT was announced as reaching the classification in February 2016. Additionally, Dr. McCoy ably led UNT’s path forward with the development of the 2017– 2022 Strategic Plan for Research which was approved by the President and submitted to the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board. This was accomplished, along with continued efforts on organization and funding related to the four Institutes of Research Ex-cellence; pursuit of partnerships involving the Army Research Lab and also Denton Munic-ipal Electric; recruitment of targeted research faculty; review of grant management proc-esses; and review and allocation of research facilities and related processes. I have personally appreciated Dr. McCoy’s direct involvement and assistance with the An-nual Energy Efficiency Summit held each July at UNT’s Discovery Park and the educational opportunity it affords the Constituents of the 26th Congressional District and the showcase it provides of UNT’s facilities and research ef-forts. I wish both he and his wife Shari much happiness in their retirement plans. I have been honored to represent them during their time as residents in Texas. IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT J. WASTE HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. Robert J. Waste on the oc-casion of his retirement as Director of UC Davis Health’s Government and Community Relations Program. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Waste for his leadership and commitment to UC Davis Health, as well as for his dedication to the strength of the greater Sacramento region. Since joining UC Davis Health (UCDH) eight years ago, Mr. Waste has been instrumental in building the Government and Community Relations Program into what it is today. His leadership has led to such revolutionary projects as the creation of the UCDH Infant Cord Blood Banking Program, the Burn Out-come Research Institute, and the UCDH Cen-ter for Behavioral Health Excellence—the multi-year Mental Health Collaborative that re-sulted in strengthening Sacramento County crisis mental health services. In addition to his work in UC Davis Health’s Government and Community Relations Pro-gram, Mr. Waste has also been an active member of the Sacramento community. Mr. Waste’s experience includes service as chair and member of the City of Sacramento Plan-ning Commission, membership on the Sac-ramento Heritage Board, and chair of the City of Sacramento Campaign Reform Commis-sion. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to pay tribute to Mr. Robert Waste, outgoing Di-rector of UC Davis Health’s Government and Community Relations Program, as his friends and colleagues celebrate his well-earned re-tirement. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring his tenacity and dedication on behalf of the Government and Community Relations Program, as well as his dedication to the Sac-ramento region. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS HOWARD 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Thomas Howard for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. The son of Bob and Susan, Thomas is a sophomore at Bishop O’Connell High School in Arlington, VA. Thomas has been an active member of Cub Scout Pack 194 and Boy Scout Troop 648. He is an active leader on the local and national level, most notably serv-ing as Patrol Leader at the National Jam-boree. He currently serves as Junior Assistant Scout Master for his Troop. For Thomas’ Eagle Service Project, he led a team of scouts, friends, and adults to create thirty-seven, 2x3′ environmental awareness poster puzzles for the Fairfax County Park Au-thority and invested over two-hundred and thir-ty-four service hours. With his dedication and leadership, every Park Authority building in the county now has access to these learning tools. In addition to scouting, Thomas is an altar server at St. Thomas More Cathedral, a Na-tional SeaPerch competitor, and Mission Man-ager for Bishop O’Connell’s ThinSat satellite program. I am honored to recognize Thomas for his achievement and wish him all the best in his continuing education. f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD HEARING DAY 2018 
HON. DAVID B. McKINLEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, as Co-Chair of the Congressional Hearing Healthcare Cau-cus, I rise today to recognize World Hearing Day, which is held on March 3rd of each year to provide awareness focused on the impor-tance of hearing preservation, hearing loss identification, and treatment. This day, found-ed by the World Health Organization, moves the needle as it relates to hearing healthcare in the United States. Hearing plays a critical role in one’s quality of life and personal safety. We rely on hearing to feel connected to the world around us. Over 37 million adults in America suffer from hear-ing loss, and we’re . seeing a growing number of children as well. Hearing loss has been tied to depression, economic hardship, and under-lying medical conditions. Hearing aids are a proven method of rehabilitation for the majority of those who have lost their ability to hear. Yet just 30 percent of those who could be helped by hearing aids use them. That’s why I joined my colleague from Cali-fornia, Mr. T
HOMPSON , in introducing H. Res. 740, which expresses support for the designa-tion of March 3rd as World Hearing Day, and recognizes the importance of hearing loss pre-vention and hearing healthcare access. I en-courage my colleagues in the House to co- sponsor this resolution, and encourage all Americans to take appropriate steps to protect their hearing. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHARMAINE KELLY 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of the accomplishments and the public service record of Palm Beach County’s Chief Deputy Supervisor of Elections, Charmaine Kelly. Ms. Kelly began her career with the Super-visor of Elections office as an election day worker, her earnings donated to a local charity in which she was active. Noticing the talent and excitement of this young volunteer, the Supervisor of Elections office recruited her to work part-time, and then full-time, as an elections specialist. That was 35 years ago. Ms. Kelly oversaw voting and voter registra-tion in Palm Beach County, the third largest county in Florida and the 28th most populous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.011 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE219 February 26, 2018 
in the nation. As the Chief Deputy Supervisor of Elections, she is the highest ranking non- elected public servant in the office. She has served under four elected Supervisors through nine Presidential elections, 17 congressional and state elections and countless municipal and local district elections. Ms. Kelly has mentored a generation of young people in the importance of protecting the process of voter registration and voter par-ticipation. If any Supervisor or Supervisor of Elections employee has a question from around the state, Ms. Kelly is on their speed dial and will always help find the answer or solution. Today I ask this body to recognize Ms. Kelly as she begins her well-deserved retirement. Ms. Kelly represents the best of public serv-ants and I, along with the citizens of Palm Beach County and the State of Florida, thank her for her service protecting our right to vote and assuring that our vote counts. 
f 
THURSTON SMITH RECEIVES DIS-TINGUISHED SERVICE-COMMU-NITY SERVICE AWARD FROM THE VVC FOUNDATION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Thurston ‘‘Smitty’’ Smith, who was awarded the Distinguished Service-Community Service Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation on February 24, 2018. Smitty was selected for this award because of his distinguished career as a public servant. As a former member of the Hesperia City Council, Smitty devoted countless hours of his time and expertise to economic and urban de-velopment of the city. He was instrumental in the completion of the Hesperia Civic Plaza Park, Ranchero Underpass, and Ranchero Bridge project. In addition to his work in Hesperia, Smitty serves on the Mojave Water Agency’s Board of Directors, chairs the Victor Valley Bicycle Tour, and is active with several non-profit organizations. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to congratulate Thurston ‘‘Smitty’’ Smith for receiving the Distinguished Service-Community Service Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation. It is a well- deserved and long-overdue honor. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF MS. KATE HITCHCOCK TO THE UNITED STATES CON-GRESS AND CALIFORNIA’S 11TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT IN THE SPRING OF 2018 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional young woman who is spending the spring semester interning in my Washington, D.C. office. Ms. Kate Hitch-cock came to our office as part of the Uni- Capitol Washington Internship Programme (UCWIP), and has been a valuable contributor to our efforts on behalf of California’s Eleventh Congressional District. Since 2000, UCWIP has worked with con-gressional offices to foster strong ties and un-derstanding between the United States and Australian governments by bringing the best and the brightest from top Australian univer-sities to intern on Capitol Hill. I am proud to be involved in this wonderful program for the third year in a row. Kate Hitchcock, a student from the Univer-sity of Canberra, has quickly proved herself to be a highly valuable member of our team. She has drafted legislative requests, attended briefings, written constituent mail, and re-searched important issues, among many other duties. She consistently displays a deep de-sire to learn and treats everyone she encoun-ters with respect. Her hard work and dedica-tion is an asset to our office and the Eleventh Congressional District. Kate has learned about the United States and the U.S. Congress, and our team has learned a great deal from Kate about her na-tive country. She is a pleasure to have in the office and I offer her my thanks for a job well done. I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavors. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE UNI-VERSAL PREKINDERGARTEN AND EARLY CHILDHOOD EDU-CATION ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce a bill similar to one I have introduced in five previous Congresses, the Universal Pre-kindergarten and Early Childhood Education Act of 2018. This bill is particularly important today because recent reports indicate that Americans are limiting the number of children they have due to the cost of child care. My bill begins the process of providing universal pre-kindergarten education in public and public charter schools in states that have or plan to phase in or are phasing in prekindergarten education for three-and four-year-old children. The District of Columbia has made consider-able strides since I first introduced this bill, but today’s bill is still needed to fill a hole in the ‘‘Every Student Succeeds Act,’’ which ad-dresses elementary and secondary education, but ignores the prekindergarten years, the most critical years for children’s brain develop-ment. My bill also seeks a breakthrough in public education by providing the initial funding for states to encourage local school districts to add prekindergarten for children at three or four years of age, whereas kindergarten pro-grams for five year olds are now routinely available in public schools. This bill would eliminate some of the major shortcomings of unevenly available ‘‘day care’’ and, impor-tantly, would take advantage of the safe facili-ties required in public schools. Unless early education becomes a necessary part of a child’s education, it almost surely will continue to be unavailable to the majority of families with children. My bill provides federal funds to states, which must be matched by at least 20 percent with the state’s own funds, to establish or ex-pand universal, voluntary prekindergarten in public and public charter schools for three-and four-year-olds, regardless of income. The classes, which would be full-day and run throughout the entire school year, must be taught by teachers who possess equivalent or similar qualifications to those teaching other grades in the school. The funds would supple-ment, not supplant, other federal funds for early childhood education. The unique money- saving aspect of my bill is that it uses the ex-isting public school infrastructure and trained teachers to make early childhood education available to all, saving billions of dollars in its implementation. The success of Head Start and other pre-kindergarten programs, combined with new scientific evidence concerning the importance of brain development in early childhood, vir-tually mandate the expansion of early child-hood education to all children today. Early learning programs have been available only to the affluent, who can afford them, and to low- income families in programs such as Head Start, which would be unaffected by my bill. My bill provides a practical way to universal, public preschool education for the majority of families. The goal of the bill is to afford the benefits of early childhood education to the majority of the American working poor, lower- middle-class and middle-class families, most of whom have been left out of this essential education for their children. We cannot afford to continue to allow the most fertile years for childhood development to pass, only to wonder why a child cannot read. The bill responds both to the great needs of parents who seek early childhood education, as well as to today’s brain science, which shows that a child’s brain development begins much earlier than had been previously understood. Considering the staggering cost of day care, the inaccessibility of early childhood education and the opportunity that early education offers to improve a child’s chances of success, schooling for three-and four-year-olds is over-due. The absence of viable options for work-ing families demands our immediate attention. My bill reflects what jurisdictions throughout the nation increasingly are trying to accom-plish. The District of Columbia, for example, has achieved an extensive integration of early childhood education as part of a larger effort to improve D.C. public schools. A recent re-port highlighted the economic benefits of early childhood education, emphasizing its role in expanding job opportunities and decreasing the amount of money spent on programs to address teen pregnancy, crime and the like. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
FRED HUNTER RECEIVE PRESI-DENT’S AWARD FROM THE VVC FOUNDATION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Fred Hunter, who received the Presi-dent’s Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation on February 24, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.016 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE220 February 26, 2018 
Fred was selected for this prestigious award because of his selfless contributions to Victor Valley College and local community. As the Chief Executive Officer for the Desert Valley Hospital/Desert Valley Medical Group, Fred spearheaded a partnership with VVC to assist students in pursuing careers in the field of nursing. This partnership provided not only fi-nancial assistance to these students, but also three-year employment contracts with Desert Valley Hospital. If that wasn’t enough, Fred personally mentors and tutors nursing stu-dents in the program to ensure their success. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to congratulate Fred Hunter for receiving the President’s Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation. He is truly deserving of this honor and I thank him for his willingness to give back to his High Desert community. 
f 
ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposi-tion to H.R. 620, the latest Republican attack on our family, friends, neighbors, and co-work-ers with disabilities. Just as they did with cuts to Medicaid for people with disabilities, Repub-licans are once again demonstrating the cru-elty of their backwards agenda. Nearly three decades ago, the American’s with Disabilities Act (ADA) was passed and basic civil rights were guaranteed for persons with disabilities. Like the Civil Rights Act, the goal of the ADA was to remove ‘‘unjustified segregation and exclusion of persons with dis-abilities’’ in public accommodations such as hotels, restaurants, and theaters. The ADA did not enable individuals to bring lawsuits against public accommodations for non-compliance; however, many states have expanded these rights. If there are abuses, the states can and should solve these issues. H.R. 620 undermines the basic goals of the ADA by creating a disincentive for voluntary compliance of business owners and creating burdensome requirements for individuals to bring a private lawsuit for noncompliance. Contrary to what its supporters claim, H.R. 620 would create unnecessary hurdles for vic-tims of discrimination to file an ADA claim. Over its nearly 30 year history, the ADA has been a monumental success story. But in-stead of building on that success, this Repub-lican bill makes it harder for people with dis-abilities to protect their right to access public accommodations. I have heard from countless people with dis-abilities in Minnesota who are unified in their opposition to this Republican bill. I stand with them, and numerous groups representing peo-ple with disabilities, seniors, and veterans, op-posing this harmful legislation that rolls back the ADA and Americans’ civil rights. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 620. f 
RECOGNIZING GRACE HERSCHELMAN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Rare Disease Day, I’m proud to recognize Grace Herschelman, a six-year-old from Hills-boro, Illinois who continues to be an inspira-tion for thousands across Illinois. When Grace was three-years-old, she was diagnosed with Infantile Neuraxonal Dys-trophy, a neurodegenerative disease that re-sults in a loss of muscle strength, movement, and the ability to speak. At the time of her di-agnosis, there were only 10 documented cases of INAD in the nation, and most children with this disease do not make it to their 10th birthday. Throughout her diagnosis and regular ther-apy treatments, Grace and her family have been a source of inspiration throughout Illinois. They have increased awareness for this rare and terminal disease, and have raised more than $175,000 for research, with donors com-ing from all 50 states. Grace and her family’s story is just one ex-ample of why I support increased funding for the National Institutes of Health and legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act. Thousands of Americans are afflicted with rare diseases like INAD, and we as a nation must work to en-sure that better treatment, cures, and hope are prioritized and possible for these patients and their families. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF GWEN YORK 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Gwen York who dedicated her life to advance the goals of Transportation Workers Union (TWA) and the Texas Amer-ican Federation of Laborers and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL–CIO). As Direc-tor of Transport Workers Union International Committee on Political Education, Gwen’s contribution to the TWA and AFL–CIO are in-calculable due to the combination of her un-wavering dedication and prudent leadership. For these reasons and more, Gwen will be re-membered as an integral part of the Transport Workers Union, a beloved member of the Texas AFL–CIO Executive Board, an out-standing organizer and a passionate voice for working families across the state. Gwen York was born December 27, 1956, in Houston, Texas. Soon after her first birth-day, her family relocated to Garland, Texas where she would spend much of her life. Gwen graduated from South Garland High School in 1974, and attended the University of Texas at Austin. In 1980, Gwen opted to be-come a flight attendant, an occupation she loved dearly. However, she never forgot the importance of education, when she decided to return to school and graduate from the Na-tional Labor College in 2006. Gwen’s passion, experience, and tenacity made her a unique and irreplaceable advocate for labor rights. Gwen’s laser focus on the fu-ture of labor as well disrupting the status quo prompted her to undertake the task of men-toring the next generation of union activists. She dedicated her time to mentoring young women, who she believed would serve as a new stream of activists that would help renew the labor advocacy movement and push it into the 21st century and beyond. Today, we recognize Gwen York for her leadership, dedication, and lifelong work with the Transport Workers Union and the Texas American Federation of Laborers and Con-gress of Industrial Organizations. I honor the life of Gwen York, a cornerstone of the labor movement and an exemplar of women’s leadership. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on February 13th and the first vote Series on February 14th because of an engagement in the Central Valley of CA. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 70—H.R. 4533; YEA on Roll Call No. 71—H.R. 4979; YEA on Roll Call No. 72—H. Res. 736 Previous Question; YEA on Roll Call No. 73—H. Res. 736; YEA on Roll Call No. 74—H.R. 3542; and YEA on Roll Call No. 75—H. Res. 129. 
f 
HONORING THE URBAN LEAGUE OF GREATER MADISON ON THE ORGANIZATION’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Urban League of Greater Madison as the organization celebrates its 50th Anniversary. Since its founding on February 20, 1968, the Urban League of Greater Madison has championed the educational and professional advancement of the city’s African-American population. In the earliest years of its oper-ation, the organization excelled at developing programs to provide skills training and job placement, more than tripling the number of employees of color working for the City of Madison. Over the last fifty years, the Urban League of Greater Madison has maintained excep-tional programming, despite a number of chal-lenges. Through the development of partner-ships with community leaders and local busi-nesses, the Urban League of Greater Madison has continued to enhance its operations and has expanded its outreach in minority and im-migrant communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.020 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE221 February 26, 2018 
In recent years, the Urban League of Great-er Madison has been at the forefront of fight-ing for equality in our community with its vision to make Greater Madison the ‘‘Best in the Midwest’’ for everyone to live, learn, and work by 2020. Last year, the organization launched a campaign to place 1,500 low-income job seekers into career pathway employment by 2020, continuing its long legacy of advocating for economic justice and opportunity. Through its efforts to pursue education, em-ployment, and empowerment, the Urban League of Greater Madison has remained committed to fighting for progress and our fu-ture. It is my honor to now recognize the Urban League of Greater Madison in celebra-tion of its 50th Anniversary and I wish them many more years of success. 
f 
SID HULTQUIST SELECTED FOR INDUCTION TO THE VICTOR VAL-LEY COLLEGE ALUMNI HALL OF FAME 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Sid Hultquist, who was selected for in-duction to the Victor Valley College Alumni Hall of Fame. As an alumnus of VVC, Sid be-came a fixture in the Victor Valley and distin-guished himself as a leader and public serv-ant. During his 38 years of fire service, Sid worked for nearly every firefighting agency in the High Desert. Under Sid’s guidance as Fire Chief for the Apple Valley Fire Protection Dis-trict, the agency was able to secure additional funding to hire new firefighters and reduce crit-ical response times for town residents. Un-doubtedly, the training he received at VVC was instrumental in helping Sid excel in many areas of his career. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to congratulate Sid Hultquist for his induction to the Victor Valley College Alumni Hall of Fame. I couldn’t think of a bet-ter honor for someone who gave so much to his community. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE ANNIVER-SARIES OF TWO TRAGEDIES IN AZERBAIJAN 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, as Co-Chair-man of the Congressional Azerbaijan Caucus, I would like to take time to recognize the anni-versaries of two tragedies in the history of this great American ally. On January 20th 1990, heavily-armed So-viet troops stormed the capital city of Baku in a final attempt to quell anti-communist upris-ing. The day is most commonly known as ‘‘Black January’’ due to the terrible human losses and subsequent military rule. 26,000 soldiers fired into crowds of civilians targeting women, children, hospitals, and ambulances. Fighting lasted for three days and resulted in 131 fatalities, over 600 injuries, 841 arrests where detainees were subject to torture, and to this day an unknown number are still miss-ing. These horrific acts did not have their de-sired effect in the slightest on Azerbaijan who won independence less than two years later. The second occurred on this day, February 26, twenty-six years ago in the city of Khojaly where several thousand ethnic Azerbaijani people were trapped in a blockade by Arme-nian troops seeking to lay claim to the Nagorno-Karabakh region. Citizens of the city were told that they may escape if they left im-mediately but regardless, hundreds of inno-cent citizens, including women, children, and the elderly, were brutally murdered or taken prisoner on that day. This was the largest massacre as part of a conflict that is still ongo-ing. As the first nation to lend its support to the United States following the attacks of Sep-tember 11th, so too does Azerbaijan deserve our support and condolences for their losses. These were terrible crimes against humanity which we must never forget, and I urge my colleagues to commemorate them on this day. f 
IN HONOR OF MARK SCARANO, FEDERAL CO-CHAIR OF THE NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my good friend Mark Scarano as he steps down after nearly three years as Federal Co-Chair of the North-ern Border Regional Commission (NBRC). Through his service on the Commission, Mark has continued his life’s work as a community economic developer serving areas that are most in need of support. Mark got his start in this field in Millinocket, Maine, and later in Piscataquis County. We in New Hampshire were fortunate that he came next to Grafton County, where for eight years he led its Re-gional Development Corporation and signifi-cantly expanded workforce development and entrepreneurship programs. In 2015, I was tremendously proud to sup-port President Obama’s nomination of Mark to co-chair the NBRC, and his unanimous con-firmation by the Senate was a testament to his stellar reputation and achievements. He has proved more than worthy of that honor, as he has been a tireless leader, steward, and advo-cate of the Commission’s important work dur-ing a period of tightening budgets and the emergence of new challenges, like the opioid epidemic, which are threatening our rural economy and its development. Ten years after it was first authorized, the Northern Border Regional Commission con-tinues to play a critical role in driving the eco-nomic growth and community development in some of New Hampshire’s most economically distressed communities. It supports projects that create and sustain jobs, tackle workforce development, infrastructure, telecommuni-cations, healthcare, culture, and much more. Mark has worked diligently during his tenure to streamline processes and procedures and maximize the impact of the Commission. Through his excellent leadership, Mark has been an invaluable resource to the Granite State and improved the lives of thousands who have relied on projects championed by the Commission. On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Mark for his many years of dedicated service to the Granite State and the Northeast. His achievements will continue to benefit our state for years to come. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Mark, and wish him the very best of luck in the years ahead. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DENNISON MEMORIAL COMMU-NITY CENTER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 150th Anniversary of the Dennison Memorial Community Center. The Dennison Memorial Community Center has been serving our area since 1868, when the New Bedford Ladies City Mission was offi-cially incorporated by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Their mission was to care for the less fortunate through free dental clinics, public baths, and social activities. Named after Rev. Tristan Dennison, the heart and soul of the organization, this center became a pillar of the community. Today this center continues to serve the people of New Bedford, equipped with a rec-reational center, daycare, academic assist-ance and more. Dennison is made up of an in-credible, multi-lingual staff working tirelessly to strengthen the city of New Bedford. Wel-coming children and teens, age 6 to 16, there is no doubt the center will continue to have a major impact on the success of the next gen-eration. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the 150th anniversary of the Dennison Memorial Com-munity Center for their dedication to bettering their community. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking them for their invaluable serv-ice and wishing them all the best in the many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF REV-EREND DR. BERTRAND MAURICE BAILEY, SR. 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life of a man of staunch faith, Reverend Dr. Bertrand Bailey, Sr. Reverend Bailey was born to the late Reverend Dr. Mauual Lee Bailey and Dr. Bertha Mae Bailey in McKinney, Texas. At the age of 16, Rev. Bailey answered the call to commit his life to preaching and serving his community through ministry. Pastor Bailey went on to not only receive a Bachelor of Arts degree with a double major in philos-ophy and religion from Bishop College; but also two honorary degrees from Short College and Jackson’s Theological Seminary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.025 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE222 February 26, 2018 
For over 30 years, Rev. Bailey served as pastor at St. Andrew Baptist Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Under his leadership and spiritual guidance, the congregation grew both in num-bers and in Spirit. Rev. Bailey has served as a guest revivalist for citywide and local church revivals in Douglassville, Texas and across the nation. A published author, Rev. Bailey has released several books along with re-corded music and preaching CD’s. During his tenure, Rev. Bailey oversaw renovations to the sanctuary and fellowship hall to better serve the needs of the congregation. This included increasing accessibility through building handi-cap bathrooms. Additionally, many ministries have grown from his leadership and passion for the Lord. From the very beginning, he dedicated his 11 children to God, four of which went on to become ordained reverends themselves, in-cluding my pastor Dr. Bertrand M. Bailey, Jr. He is survived by his wife, of over 41 years, Mrs. Juandalyn J. Bailey and their children: Bertricia, Bertrand Jr., Bertrain, Bertheophilus, Bertshalyn, Bertjuanette, Bertholomew, BerTabitha, Bertrick, and BerThaddaeus, Bertrina (deceased) and his brother, Samuel L. Bailey; 17 grandchildren; a host of nieces and nephews. Although he has returned to his Heavenly Home, the works and seeds he planted on Earth continue to grow and pros-per. And we are all better people having known him and stood in his light. 
f 
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. PAYNE. There was a time when mo-ments of silence, and thoughts and prayers meant something. That time has long passed. The Columbine High School massacre was nearly two decades ago. Sandy Hook was over five years ago. The Sutherland Springs and Las Vegas shootings were last year. Yet Congress did nothing to end gun violence in the United States. How many lives must be sacrificed at the altar of the gun lobby before Congress says enough is enough? Mass shootings have become all too com-mon, and ordinary acts of violence are per-petrated on the streets every day. In fact, more Americans have died from guns in the United States since Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was assassinated than in all the wars this country has fought—starting with the American Revolution. Each day in this country, ninety-six Ameri-cans are killed with guns. Seven of those peo-ple are children and teenagers. And Black men are thirteen times more likely than a white man to be shot and killed with a gun. Gun safety is a civil rights issue. It is a human rights issue. Congress needs to take immediate action on the dozens of reasonable gun-safety bills pending in this legislative body. We must ban semiautomatic assault weapons. We must stop the online sale of bulk ammunition. And we need to strengthen and mandate universal background checks. But there’s something else Congress can and must do. Congress must find creative ways to encourage people in the United States to voluntarily disarm. Research has shown that greater numbers of firearms result in higher numbers of firearm-related deaths. Over the past two weeks, reports and viral videos have shown many law-abiding gun owners expressing buyers’ remorse and de-stroying their firearms. There is a movement underway in this country among gun owners to purge their firearms—particularly semiauto-matic assault weapons—before they can be used to harm people. That’s why I introduced the Safer Neighbor-hoods Gun Buyback Act of 2017 (H.R. 3613) last year—to encourage people to voluntarily disarm. Gun buyback programs have proven their worth in communities across the United States. Law enforcement supports safe gun buyback programs. And research has shown that fewer guns means fewer gun deaths. By providing grants to fund gun buyback pro-grams, Congress can incentivize Americans to do the right thing and safely dispose of their semiautomatic assault weapons. There are dozens of gun safety bills active in this body that would make our streets, our schools, and our homes safer. It’s time for us to declare never again. Congress cannot con-tinue to do nothing. People are dying. We must do better by our children. f 
RECOGNIZING ‘‘BLACK JANUARY’’ AND THE KHOJALY MASSACRE 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate two tragic events in Azerbaijani history. 2018 marks the 28th anniversary of the ‘‘Black January’’ killings and the 26th anni-versary of the Khojaly massacre. On January 19, 1990, the U.S.S.R. Su-preme Soviet Presidium declared a state of emergency in response to the growing na-tional independence movement in Azerbaijan, and Soviet troops moved into the Azerbaijani capital of Baku. They fired indiscriminately at peaceful demonstrators, and destroyed critical infrastructure, like medical facilities. When So-viet troops left the city on January 20, more than 130 people were dead, over 700 were in-jured, 841 were arrested, and five were miss-ing. Human Rights Watch released a report on the incident, later named Black January, stat-ed that, ‘‘indeed the violence used by the So-viet Army on the night of January 19–20 con-stitutes an exercise in collective punishment. The punishment inflicted on Baku by Soviet soldiers may have been intended as a warning to nationalists, not only in Azerbaijan, but in other Republics of the Soviet Union.’’ On February 26, 1992, Armenian troops de-scended on the town of Khojaly, located in the Nagomo-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan. Dur-ing their advance, Armenian armed forces massacred over 600 unarmed people, includ-ing 106 women and 83 children, and left less than 2,000 survivors. Hundreds more became disabled due to their horrific injuries. More than one hundred children lost a parent and 25 children lost both parents. At least 8 fami-lies were completely killed. The Armenia-Azer-baijan conflict remains unresolved. In spite of these tragedies, Azerbaijan has emerged as an independent nation with a growing economy. It is also a strong ally of the United States; U.S.-Azerbaijani cooperation ef-forts include playing a leadership role in non-proliferation issues; providing troops to serve shoulder-to-shoulder with U.S. forces in Kosovo, Iraq, and Afghanistan; allowing transit of non-lethal equipment used by coalition forces through Azerbaijan to Afghanistan; con-struction of the Southern Gas Corridor from the Caspian Sea to Italy, thereby providing Europe with an alternative to Russian energy sources; and supplying 40 percent of Israel’s oil. Azerbaijan also has a thriving Jewish com-munity and is an ally of America’s ally Israel. I urge my colleagues to recognize the sac-rifices of the Azerbaijani people in their steps toward a free market economy and democ-racy, and to work together to facilitate peace in the Azerbaijan-Armenia conflict. f 
HONORING THE YEARS OF SERV-ICE OF THE USS ‘‘IOWA’’ TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
HON. NANETTE DIAZ BARRAGA´N 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following proclamation to commend the USS Iowa for her seventy-five years of service to the United States of Amer-ica; Saturday, February 24, will be her 75th anniversary: Whereas the USS Iowa is a national treas-ure to the United States, having protected the country during both World War II, and the Ko-rean War; and Whereas the USS Iowa served our country over fifty years and designated as the ‘‘World’s Greatest Naval Ship’’; and Whereas the USS Iowa has welcomed and escorted our nation’s Commander in Chief on many occcasions, no other battleship has been host to more U.S. Presidents than the Iowa; and Whereas the USS Iowa has earned fourteen different ribbons and received numerous Com-mand Excellence Awards over her fifty years of service; and Whereas the USS Iowa continues to serve the United States as a living monument that highlights our nation’s rich naval history; and Whereas seventy-five years of continued service deserves the highest marks; and Now, therefore, I commend the USS Iowa and all who served and continue to serve on this beautiful vessel, for seventy-five honor-able years. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE KHOJALY TRAGEDY 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today be-cause Azerbaijan has been a reliable friend and valuable partner of the United States, and it is appropriate for Congress to commemorate the victims of the Khojaly tragedy as our Azer-baijani friends mark the 26th anniversary of the event. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.030 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE223 February 26, 2018 
We remember the 613 Azerbaijani men, women, and children killed in Khojaly on Feb-ruary 25 and 26, 1992. Continuing to mark the anniversary of such a tragedy is always dif-ficult, but it is critical that we spend time hon-oring the precious lives lost. The Government of Azerbaijan continues to partner with the United States in counter-ter-rorism efforts, and the country has made meaningful strides its short history as an inde-pendent nation to promote economic develop-ment regionally, including its efforts in consti-tuting the ‘‘New Silk Road.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in remembering the town and people of Khojaly who died on those fateful days and in offering our deepest condolences to Azer-baijan on this tragic anniversary. 
f 
CITY OF BURIEN’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PRAMILA JAYAPAL 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud today to join in the celebration of the 25th An-niversary of the City of Burien in Washington’s seventh congressional district. The story of Burien’s incorporation begins with a desire for the people to have their voices heard. Nestled between the peaceful waters of the Puget Sound and the bustle of Sea-Tac Airport, Burien’s residents felt under-represented as impacted communities of the airport. Through determination and organizing, the residents were able to reclaim their own agency and set forth on a path to incorpora-tion and representation. The City’s vision com-mits to, ‘‘A vibrant and creative community, where the residents embrace diversity, cele-brate arts and culture, promote vitality, and treasure the environment.’’ This vision has guided Burien long before its incorporation. Driven by family and immigrant owned businesses, Burien is ever expanding and innovating new opportunities for its peo-ple. Together, long time Burien residents, Americans and immigrants from places like Vietnam and Mexico form a tight-knit city that bustles with traditional foods, celebrations, and neighborly spirit. These communities have laid a foundation for Burien to thrive. Burien’s investment in a just and sustain-able city for all has been critical in the fight against climate change and will continue to be critical as we transition to a future powered by renewable energy. Individuals such as Burien’s first mayor Dr. Arun Jhaveri have been leading Burien in climate solutions like solar centering a commitment to clean air, clean water and healthy communities. With over 50,000 residents and over 50 dif-ferent languages spoken, Burien brings people together across difference to celebrate what we have in common, whether basking in the glow of giant illuminated flower sculptures at Dottie Harper Park for Arts-A-Glow, dancing in the streets for Pride Fest, or eating strawberry shortcake while checking out vintage cars at Strawberry Days. Mr. Speaker, my hope for Burien is to con-tinue growing with compassion, love and un-derstanding. To harness the power of collec-tive action and grow in ways that supports their vision for a brighter, more inclusive, and sustainable future. With the election of Jimmy Matta, Burien’s first Latino mayor and this pas-sionate City Council, will lead a vision of unity and strength for Burien’s community. Together this community will tackle challenges with grace and courage ensuring that we leave the world a little better for our youth. A legacy that we can celebrate with pride. I again offer congratulations to all in the City of Burien on their 25th anniversary and wish them the best for your next 25 years. f 
FALLEN K–9 OFFICER RONY— HOUSTON POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 26, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the radio blared, a criminal was on the loose. K–9 Officer Rony and his fellow officers of the Houston Police Department (HPD) re-sponded to the call, ready to take down a das-tardly villain. The crook led the officers on a vehicle pursuit, throwing contraband from his car and intentionally ramming an HPD patrol car. Suddenly, the criminal bailed out of the sto-len vehicle, leaving K–9 Rony to pursue the criminal on foot, through a heavily wooded area. As he chased the suspect at full speed, one of K–9 Rony’s legs became entangled on a fallen log. Despite multiple breaks in his leg, K–9 Rony attempted to continue his pursuit. Always a fighter, he was simply in too much pain. His handler rushed him to an emergency animal hospital. Prior to this accident, K–9 Rony had experi-enced the pain of arthritis in his other three legs from chasing outlaws. Losing a limb would have only put him in more suffering. His team made the heartbreaking decision. K–9 Rony would be put down. K–9 Rony gave his life to the thin blue line, helping chase down and apprehend a vile criminal. He was a faithful servant of the Houston Police Department and the people of Houston. He served the department for seven years and had over 250 captures. Rony was known as one of the best K–9 officers the de-partment had, and he will be dearly missed. Mr. Speaker, we are eternally grateful for our police officers and their furry counterparts in their commitment to keeping our commu-nities safe from criminals. K–9 officers like Rony are of the highest caliber, and we salute him for his service. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 27, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 28 9:45 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2434, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs, S. 292, to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of prom-ising childhood cancer treatments, S. 2278, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas, and S. 1091, to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grand-children. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1520, to expand recreational fishing opportuni-ties through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and the nominations of Joseph Simons, of Vir-ginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Mary-land, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner, and Jeffrey DeWit, of Arizona, to be Chief Financial Officer, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. SD–106 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 1142, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects, S. 1556, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to use designated funding to pay for construction of au-thorized rural water projects, S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the convey-ance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 2166, to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish re-covery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the imple-mentation of those programs, and H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hy-dropower facility. SD–366 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the nomination of Michael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.034 E26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE224 February 26, 2018 
the Intelligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. SD–342 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of The American Legion. SD–G50 3:30 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine seeking jus-tice for and securing the legacy of Boris Nemtsov. SD–138 MARCH 1 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lieutenant General Paul M. Nakasone, USA, to be general and Di-rector, National Security Agency/ Chief, Central Security Service/Com-mander, United States Cyber Com-mand, Department of Defense, and Brent K. Park, of Tennessee, to be Dep-uty Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Se-curity Administration, and Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Manage-ment), both of the Department of En-ergy. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Semi-annual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine private sector and government chal-lenges and opportunities to promote the cyber security and resiliency of our nation’s critical energy infrastructure. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s framework for rebuilding in-frastructure in America. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Robert Frank Pence, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Finland, Department of State, and Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the Euro-pean Bank for Reconstruction and De-velopment. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the role of Federal managers in hiring. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida, Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, and Billy J. Williams, to be United States Attorney for the Dis-trict of Oregon, Mark S. James, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Missouri, Daniel C. Mosteller, to be United States Marshal for the District of South Dakota, and Jesse Seroyer, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Ala-bama, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10:15 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of positive train control. SR–253 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 MARCH 6 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine worldwide threats; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session. SH–216 MARCH 7 2 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the Eco-nomic Report of the President. SH–216 
POSTPONEMENTS 
FEBRUARY 28 2:30 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold hearings to examine S. 2421, to amend the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an ex-emption from certain notice require-ments and penalties for releases of haz-ardous substances from animal waste at farms. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26FE8.000 E26FEPT1
D190 Monday, February 26, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senator Peters read Washington’s Farewell Address. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1199–S1222 Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2451–2452.
                                     Page S1219 
Measures Reported: S. 1281, to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–209) S. 1884, to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding incidents of terrorism, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–210) S. 1791, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance pay-able to a former President. (S. Rept. No. 115–211) 
                                                                                            Page S1219 
Measures Passed: Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-ate agreed to H. Con. Res. 103, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of vic-tims of the Holocaust.
                                            Page S1222 
Authorizing the Use of the Rotunda of the Cap-itol: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 107, authorizing Reverend Billy Graham to lie in honor in the ro-tunda of the Capitol.
                                               Page S1222 
Branch Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.                  Pages S1204–12 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 72 yeas to 22 nays (Vote No. 37), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S1208 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 27, 2018, and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S1222 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1219 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1219–21 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements:
                                Pages S1218–19 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1221–22 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—37)
                                                                   Page S1208 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:41 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 27, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1222.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D191 February 26, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5085–5098; and 3 resolutions, H. Res.749–751 were introduced.
                   Pages H1265–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1267–68 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 805, to authorize the conveyance of and re-move the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California (H. Rept. 115–579); H.R. 835, to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument (H. Rept. 115–580); H.R. 4134, to redesignate the White Clouds Wil-derness in the Sawtooth and Challis National Forests in the State of Idaho as the Cecil D. Andrus-White Clouds Wilderness in honor of former Idaho Gov-ernor and Secretary of the Interior Cecil D. Andrus (H. Rept. 115–581); H. Res. 747, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4296) to place requirements on oper-ational risk capital requirements for banking organi-zations established by an appropriate Federal bank-ing agency, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regulators perform a comprehensive review of regulations to identify out-dated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory require-ments imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–582); and H. Res. 748, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploi-tation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–583).
                            Page H1265 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Newhouse to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H1229 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:20 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1231 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Vincent DeRosa, St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H1231 Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:47 p.m.
                                                   Page H1232 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act: S. 772, amended, to amend the PROTECT Act to make In-dian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants; 
                                                                                    Pages H1233–34 
Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act: H.R. 767, amended, to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system;
      Pages H1234–36 
Military Injury Surgical Systems Integrated Operationally Nationwide to Achieve ZERO Pre-ventable Deaths Act: H.R. 880, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assign-ment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers;
    Pages H1236–38 
Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act: H.R. 1222, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public edu-cation and awareness of congenital heart disease, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 394 yeas to 7 nays, Roll No. 81;
                                                Pages H1238–40, H1246–47 
Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Pre-vention, and Treatment Act: H.R. 2410, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease re-search, surveillance, prevention, and treatment; 
                                                                                    Pages H1240–43 
Action for Dental Health Act: H.R. 2422, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down bar-riers to care, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 387 yeas to 13 nays, Roll No. 82; and 
                                                                Pages H1243–44, H1247–48 
Recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trauma-informed care: H. Res. 443, amended, rec-ognizing the importance and effectiveness of trauma- informed care.
                                                      Pages H1244–46 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:31 p.m.
                                                   Page H1246 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD192 February 26, 2018 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Thompson (CA) announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                Page H1247 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, February 27th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                Pages H1248, H1264 
Discharge Petition: Representative Thompson (CA) presented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Committee on the Judiciary from the consideration of H.R. 4240, to protect Second Amendment rights, ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System, and pro-vide a responsible and consistent background check process (Discharge Petition No. 6).
                 Page H1247 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1246–47, H1247–48. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:59 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2017; TO PLACE REQUIREMENTS ON OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR BANKING ORGANIZATIONS ESTABLISHED BY AN APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY; COMPREHENSIVE REGULATORY REVIEW ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1865, the ‘‘Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4296, to place requirements on operational risk capital re-quirements for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency; and H.R. 4607, the ‘‘Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1865. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on the Judi-ciary now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a closed rule for H.R. 4296. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–60, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, shall be consid-ered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 4607 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–61, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of the Rules Committee re-port, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Marino, Wagner, Jackson-Lee, Luetkemeyer, and Maxine Waters of California. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting on adoption of the Committee’s FY 2019 Budget Views and Estimates Letter. The Committee’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Views and Estimates Letter was adopted. This hear-ing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D193 February 26, 2018 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D147) 
H.R. 4708, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign. Signed on February 14, 2018. (Public Law 115–125) S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities. Signed on February 14, 2018. (Public Law 115–126) H.R. 582, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix. Signed on February 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–127) S. 1438, to redesignate the Jefferson National Ex-pansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. Signed on February 22, 2018. (Public Law 115–128) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Kevin Edward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International Orga-nization Affairs), Josephine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Di-rector of the Peace Corps, Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-national Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Executive Offi-cer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on the role of technology and data in preventing and treat-ing addiction, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the Budget Views and Estimates Let-ter of the Committee on Agriculture for the Agencies and Programs under the Jurisdiction of the Committee for Fiscal Year 2019, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism and Iran: Defense Challenges in the Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘CBO Oversight: The Role of Behavioral Modeling in Scoring and Baseline Construction’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘A More Ef-fective and Collaborative OSHA: A View from Stake-holders’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘State of the Nation’s Energy Infra-structure’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Women’s Role in Countering Terrorism’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Public Face of TSA: Examining the Agency’s Outreach and Traveler Engagement Efforts’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Effi-ciency, hearing entitled ‘‘Doing Business with DHS: In-dustry Recommendations to Improve Contractor Em-ployee Vetting’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, business meeting on Committee Resolution 115–6, Views and Estimates for Fiscal Year 2019; Committee Resolu-tion 115–7, Changes to the Congressional Member Hand-book; and Committee Resolution 115–8, Changes to the Congressional Committee Handbook, 2:15 p.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act’’, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Competition in the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain: the Proposed Merger of CVS Health and Aetna’’, 1:30 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 2947, the ‘‘Strength-ening Coastal Communities Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4880, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chaffee Coastal Barrier Resources System Units in Delaware, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Liquified Natural Gas and U.S. Geo-politics’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD194 February 26, 2018 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federalism Implications of Treating States as Stakeholders’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct in Science’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Occu-pational Hazards: How Excessive Licensing Hurts Small Business’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘How Red Tape Af-fects Community Banks and Credit Unions: A GAO Re-port’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Aviation Safety’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, business meeting on the Adoption of Ways and Means Committee Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2019 Federal Budget, 1:15 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 27 through March 2, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, post-cloture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: February 27, to hold hear-ings to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. March 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lieutenant General Paul M. Nakasone, USA, to be general and Director, National Security Agen-cy/Chief, Central Security Service/Commander, United States Cyber Command, Department of Defense, and Brent K. Park, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Security Administration, and Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Management), both of the Department of Energy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 1, to hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb- ruary 28, business meeting to consider S. 1520, to ex-pand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and the nominations of Joseph Simons, of Virginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner, and Jeffrey DeWit, of Arizona, to be Chief Financial Officer, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 10 a.m., SD–106. March 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine implementation of positive train control, 10:15 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 28, Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 1142, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of certain hydroelectric projects, S. 1556, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to use designated funding to pay for construction of authorized rural water projects, S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 2166, to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementa-tion of those programs, and H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hydropower facility, 10 a.m., SD–366. March 1, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine private sector and government challenges and opportunities to promote the cyber security and resiliency of our nation’s critical energy infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 1, to hold hearings to examine the Administration’s framework for rebuilding infrastructure in America, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 27, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kevin Edward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International Organization Affairs), Josephine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Director of the Peace Corps, Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Direc-tor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and De-velopment, and Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corpora-tion, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. March 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Robert Frank Pence, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Finland, Department of State, and Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Recon-struction and Development, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb- ruary 27, to hold hearings to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on the role of technology and data in preventing and treating addiction, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D195 February 26, 2018 February 28, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 2434, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs, S. 292, to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, S. 2278, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas, and S. 1091, to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, 9:45 a.m., SD–430. March 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: February 28, business meeting to consider H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make cer-tain improvements in the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the nomination of Mi-chael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, 10 a.m., SD–342. March 1, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine the role of Federal managers in hiring, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: March 1, business meeting to consider the nominations of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims, Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, and Billy J. Williams, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of Oregon, Mark S. James, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Mis-souri, Daniel C. Mosteller, to be United States Marshal for the District of South Dakota, and Jesse Seroyer, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Alabama, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 27, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Dis-abled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. February 28, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 27, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. March 1, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, February 28, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Helping Communities Balance Enforce-ment and Patient Safety’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 28, Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Zimbabwe After Mugabe’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, February 28, Sub-committee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 1992, the ‘‘Camp Nelson Heritage Park Study Act’’; H.R. 3008, the ‘‘George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act’’; H.R. 4731, to extend the retained use estate for the Caneel Bay resort in St. John, United States Virgin Is-lands, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of estab-lishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jack-sonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Feb- ruary 28, to hold hearings to examine seeking justice for and securing the legacy of Boris Nemtsov, 3:30 p.m., SD–138. Joint Hearing: February 27, Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. February 28, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD196 February 26, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 4296—To place requirements on operational risk capital require-ments for banking organizations established by an appro-priate Federal banking agency (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 1865—Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act (Subject to a Rule). Begin consider-ation of H.R. 4607—Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the Rules: H.R. 5078— TRID Improvement Act of 2018. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E217 Barraga´n, Nanette Diaz, Calif., E222 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E215 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E215 Brooks, Mo, Ala., E217 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E218 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E216, E217 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E222 Cook, Paul, Calif., E219, E219, E221 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E218, E220 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E219 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E220 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E218 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E217 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E222 Graves, Garret, La., E217 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E215 Jayapal, Pramila, Wash., E223 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E221 Keating, William R., Mass., E221 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E221 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E220 McKinley, David B., W.Va., E218 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E219 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E222 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E220 Poe, Ted, Tex., E223 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E216 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E221 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E220 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Feb 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26FE8.REC D26FEPT1