Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9577 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 2018 No. 186 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 27, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable P
AUL M
ITCHELL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF REAL CHRISTMAS TREES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor this year’s National Christmas Tree Contest winner who hails from my home county of Avery in North Caro-lina’s Fifth District, Mr. Larry Smith. This year, Mr. Smith won the na-tional tree contest hosted by the Na-tional Christmas Tree Association, whose members have presented the of-ficial White House Christmas tree for display in the Blue Room since 1966. Growers must first win their local competitions in order to qualify for the association’s national contest. At the national competition, growers, indus-try experts, and consumers vote to choose the real Christmas tree grower who will provide the official White House Christmas tree. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent this year’s winner and was delighted to join Mr. Smith, his family and friends in presenting the First Family with its Fraser fir Christmas tree last week. As a former Christmas tree grower myself, I can attest to the importance of recognizing this often overlooked, yet highly significant, farming indus-try. Christmas trees have held a his-toric place in American family tradi-tion since 1850. Long before artificial trees were around, real trees brought Christmas spirit into homes with their evergreen and fragrant branches during the season. Just as importantly, Christmas trees play a vital role in the North Carolina high country’s economy by providing jobs and livelihoods for thousands of North Carolinians. The Fifth District is one of the largest producers of live- cut Christmas trees in the country, producing over 20 percent of the real Christmas trees in the United States. Representing over 95 percent of all species grown in the State, the North Carolina Fraser fir Christmas tree is the most popular Christmas tree in North America. It is shipped to every State in the U.S., as well as the Carib-bean islands, Mexico, Canada, Ber-muda, Japan, and other points all over the world. Congratulations once again to Mr. Smith, and thanks to Christmas tree growers across the country for contrib-uting to our economy and providing the joy of having a real Christmas tree to families worldwide. ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share some good news with the House. Over a year and a half ago, we passed the Small Business Health Fair-ness Act. Small businesses were hit hard by flawed mandates, soaring costs, and limited choices under ObamaCare. The Education and the Workforce Com-mittee worked hard to produce the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which expanded healthcare options and lowered costs for working families by encouraging small businesses to come together through association health plans and negotiate for lower costs on behalf of their employees. In October of last year, President Trump issued an executive order that built on the solutions in that bill, di-recting the Department of Labor to re-move barriers and make association health plans a viable option for busi-nesses and their employees. Well, it is working. In my home State of North Carolina, individuals in the hospitality industry will soon have access to a new association health plan that provides affordable, comprehen-sive coverage. Nearly half a million workers in North Carolina alone will have options they didn’t have before thanks to association health plans. In Oklahoma, chambers of commerce at the State and local level are work-ing with some of the smallest busi-nesses around to form association health plans and allow these talented individuals to keep doing what they really want to do, innovating and cre-ating jobs only they will be able to cre-ate. Even farmers in Minnesota and Ne-braska are finding ways to come to-gether for better bargaining power that puts people and their healthcare choices first. Association health plans put people in charge. They empower small busi-nesses to offer the same benefits that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.000 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9578 November 27, 2018 
large companies can provide, and they allow employees to choose coverage op-tions that work best for them. At the Education and the Workforce Committee, we have been proud to do our part to bring about this sustain-able healthcare solution for millions of Americans. I welcome the news. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PREMATURITY AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, No-vember is Prematurity Awareness Month, and as the number of preterm births continues to rise in the United States, it is important to acknowledge this serious issue. In my own experience as an obstetri-cian having delivered over 5,000 babies, I have seen firsthand the seriousness of early birth. Premature birth is still the number one cause of infant mortality in the United States and around the world. Advancements in detection and care for infants born early have not made the same strides that other areas of the medical field have. The premature birth rate in Kansas is right below the national average of 9.93, meaning that approximately 1 in every 10 babies is born premature. In the coming weeks, Congress has the op-portunity to act and pass the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act of 2018 and help those who cannot yet help themselves. 
RECOGNIZING KANSAS GUARDSMEN OVERSEAS  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this past holiday weekend, I had the pleas-ure, the opportunity, to travel to the Middle East and to the Horn of Africa. Specifically, I got to visit with some 700 Kansas National Guardsmen from the 2nd 137th Combined Arms Battalion and Battery C, 161st Field Artillery. These guardsmen have been deployed since April in support of Operation En-during Freedom Spartan Shield. I am often asked what was the pur-pose of my trip. Why do Congressmen do these trips? First of all, I think it is important that, as a Congressman, I bring these troops a message of hope and thanks and let them know personally that we do care and are grateful for their serv-ice and the sacrifices they are making for this country. Next, my goal was to check on the mental and physical well-being of our troops. Despite talking to hundreds of our soldiers, I cannot get one of them to register one complaint. Specifically, I thought their mental health was out-standing, that they were all in good spirits and, indeed, had great hope. Physically, their nutrition appeared to be well attended to. Their medical and dental needs were well attended to as well. My one concern, perhaps, would be the housing. And though no soldier complained about housing, when you are there for a year at a time, I do think we could supply our soldiers with better housing. Today, we are reminded of the dan-gers of serving in our military as we lost three soldiers to a roadside bomb in Afghanistan. Certainly, my sym-pathy goes out to the families. I know the words that I can express will never be enough, but I would say this: Today we are also reminded once again that freedom is not free. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MAJOR BRENT RUSSELL TAYLOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, Major Brent Russell Taylor is one of six brothers to each wear the uniform of the United States Army. While training Afghan security forces in support of Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel, Major Taylor was killed by an apparent insider attack on November 3 in Kabul province while in the final months of his deployment. He is sur-vived by his wife, Jennie, and seven children: Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline. In Utah, we mourn with the family of Major Taylor and grieve his loss and honor his sacrifice. As Major Taylor and his brothers passed through Basic Combat Training, they learned the seven Army values in great detail. Those values are loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and personal courage, and Major Brent Taylor lived these values. First, loyalty: Major Taylor swore to bear true faith and allegiance to the Constitution of the United States and support and defend our Nation’s guid-ing documents against all enemies. He demonstrated his loyalty to this oath time and time again. Duty: Major Taylor earned a Bronze Star for his outstanding dedication to duty during combat operations in Iraq. The Army says doing your duty means more than carrying out your assigned tasks. Major Taylor’s military service record shows he employed this guid-ance to the fullest. So, too, does his life outside the mili-tary, because Major Taylor was not only Major Taylor, he was also Mayor Taylor. His community and neighbors so entrusted him to lead and provide that they elected him the mayor of North Ogden City in Utah. In that role, he did much more than carry out his assigned tasks. He worked to beautify and improve the city and to create a community that was welcoming to newcomers; and in the predawn morning of his last Christ-mas on Earth, Mayor Taylor ventured out into the cold to oversee the snow-plows and salt trucks as they cleared the roads and made his city safe. Respect: Major Taylor not only en-joyed the respect of his family, com-munity, and fellow servicemembers, but his praises came from across the globe. In a letter from Afghanistan to Mrs. Taylor following her husband’s death, an Afghan aviator said: ‘‘Your husband taught me to . . . treat my children as treasured gifts, to be a bet-ter father, to be a better husband, and to be a better man.’’ A man does not receive that level of praise without first showing his own grand measure of respect. Selfless service: As a high school sen-ior in Chandler, Arizona, Brent deliv-ered the honor speech at graduation, and his instruction to the audience was: ‘‘Go out. Be happy. Find peace and make a positive difference in the world.’’ Major Taylor left his family and American soil on four deployments to serve and ‘‘make a positive difference in the world.’’ In that same honor speech, he gave the order to ‘‘stick with it to the end.’’ He, himself, did just that. Honor: Major Taylor honored his faith, his family, his community, and his country throughout his short life. Brent’s social media postings are re-plete with photos of his children and family. They show images of love and service and patriotism, qualities of a man, a husband, and a father who hon-ors his family and country. In his last Facebook post, Brent im-plored that we all remember: ‘‘We have far more as Americans that unites us than divides us.’’ And he ended the post with the words, ‘‘God Bless America.’’ Integrity: The Army says that integ-rity is a quality you develop by adher-ing to moral principles, and the more choices you make based on integrity, the more this highly prized value will affect your relationships with family and friends. The days since the sad passing of Major Taylor have been filled with an outpouring of love and grief expressed by those who knew Brent. His integrity left an impression, and his integrity af-fected his relationships. Finally, personal courage: In Sep-tember of 2007, Major Taylor was com-manding a convoy in Iraq when he was hit by an insurgent IED. His vehicle was struck by shrapnel, asphalt, and concrete debris. For the wounds re-ceived in action, Major Taylor was awarded the Purple Heart, and he would go on to deploy twice more. Brent Taylor stood as an example of personal courage. He lived the Army Values. In April of this year, the Department of Veterans Affairs opened a facility in North Ogden City. It is a place where veterans and their families can go to receive counseling and support. It is a place located in the heart of Brent Taylor’s hometown. As a small gesture to his service and his sacrifice, I have introduced a bill to name that VA facility the ‘‘Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation.’’ The naming of a building will never repay the debt our Nation owes Major Taylor or his family, but it can stand as a humble reminder of the citizen soldier who lost his life in the service of others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.002 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9579 November 27, 2018 
b1215 BORDER SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, in the coming days, this House will debate the importance of securing our border with Mexico. This should not be a con-troversial debate. Every nation has the right to secure its borders. There are, indeed, differences among nations from the type of government to the freedoms and liberties a country’s people enjoy, and borders define where these begin and end. Borders also allow countries to deter-mine who and, as important, what is allowed to enter into respective na-tions. It is this latter point, Mr. Speak-er, given the historical context in which the United States and Mexico find themselves, that impels not only the United States but also Mexico to ensure that we have a secure border. There are certain products, namely dangerous narcotics, being made in and shipped through Mexico that we do not want in the United States, and there are items such as illicit cash from drug sales that Mexico does not want im-ported from the United States. Yes, we are concerned about knowing the identity of individuals coming into our country, and we need to be vetting each individual seeking admission to the United States. But it is the illicit drug trade, which is responsible for taking tens of thousands of lives on both sides of the border, that makes beyond urgent the securing of the U.S.- Mexico border. Ninety percent of the heroin used in our country comes from Mexico. Fentanyl, methamphetamines, cocaine, and marijuana also flow across the bor-der in staggering amounts. These poisons destroy lives and re-sult in billions of dollars of illicit cash flowing to transnational criminal orga-nizations on the Mexican side of the border. These organizations are de-scribed best in one word: evil. Over the last decade, Mexican drug cartels have been responsible for deaths of thousands of Mexicans, and their exports have killed thousands of Americans. Mexico prosecutes rel-atively few of the murders that occur on its soil. The cartels kill with impunity. They kill Catholic priests. They kill journal-ists. They kill students. They kill poli-ticians. They have killed U.S. agents. And they kill each other. The rule of law has been replaced in many Mexican states with the law of violence, re-venge, and brutal force. Headlines over the past 2 years tell the story: National Catholic Register, May 22, 2018: ‘‘Why Is Mexico the Dead-liest Place to Be a Priest?’’ The New York Times, December 21, 2017: ‘‘Most Lethal to Journalists: 1. War Zones 2. Mexico.’’ CNN, July 2, 2018: ‘‘Mexico goes to the polls . . . 132 politicians have been killed since campaigning began.’’ The Wall Street Journal, November 14, 2018: ‘‘‘It’s a Crisis of Civilization in Mexico.’ 250,000 Dead. 37,400 Missing.’’ Progress against the cartels has been too slow, but there have been some en-couraging developments. The trial of the alleged head of the Sinaloa cartel, Joaquin ‘‘El Chapo’’ Guzman, is under-way in New York. Within the last month, the Department of Justice in-dicted individuals affiliated with the Jalisco Nueva Generacion cartel, but those individuals remain at large. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration also recently announced it was joining with State and local officials in Chicago specifically to go after Mexi-can cartels, which have played a role in the violence that plagues that commu-nity, a community that is 1,500 miles from the border. In announcing the action, the DEA said: ‘‘There is no single entity or solu-tion that can stop the flow of dan-gerous illicit drugs like heroin and fentanyl into Chicago or to keep them from harming the citizens of this great city. . . . To be clear, these drugs are being produced, manufactured, and trafficked by various Mexican cartels to numerous parts of the United States and elsewhere in the world.’’ Yes, Mr. Speaker, the border issue does not just affect California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. It affects the entire Nation, including my district in western Pennsylvania. Our two countries have not done enough to combat the epidemic of drugs and violence. It is an epidemic that has left mothers, fathers, broth-ers, and sisters on both sides of the bor-der steeped in grief. There is no single solution to this evil. But one tool is available, and that is the force of our will. It is an act of the will to stop the transfer of drugs northbound into the United States and the transfer of illicit cash southbound into Mexico. A secure border is a necessary pre-requisite to this end. That secure bor-der requires not only, where appro-priate, physical barriers. It also re-quires significantly increased capacity for inspecting vehicles traveling be-tween the United States and Mexico at our ports of entry. More inspection lanes, more equip-ment, and more personnel were pre-scribed in the Securing America’s Fu-ture Act. If we are serious about secur-ing the border, that bill should accom-pany any appropriations language we pass this month. As the 115th Congress draws to a close, let us take one more vital step to ending the drug crisis and bring peace to Mexico and communities across the United States. Mr. Speaker, let’s secure our border. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You have blessed us with all good gifts, and this past week, with thankful hearts, we gathered with family and loved ones throughout this great land to celebrate our blessings together. Bless the newly elected Members of the 116th Congress who resume their orientation on Capitol Hill. Give them calm and confidence as they prepare for a new role as servants of our Na-tion’s citizens. Bless the Members of the people’s House who have been entrusted with the privilege to serve our Nation and all Americans in their need. Grant them to work together in respect and affection, faithful in the responsibil-ities they have been given. As the end of the 115th Congress ap-proaches, bestow upon them the gifts of wisdom and discernment, that in their actions, they will do justice, love with mercy, and walk humbly with You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.005 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9580 November 27, 2018 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CURTIS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
AIKEN SCHOLARS ACADEMY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the recent opening of the Aiken Scholars Acad-emy, an academic school of excellence that offers students an engaging edu-cational experience. It is the result of a partnership between the University of South Carolina Aiken and Aiken Coun-ty Public School District. Aiken Scholars Academy, led by Principal Martha Messick, is one of only 1,500 schools worldwide to imple-ment the Advanced Placement Cap-stone diploma program. This is an in-novative program that provides stu-dents the opportunity to develop skills for college success, including research, collaboration, and communication. The curriculum was developed with feedback from higher education faculty and college admission officers. At the Aiken Scholars Academy, teachers have the flexibility to cover local, re-gional, national, and global topics rel-evant to their students, with a wide va-riety of themes. This provides for effec-tive collaboration and innovation wel-comed by Chancellor Sandra Jordan. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
TEXAS RANGERS: ONE RIOT, ONE RANGER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, they have been the focus of legend and lore, portrayed on radio shows and the silver screen. It was this month, in 1835, the new Republic of Texas officially created a law enforcement force of three compa-nies, 56 men each, known as the Texas Rangers. The Rangers wear a star made out of a Mexican cinco pesos coin on their western dress, with, of course, the ubiquitous cowboy hat. Captain Bill McDonald said it best: ‘‘No man in the wrong can stand up against a fellow that’s in the right and keeps on a-comin’.’’ They are the oldest law enforcement agency in North America with state-wide jurisdiction. These Texas lawmen have always had a certain swagger and a certain awe about them. Legendary Ranger ‘‘RIP,’’ rest in peace, Ford said this: ‘‘They did right because it was right.’’ And when the Dallas mayor needed to call in the big guns to prevent an il-legal prizefight, Captain McDonald an-swered the call. As the story is told, the mayor asked: ‘‘Where are the other rangers?’’ McDonald replied: ‘‘Hell, ain’t I enough? There’s only one prizefight.’’ Texas Rangers: One riot, one ranger. And that is just the way it is. f 
MIRACLE MOUNTAIN (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, in Utah, wildfires are disastrous events that don’t just cause property damage. They can substantially disrupt the lives of families and have, unfortunately, be-come far too common in the West. Last month, Mayor Ellis of Elk Ridge reached out to me with a remarkable story from his community. In Sep-tember, the Bald Mountain fire threat-ened Elk Ridge, nearly claiming count-less homes. However, instead of burn-ing into the sea, the fire suddenly halt-ed, stayed behind the mountain, and spared the community. Mayor Ellis told me that after this remarkable event, many locals began to refer to the peak as ‘‘Miracle Moun-tain.’’ He then asked if we could com-memorate this event by naming the mountain, and I happily took up the task. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor legislation, the Miracle Mountain Des-ignation Act, supported by the entire Utah House delegation and Governor Herbert to name this mountain ‘‘Mir-acle Mountain.’’ Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill, once passed, will memorialize an event of great significance in this community. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:10 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1610 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 4 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. f 
WOMEN IN AEROSPACE EDUCATION ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4254) to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Pro-gram and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women in Aero-space Education Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM FELLOWSHIP OPPORTUNI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–368; 42 U.S.C. 1862n et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 10(a)(3)(A)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, including research experiences at national lab-oratories and NASA centers’’ before the semi-colon; and (2) in section 10A(c)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) providing internship opportunities for fellows, including research experiences at na-tional laboratories and NASA Centers.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to grants awarded on or after October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 3. NASA INTERNSHIP AND FELLOWSHIP OP-PORTUNITIES. 
Not later than October 1, 2018, the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (in this section referred to as ‘‘NASA’’) shall institute a process to encourage the recruitment of qualified candidates who are women or individuals who are underrepresented in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and computer science for internships and fellowships at NASA with relevance to the aerospace sector and related fields. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4254, the bill now under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.006 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9581 November 27, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4254, the Women in Aerospace Education Act, as amended by the Senate. I speak on be-half of the bill’s sponsor, Representa-tive S
TEVE KNIGHT , who could not be here this afternoon, but he has worked for more than a year to get the bill across the finish line. H.R. 4254, directs NASA and the Na-tional Science Foundation, through the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Pro-gram, to use their fellowships and in-ternships to encourage more women to get aerospace experience while they are training to be science and mathe-matics teachers. These teachers are then better equipped to educate and inspire stu-dents to pursue studies and careers in aerospace. Twenty percent of U.S. aerospace en-gineers are of retirement age today. They are beginning to exit our work-force, which will create a shortfall in our national security preparedness. Meanwhile, women represent only about one-quarter of all science, tech-nology, engineering, and math, or STEM workers, and only about 15 per-cent of all aerospace engineers. We need to improve our STEM education pipeline from ensuring STEM classes are available to students at a young age to encouraging young Americans to pursue the completion of a degree in STEM fields. Attitudes about career paths are formed at a young age. The role models and young leaders from which women learn have an enormous impact on fu-ture decisionmaking. The Women in Aerospace Education Act directs some of the Federal Gov-ernment’s best teacher training pro-grams to increase the number of women teachers who can educate stu-dents about the Nation’s leading aero-space programs. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Representative S
TEVE KNIGHT and his cosponsors, Representative E
LIZABETH  E
STY, and Research and Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman B
ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK for advancing this bipartisan legislation. We look forward to its being signed into law soon. If all goes well, it will be the 15th Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee bill to be enacted into law this Congress, and one of 35 bills that the committee has passed in the House this year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill and send it to the President’s desk, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4254, the Women in Aerospace Edu-cation Act. I want to thank Mr. K
NIGHT  and Ms. ESTYfor introducing this very important piece of legislation. Women continue to be underrep-resented in the aerospace sector. For example, a 2016 analysis revealed that over the past 15 years, women have made up, on average, just 15 percent of NASA’s planetary mission science teams. b1615 While there has been increasing in-terest in supporting women’s advance-ment in all STEM fields, particularly on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the low representation of women on NASA’s planetary science mission teams has remained largely unchanged. I am heartened by recent efforts at NASA to tackle the issue of diversity on its planetary science mis-sion teams. The 2016 New Frontiers 4 call for pro-posals included new language high-lighting the benefits of diverse and in-clusive mission teams. I was pleased to see that one of the finalists for this competition, the Dragonfly mission to Saturn’s moon Titan, is led by a woman. Additionally, one of the two missions selected in 2017 for NASA’s Discovery Program, the Psyche mission to a me-tallic asteroid, is also led by a woman. The principal investigator of the Psy-che mission, Dr. Lindy Elkins-Tanton, is now the second woman to lead a competitive planetary science mission for NASA. Yesterday’s successful landing of NASA’s InSight spacecraft on the sur-face of Mars offers another reason to feel optimistic. The team of scientists and engineers that made the groundbreaking landing possible in-cluded 135 women, or about 25 percent of the team. To build on this progress, H.R. 4254 addresses the challenges in recruiting and retaining talented women in aerospace by directing NASA to promote internship and fellowship opportunities to women. The bill also directs NSF to include research experi-ences at National Laboratories and NASA centers in the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program. Research has shown that the best teams are those in which good ideas are heard. Gender diversity on NASA’s planetary science missions and in the aerospace sector more broadly will lead to more diverse questions and ap-proaches to solutions. To get the best science, we need more women in aero-space, and H.R. 4254 will help to get us there. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Mem-bers to support H.R. 4254, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 4254. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PROGRAM REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1768) to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Program, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1768 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Re-authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF FINDINGS AND PUR-POSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,’’ after ‘‘States’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘Oregon,’’ after ‘‘New York,’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘Tennessee,’’ after ‘‘South Carolina’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prediction techniques and’’; (3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A well-funded seismological research program could provide the scientific under-standing needed to fully implement an effec-tive earthquake early warning system.’’; (4) in paragraphs (6) and (7), by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) The built environment has generally been constructed and maintained to meet the needs of the users under normal condi-tions. When earthquakes occur, the built en-vironment is generally designed to prevent severe injuries or loss of human life and is not expected to remain operational or able to recover under any specified schedule. ‘‘(13) The National Research Council pub-lished a study on reducing hazards and risks associated with earthquakes based on the goals and objectives for achieving national earthquake resilience described in the stra-tegic plan entitled ‘Strategic Plan for the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program’. The study and an accompanying report called for work in 18 tasks focused on research, preparedness, and mitigation and annual funding of approximately $300,000,000 per year for 20 years.’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—Section 3 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and in-crease the resilience of communities’’ after ‘‘future earthquakes’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘to indi-viduals and the communities’’ after ‘‘an earthquake’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in time of disaster’’ and inserting ‘‘to facilitate com-munity-wide post-earthquake recovery and in times of disaster’’; (4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘for pre-dicting damaging earthquakes and’’; (5) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and plan-ning’’ after ‘‘model building’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.012 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9582 November 27, 2018 
(6) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘recon-struction’’ and inserting ‘‘re-occupancy, re-covery, reconstruction,’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) L
IFELINE INFRASTRUCTURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7703(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ and inserting ‘‘lifeline infrastruc-ture’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such Act (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’. (2) C
OMMUNITY RESILIENCE .—Section 4 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7703) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(10) The term ‘community resilience’ means the ability of a community to prepare and plan for, absorb, recover from, and more successfully adapt to adverse seismic events.’’. 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF NATIONAL EARTH-QUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PROGRAM ACTIVITIES .— Subsection (a)(2) of section 5 of the Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7704) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘, commu-nity resilience,’’ after ‘‘seismic risk’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) publishing a systematic set of maps of active faults and folds, liquefaction sus-ceptibility, susceptibility for earthquake in-duced landslides, and other seismically in-duced hazards; and’’; and (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘de-velop, operate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘7708),’’ and inserting ‘‘continue the develop-ment of the Advanced National Seismic Sys-tem, including earthquake early warning ca-pabilities’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO INTERAGENCY  C
OORDINATING COMMITTEE ON EARTHQUAKE  H
AZARDS REDUCTION .— (1) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING MEMBER -
SHIP.—Subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(3) of such section is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The com-mittee’’ and inserting ‘‘In addition to the Di-rector, the committee’’. (2) R
EDUCTION IN MINIMUM FREQUENCY OF  
MEETINGS OF INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM -
MITTEE ON EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUC -
TION.—Subparagraph (C) of such subsection is amended by striking ‘‘not less than 3 times a year’’ and inserting ‘‘not less fre-quently than once each year’’. (3) E
XPANSION OF DUTIES .—Subparagraph (D) of such subsection is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(i) G
ENERAL DUTY .—The Interagency Co-ordinating Committee shall oversee the planning, management, and coordination of the Program. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The duties of the Interagency Coordinating Committee in-clude the following: ‘‘(I) Developing, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram Reauthorization Act of 2004 and updat-ing periodically— ‘‘(aa) a strategic plan that establishes goals and priorities for the Program activi-ties described under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(bb) a detailed management plan to im-plement such strategic plan. ‘‘(II) Developing a coordinated interagency budget for the Program that will ensure ap-propriate balance among the Program activi-ties described under subsection (a)(2), and, in accordance with the plans developed under subclause (I), submitting such budget to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget at the time designated by the Direc-tor for agencies to submit biennial budgets. ‘‘(III) Developing interagency memoran-dums of understanding with any relevant Federal agencies on data sharing and re-source commitment in the event of an earth-quake disaster. ‘‘(IV) Coordinating with the Interagency Coordinating Committee on Windstorm Im-pact Reduction and other natural hazards co-ordination committees as the Director deter-mines appropriate to share data and best practices. ‘‘(V) Coordinating with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration on data sharing and resource alloca-tion to ensure judicious use of Government resources and the free-flowing exchange of information related to earthquakes. ‘‘(VI) Coordinating with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior on the use of public lands for earthquake monitoring and research stations, and re-lated data collection. ‘‘(VII) Coordinating with the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on the effects of earthquakes on transportation and housing stocks. ‘‘(iii) ASSISTANCE FROM SECRETARY OF AGRI -
CULTURE AND SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .— To the extent practicable, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall expedite any request for a permit to use public land under clause (ii)(VI).’’. (4) R
EDUCTION IN FREQUENCY OF REPORTING  
BY INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COMMITTEE ON  
EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(4) of such section is amended— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (F) as clauses (i) through (vi), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (iii) in clause (v), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iv) in clause (vi), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (v) by inserting after clause (vi), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(vii) a statement regarding whether the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency has lowered or waived the cost share requirement for assistance provided under subsection (b)(2)(A)(i).’’; (vi) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Inter-agency’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Sen-ate’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Interagency Co-ordinating Committee shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the Program’’; and (vii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
UPPORT FOR PREPARATION OF RE -
PORT .—Each head of a Program agency shall submit to the Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology such infor-mation as the Director may request for the preparation of a report under subparagraph (A) not later than 90 days after the date on which the Director requests such informa-tion.’’. (B) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year begin-ning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  T
ECHNOLOGY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and constructing,’’ and inserting ‘‘constructing, evaluating, and retrofitting’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘pro-vide new and’’ after ‘‘research to’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘community resilience through’’ after ‘‘improve’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGEN-
CY.—Paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ; 
FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY .— ‘‘(A) P
ROGRAM RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Ad- ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency— ‘‘(i) shall operate a program of grants and assistance to enable States to develop miti-gation, preparedness, and response plans, purchase necessary instrumentation, prepare inventories and conduct seismic safety in-spections of critical structures and lifeline infrastructure, update building, land use planning, and zoning codes and ordinances to enhance seismic safety, increase earthquake awareness and education, and provide assist-ance to multi-State groups for such pur-poses; ‘‘(ii) shall support the implementation of a comprehensive earthquake education, out-reach, and public awareness program, includ-ing development of materials and their wide dissemination to all appropriate audiences and support public access to locality-specific information that may assist the public in preparing for, mitigating against, responding to and recovering from earthquakes and re-lated disasters; ‘‘(iii) shall, in conjunction with the Direc-tor of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, other Federal agencies, and private sector groups, use research results to support the preparation, maintenance, and wide dissemination of seismic resistant de-sign guidance and related information on building codes, standards, and practices for new and existing buildings, structures, and lifeline infrastructure, aid in the develop-ment of performance-based design guidelines and methodologies, and support model codes that are cost effective and affordable in order to promote better practices within the design and construction industry and reduce losses from earthquakes; ‘‘(iv) shall enter into cooperative agree-ments or contracts with States and local ju-risdictions and other Federal agencies to es-tablish demonstration projects on earth-quake hazard mitigation, to link earthquake research and mitigation efforts with emer-gency management programs, or to prepare educational materials for national distribu-tion; and ‘‘(v) shall support the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals. ‘‘(B) S
TATE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM CRI -
TERIA .—In order to qualify for assistance under subparagraph (A)(i), a State must— ‘‘(i) demonstrate that the assistance will result in enhanced seismic safety in the State; ‘‘(ii) provide 25 percent of the costs of the activities for which assistance is being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.004 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9583 November 27, 2018 
given, except that the Administrator may lower or waive the cost-share requirement for these activities for a small impoverished community, as defined in section 203 of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5133(a)); and ‘‘(iii) meet such other requirements as the Administrator shall prescribe.’’. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY .—Sub- section (b)(3) of such section is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), in the first sentence— (A) by inserting ‘‘report on significant do-mestic and international earthquakes and’’ after ‘‘Survey shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘predictions.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘forecasts.’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘pre-dictions, including aftershock advisories’’ and inserting ‘‘alerts and early warnings’’; (3) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) issue when necessary and feasible, and notify the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Direc-tor of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and State and local offi-cials, an alert and an earthquake warning;’’; (4) in subparagraph (E), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘using’’ and in-serting ‘‘including’’; (5) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (6) in subparagraph (J)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and data’’ after ‘‘hazard maps’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals.’’. (f) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—Subsection (b)(4) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, State agencies, State geological surveys,’’ after ‘‘consortia’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘to support applied science in the production of a systematic series of earthquake-related geologic hazard maps, and’’ after ‘‘Survey’’; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘large- scale experimental and computational facili-ties of the George E. Brown Jr. Network for Earthquake Engineering Simulation and other institutions engaged in research and the implementation of the National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program’’ and in-serting ‘‘experimental and computational fa-cilities’’; (4) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (5) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals.’’; (7) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (I) as clauses (i) through (ix), respec-tively, and indenting such clauses accord-ingly; (8) in the matter before clause (i), as redes-ignated by paragraph (7), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘The National Science Foundation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Science Foundation’’; and (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
DENTIFICATION OF FUNDING .—The Na- tional Science Foundation shall— ‘‘(i) to the extent practicable, note in any notice of Program funding or other funding possibilities under the Program that the funds are part of the Program; ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, track the awarding of Federal funds through the Pro-gram; and ‘‘(iii) not less frequently than once every 2 years, submit to the director of the Program a report specifying the amount of Federal funds awarded to conduct research that en-hances the understanding of earthquake science.’’. SEC. 4. REVIEW OF THE NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARD REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than such date as is necessary for the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by sub-section (c) in accordance with such sub-section, the Comptroller General shall com-plete a review of Federal earthquake hazard risk reduction efforts. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A comprehensive assessment of— (A) the extent to which the United States Geological Survey has identified the risks and hazards to the United States posed by earthquakes, including risks and hazards re-sulting from tsunamis and landslides that are generated by earthquakes; (B) the efforts of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology to im-prove the resilience of the United States to earthquakes and to identify important gaps in the resilience of the United States to earthquakes; (C) the progress made by the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology and the Interagency Coordinating Committee (as de-fined in section 4 the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 of the Earthquake Haz-ards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7703)) to coordinate effectively the budget and activi-ties of the Program agencies (as defined in such section 4) in advancing the plans and goals of the Program (as defined in such sec-tion 4) and how coordination among the Pro-gram agencies may be improved; (D) the extent to which the results of re-search in earthquake risk and hazards reduc-tion supported by the National Science Foundation during the 40 years of the Pro-gram has been effectively disseminated to Federal, State, local, and private sector stakeholders; and (E) the extent to which the research done during the 40 years of the Program has been applied to both public and private earth-quake risk and hazards reduction. (2) Recommendations to improve the Pro-gram and the resiliency of the United States to earthquake risks. (c) R
EPORT .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the review com-pleted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5. SEISMIC STANDARDS. 
Section 8 of the Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7705b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. SEISMIC STANDARDS. 
‘‘(a) A SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— Not later than December 1, 2019, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall jointly convene a committee of experts from Federal agencies, nongovernmental or-ganizations, private sector entities, disaster management professional associations, engi-neering professional associations, and profes-sional construction and homebuilding indus-try associations, to assess and recommend options for improving the built environment and critical infrastructure to reflect per-formance goals stated in terms of post-earth-quake reoccupancy and functional recovery time. ‘‘(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than June 30, 2020, the committee convened under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on recommended options for improv-ing the built environment and critical infra-structure to reflect performance goals stated in terms of post-earthquake reoccupancy and functional recovery time.’’. 
SEC. 6. MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR ADVANCED NA-TIONAL SEISMIC SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Geological Survey shall submit to Congress a 5-year management plan for the continued operation of the Ad-vanced National Seismic System. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Strategies to continue the development of an earthquake early warning system. (2) A mechanism for securing the participa-tion of State and regional level earthquake monitoring entities, including those defunded by the Advanced National Seismic System in the last five years. (3) A plan to encourage and support the in-tegration of geodetic and geospatial data products into earthquake monitoring in re-gions experiencing large earthquakes. (4) A plan to identify and evaluate existing data sets available across commercial, civil, and defense entities to determine if there are additional data sources to inform the devel-opment and deployment of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System and an earthquake early warning system. (5) A plan to ensure that there is an active, geographically diverse, management and ad-visory structure for the Advanced National Seismic System. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 12 of the Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7706) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(8)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting before the language fol-lowing subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2023,’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.004 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9584 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(G) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2020, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; ‘‘(H) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2021, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; ‘‘(I) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2022, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; and ‘‘(J) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2023, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting before the language fol-lowing subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. 
SEC. 8. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF TITLE OF ADMINISTRATOR  
OF THE FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  A
GENCY .—The Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5 (42 U.S.C. 7704)— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(B), as amended by section 3(b)(1) of this Act— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the directors of’’; (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘the Admin-istrator of’’ before ‘‘the’’; and (iii) in clauses (ii) through (v), by inserting ‘‘the Director of’’ before ‘‘the’’ each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (b)(3)(C), as amended by section 3(e), by striking ‘‘Director of the Federal’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal’’; and (2) in section 9 (42 U.S.C. 7705c), by striking ‘‘Director of the Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency’’ each place it appears. (b) R
EFERENCES TO THE ADVANCED NA-
TIONAL SEISMIC SYSTEM .—Such Act is amend-ed— (1) in section 13 (42 U.S.C. 7707), in the sec-tion heading, by striking ‘‘
ADVANCED NA -
TIONAL SEISMIC RESEARCH AND MONITORING SYS -
TEM’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADVANCED NATIONAL SEIS -
MIC SYSTEM ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Advanced National Seis-mic Research and Monitoring System’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Advanced Na-tional Seismic System’’. (c) I
NCORRECT CROSS-REFERENCES .—Para- graph (4) of section 5(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7704(a)), as amended by section 3(b)(4)(A) of this Act, is amended— (1) in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A), as redesignated by such section 3(b)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (3)(A)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘para-graph (3)(D)(i)(I)’’; and (2) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘under (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (3)(D)(i)(I)’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on S. 1768, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. The bill before us is the same text of H.R. 6650, the bill I introduced in the House earlier this year to reauthorize a Federal program that improves Amer-ica’s earthquake preparedness, and which the Senate agreed to accept as the final agreement. With a little in-dulgence, I might then say that this would be the Rohrabacher-Feinstein Earthquake bill. That is the way it goes. For 40 years the National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program, NEHRP, has supported efforts to assess and monitor earthquake hazards and risks across our Nation. Four Federal agencies coordinate their earthquake activities under this program: the U.S. Geological Survey, the National Science Foundation, the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. These agen-cies assess earthquake hazards, deliver notifications of seismic events, develop measures to reduce earthquake haz-ards, and conduct research to help re-duce overall American vulnerability to earthquakes. The Congress last reviewed and reau-thorized the program in 2004, and that law expired in 2009. Although Congress continues to appropriate funds for this important work, the legislation before us makes long overdue changes to mod-ernize the program and make it more effective. The bill removes outdated language related to earthquake prediction and instead emphasizes the continued de-velopment of an earthquake early- warning system. The bill also reduces various administrative burdens for Federal agencies, burdens that are dis-ruptive to the essential mission of the program. Our approach also improves data sharing between these agencies. Finally, the legislation provides a 5- year authorization for appropriations at the current funding level. In my home State of California, we understand the omnipresent threat of another massive earthquake. Accord-ing to the USGS, California has a 99 percent chance of being devastated by a magnitude 6.7 earthquake, or an even larger one, in the next 30 years. That is the same power as the 1994 Northridge earthquake which killed 57 people, in-jured more than 8,700 others, and caused damages of up to $50 billion, making it one of the costliest disasters in American history. California is not alone. Close to 75 million people in 39 States face signifi-cant risk from earthquakes. By being prepared for future disasters we reduce our potential loss of life and property for those who would suffer those con-sequences. I want to thank Senators D
IANNE  F
EINSTEIN and L ISAMURKOWSKI who in-troduced this bill in the Senate, as well as Representative P
RAMILA JAYAPAL  who joined me in introducing the bill in this House. I want to thank the lead-ership of the House Natural Resources Committee and the House Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee for working with us to bring this bill to the floor. Although the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has pri-mary jurisdiction and we were given superb leadership by our current chair-man, these committees and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology do share jurisdiction over the agencies in this program. Mr. Speaker, let me again express my deep appreciation for the leadership on the other side of the aisle, but espe-cially now that we are going to be los-ing our chairman, for the great job that he has done as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, October 29, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning S. 1768, the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018,’’ which was referred to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and additionally to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, on September 28, 2018. Although your Committee has a valid ju-risdictional interest in certain provisions of S. 1768, I ask that you discharge the Natural Resources Committee from further consider-ation of this measure to permit the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this bill. I ask that you do so with the un-derstanding that your Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, I will support an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this legislation and will in-clude our exchange of letters on S. 1768 into the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.004 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9585 November 27, 2018 
Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, October 30, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-tacting me regarding S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Re-authorization Act of 2018, which was addi-tionally referred to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. In the interest of permitting you to pro-ceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this bill, I will agree to discharge the Nat-ural Resources Committee from further con-sideration of S. 1768. I do so with the under-standing that the Natural Resources Com-mittee does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matter con-tained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also appreciate your support to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions and for inserting our exchange of letters on S. 1768 into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you again for consulting us regard-ing this bill, I look forward to continuing to work with you the remainder of this Con-gress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, November 9, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning S. 1768, the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018,’’ which was referred to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and additionally to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, on September 28, 2018. Although your Committee has a valid ju-risdictional interest in certain provisions of S. 1768, I ask that you discharge the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee from further consideration of this measure to permit the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this bill. I ask that you do so with the understanding that your Committee does not waive any future juris-dictional claim over the subject matter con-tained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, I will support an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this legislation and will in-clude our exchange of letters on S. 1768 into the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, November 15, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter regarding S. 1768, the National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program Reau-thorization Act of 2018. In order to expedite floor consideration of S. 1768, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. The Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure concurs with the mutual under-standing that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name Members of the Committee to any conference committee named to con-sider such provisions. Please insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration on the House floor. I look forward to work-ing with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support S. 1768 to reauthorize the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram. I want to thank Senators F
EINSTEIN  and M
URKOWSKI for developing this good legislation. I also would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives R
OHRABACHER and J AYAPAL , for intro-ducing a House companion, and the chairs and ranking members of the au-thorizing committees for working to arrive at the consensus legislation we are considering today. The years 1964 and 1994 mark two of the worst earthquakes in U.S. history. Hundreds of people lost their lives, and thousands sustained injuries in these earthquakes that hit Alaska and the Northridge neighborhood of Los Ange-les. Economic losses were in the billions of dollars resulting from earthquakes and tsunamis. While our Nation has been in the path of many disastrous natural events lately, we have been spared from a big earthquake for many years. But we should not become com-placent, because another big earth-quake will happen, and the human and economic toll will be felt far beyond the immediate disaster zone. S. 1768 makes Federal investments in research and preparedness activities that will help mitigate earthquake risks for Americans from coast to coast. Specifically, S. 1768 reauthorizes funding for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Na-tional Science Foundation, the U.S. Geological Survey, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to continue to carry out research and other activities under the NEHRP pro-gram. Under NEHRP, NSF and USGS carry out fundamental research in the earth sciences. Both agencies have extensive networks of instrumentation that record seismic activity and advance our understanding of the onset, propa-gation, and intensity of earthquakes. Such research helps advance our early- warning capability and helps commu-nities make informed decisions for earthquake preparation. NIST is the lead agency for NEHRP and also carries out applied research that provides the scientific basis for earthquake resilient building codes and design guidelines. This bill aims to help communities survive a cata-strophic event and continue with crit-ical operations, such as emergency services, utilities, and communication networks. FEMA provides earthquake training and awareness to States and territories and assists communities in creating seismic mitigation plans in the event of a high-impact earthquake. These ac-tivities are invaluable in preparing communities for an earthquake and its aftermath. The last NEHRP reauthorization was nearly 15 years ago, and the author-izing law needs several updates to en-sure it is keeping pace with the state of the science on earthquakes and trans-lating that science into saving lives and property. The bill before us today includes those much-needed updates and, impor-tantly, provides NEHRP agencies with the needed authority to continue these investments with greater budgetary certainty for the next 5 years. I appreciate my colleagues working on this bill in a bipartisan fashion in the House and Senate, and I urge sup-port for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), who is the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gen-tleman from California, my friend and colleague, for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. The final text of the legislation we are considering today was first intro-duced by Representative D
ANA ROHR-
ABACHER as H.R. 6650 in August. Rep-resentative R
OHRABACHER , an active and valued senior member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, led efforts to improve the origi-nal Senate bill and authorize some ad-ditional funding to advance earthquake monitoring and early-warning systems that are critical to his home State of California. It has been 15 years since the Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program was last reauthorized. This legislation mod-ernizes earthquake safety programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.007 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9586 November 27, 2018 
that help States prepare for and re-spond to earthquakes. The National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act is a result of bipartisan collabora-tion and work with the relevant agen-cies, congressional committees, private sector and State agency stakeholders. I want to thank Representative R
OHRABACHER for his initiative on mov-ing the bill forward and working across the aisle and across the Capitol with Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN to get it across the finish line. b1630 I also want to congratulate him for his 30 years of service to the House Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee; the Congress; and his constitu-ents. Since joining the committee in 1989, he has been a dedicated advocate for our Nation’s space exploration pro-grams, energy research and innovation, and preparing our Nation for natural hazards. I encourage my colleagues to support S. 1768 and send it to the President’s desk. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We Californians know what suffering happens when you are unprepared for a wildfire. We have learned that lesson very tragically just recently. There is no need for us to suffer by being unpre-pared for the next earthquake. That is what this is all about. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and especially thank the chairman for the fact that we have worked together in a way that is really going to have a positive impact on so many people by preventing them from having to suffer what we have seen re-cently in the wildfires in California. Mr. Speaker, although there is often disagreement in the people’s House, we should never overlook those many areas of concurrence. There are those who believe that human activity, for example, is causing a cataclysmic jump in the temperature of the planet. Others, however, disagree with this analysis and, thus, oppose policies that restrict human activities and drive up the cost of living a decent life. This issue has been a tumultuous division. However, there are so many other areas in which we can and will focus on, not just in terms of what our com-mittee does, but on which we have a wide acceptance on where pre-cautionary measures are justified and needed. Research in understanding how buildings, bridges, and other infra-structure react to earthquakes is an example of something that I expect that we all agree on. We can see that even here in this debate. I will not be here next year, but I wanted to mention just a few other science-related areas where bipartisan action could be effective and where the costs of prevention are minimal as compared to the potential damage. These are things that we have worked on but have not come to a conclusion. Both the chairman and I won’t be here next year, but I thought I would men-tion them. For example, I hope there can be real progress made in the next few years when it comes to the protection of our planet from astroids and comets, which have caused massive damage—even ex-tinction—over the last 250 million years. Although we are searching in space near and far for these objects now, we have not organized or put in place the means to divert them or eliminate a threatening object when it is observed heading in our direction. Another common ground issue should be protecting our space assets from or-bital debris, which is basically a man- made minefield in space. We rely on our space-based assets for defense, science, farming, a huge portion of our commerce, and even for navigating your car to a local market. There are many other plans for new satellite con-stellations and new expectations for in-creased numbers of people visiting space. Thus, we will be expanding, hope-fully, observation and monitoring of what is going on with the planet for the benefit of the people of the planet. But none of these uses of space will ever be put to work for bettering our lives unless we deal with the debris issue. If we are not protecting our space-based assets, we are risking our future, our way of life, our security, and our prosperity. I am sorry we did not get this done. It was a bipartisan effort. We just didn’t get that, among all the things we were working on this Congress. But I hope the next Congress will succeed and will focus on those two issues where we can cooperate in a very bipar-tisan way. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the moving forward of S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. May we always be prepared to deal with natural disasters, thus protecting our people from needless tragedies. We will always live with the potential of a severe earthquake, but we can mini-mize the loss and suffering. That is what we are doing here with this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the bill being signed into law by the Presi-dent by the end of the year, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act. This bill will reauthorize seismological re-search and warning systems through Fiscal Year 2022. Congress established the National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program (NEHRP) to carry out a longterm, inter-agency earth-quake research program. NEHRP focuses on earthquake warning, hazard reduction, and minimizing loss after earthquakes. Earthquake early warning systems can provide several ad-ditional seconds of warning before the strong-est ground shaking arrives, enough to save lives and protect critical infrastructure. In Northwest Oregon, it is not a question of if, but when, an earthquake along the Cascadia Subduction Zone will hit our state. The U.S. Geological Survey, in collaboration with the University of Oregon, the University of Washington, Caltech, and University of Cali-fornia, Berkley, developed ShakeAlert, an early earthquake warning system. The tech-nology has been tested and is proven to work effectively. Federal investments in these pro-grams are critical. Although it is difficult if not impossible to know when and where the next large earthquake will occur, we must do every-thing that we can to prepare ourselves and our communities to mitigate destruction and save lives. Reauthorizing NEHRP is an impor-tant step in recognizing the science behind earthquakes and other natural disasters such as tsunamis and landslides. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1768. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REDESIGNATING A FACILITY OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (S. 3389) to redes-ignate a facility of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3389 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF NASA INDE-PENDENT VERIFICATION AND VALI-DATION FACILITY. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Inde-pendent Verification and Validation Facility in Fairmont, West Virginia, is hereby redes-ignated as the ‘‘Katherine Johnson Inde-pendent Verification and Validation Facil-ity’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the fa-cility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Katherine Johnson Independent Verification and Vali-dation Facility’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.016 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9587 November 27, 2018 
GLOBAL FRAGILITY AND VIOLENCE REDUCTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5273) to reduce glob-al fragility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to re-duce and address the causes of vio-lence, violent conflict, and fragility in pilot countries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5273 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Fra-gility and Violence Reduction Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) According to the United Nations, an un-precedented 68.5 million people around the world, the highest level ever recorded, are currently forcibly displaced from their homes. (2) According to the World Bank, violence and violent conflict are now the leading causes of displacement and food insecurity worldwide, driving 80 percent of humani-tarian needs, with the same conflicts ac-counting for the majority of forcibly dis-placed persons every year since 1991. (3) According to the World Health Organi-zation, preventable forms of violence kill at least 1.4 million people each year. According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, vi-olence containment costs the global econ-omy $14.76 trillion a year, or 12.4 percent of the world’s GDP. If violence were to decrease uniformly across the world by just 10 per-cent, the global economy would gain $1.48 trillion each year. (4) Violence and violent conflict underpin many of the United States Government’s key national security challenges. Notably, vio-lent conflicts allow for environments in which terrorist organizations recruit and thrive, while the combination of violence, corruption, poverty, poor governance, and underdevelopment often enables transnational gangs and criminal networks to wreak havoc and commit atrocities world-wide. (5) According to new research by the Uni-versity of Maryland and University of Pitts-burgh, exposure to violence increases sup-port for violence and violent extremism. Re-search increasingly finds exposure to vio-lence as a predictor of future participation in violence, including violent extremism. (6) United States foreign policy and assist-ance efforts in highly violent and fragile states remain governed by an outdated patchwork of authorities that prioritize re-sponding to immediate needs rather than solving the problems that cause them. (7) Lessons learned over the past 20 years, documented by the 2013 Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction Lessons Learned Study, the 2016 Fragility Study Group report, and the 2018 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Lessons Learned Study on Stabilization, show that effective, sustained United States efforts to reduce vi-olence and stabilize fragile and violence-af-fected states require clearly defined goals and strategies, adequate long-term funding, rigorous and iterative conflict analysis, co-ordination across the United States Govern-ment, including strong civil-military coordi-nation, and integration with national and sub-national partners, including local civil society organizations, local justice systems, and local governance structures. (8) The ‘‘Stabilization Assistance Review’’ released in 2018 by the Departments of State and Defense and the United States Agency for International Development states, ‘‘The United States has strong national security and economic interests in reducing levels of violence and promoting stability in areas af-fected by armed conflict.’’ The Review fur-ther states, ‘‘Stabilization is an inherently political endeavor that requires aligning U.S. Government efforts—diplomatic engage-ment, foreign assistance, and defense—to-ward supporting locally legitimate authori-ties and systems to peaceably manage con-flict and prevent violence.’’. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) ensure that all relevant Federal depart-ments and agencies coordinate to achieve co-herent, long-term goals for programs de-signed to prevent violence, stabilize conflict- affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility, including when implementing the Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Initiative described in section 5(a); (2) seek to improve global, regional, and local coordination of relevant international and multilateral development and donor or-ganizations regarding efforts to prevent vio-lence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility in fragile and violence-affected countries, and, where practicable and appro-priate, align such efforts with multilateral goals and indicators; (3) expand and enhance the effectiveness of United States foreign assistance programs and activities to prevent violence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long- term causes of violence and fragility, includ-ing programs intended to improve the indi-cators described in section 5(d)(1); (4) support the research and development of effective approaches to prevent violence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fra-gility; and (5) improve the monitoring, evaluation, learning, and adaptation tools and authori-ties for relevant Federal departments and agencies working to prevent violence, sta-bilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ASSIST-ANCE FOR THE GLOBAL FRAGILITY AND VIOLENCE REDUCTION INITIA-TIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent, the Secretary of State, the Adminis-trator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, should work with Congress to provide sufficient types and lev-els of funding to— (1) allow for more adaptive program plan-ning and implementation under the initia-tive and priority country or regional plans required under section 5, including through exemptions from specific and minimum fund-ing levels when such exemptions would make programs better able to respond to moni-toring and evaluation or changed cir-cumstances in relevant countries; (2) better integrate conflict and violence reduction activities into other program areas where appropriate; and (3) contribute to the creation of trans-parent and accountable multilateral funds, initiatives, and strategies to enhance and better coordinate both private and public ef-forts to prevent violence, stabilize conflict- affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility. 
SEC. 5. GLOBAL INITIATIVE TO REDUCE FRA-GILITY AND VIOLENCE. 
(a) I NITIATIVE .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment (USAID), the Secretary of De-fense, and the heads of other relevant Fed-eral departments and agencies, shall estab-lish an interagency initiative, to be referred to as the ‘‘Global Initiative to Reduce Fra-gility and Violence’’, to prevent violence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fra-gility. (b) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees an interagency implementation plan for the Global Initia-tive to Reduce Fragility and Violence estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a) that in-cludes the following: (1) Descriptions of the overall goals, objec-tives, criteria, and metrics guiding the im-plementation, including with respect to prioritizing countries and measuring progress. (2) A list of the priority countries and re-gions selected pursuant to subsection (d)(2). (3) Identification of the roles and respon-sibilities of each participating Federal de-partment or agency, while ensuring that with respect to activities relating to sta-bilization— (A) the Department of State shall be the overall lead for establishing United States foreign policy and advancing diplomatic and political efforts; (B) USAID shall be the lead implementing agency for development, humanitarian, and related non-security programs; (C) the Department of Defense shall sup-port the activities of the Department of State and USAID as appropriate, including by providing requisite security and rein-forcing civilian efforts, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and Administrator of USAID; and (D) other Federal departments and agen-cies shall support the activities of the De-partment of State and USAID as appro-priate, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and Administrator of USAID. (4) Identification of the authorities, staff-ing, and other resource requirements needed to effectively implement the initiative. (5) Descriptions of the organizational steps the Department of State, USAID, the De-partment of Defense, and each other relevant Federal department or agency will take to improve planning, coordination, implemen-tation, monitoring, evaluation, adaptive management, and iterative learning with re-spect to the programs under such initiative. (6) Descriptions of the steps each relevant Federal department or agency will take to improve coordination and collaboration under such initiative with international de-velopment organizations, international do-nors, multilateral organizations, and the pri-vate sector. (7) Descriptions of potential areas of im-proved public and private sector research and development, including with academic, philanthropic, and civil society organiza-tions, on more effective approaches to pre-venting violence, stabilizing conflict-af-fected areas, and addressing the long-term causes of violence and fragility. (8) Plans for regularly evaluating and up-dating, on an iterative basis— (A) the Global Initiative to Reduce Fra-gility and Violence; (B) the interagency implementation plan described in this subsection; and (C) the priority country and regional plans described in subsection (c). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.019 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9588 November 27, 2018 
(c) P RIORITY COUNTRY AND REGIONAL  P
LANS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees 10-year plans to align and inte-grate the diplomatic, development, security, and other relevant activities of the United States Government with the initiative re-quired under subsection (a) for each of the priority countries and regions designated pursuant to subsection (d). Such priority country and regional plans shall include: (1) Specific interagency plans for coordina-tion and implementation under the country or regional plan. (2) Descriptions of how and when the rel-evant goals, objectives, and plans for each priority country or region will be incor-porated into relevant United States country plans and strategies, including Department of State Integrated Country Strategies, USAID Country Development Cooperation Strategies, and Department of Defense Cam-paign Plans, Operational Plans, and Regional Strategies, as well as any equivalent or suc-cessor plans or strategies. (3) Interagency plans to ensure that appro-priate local actors, including government and civil society entities and organizations led by women, youth, or under-represented communities, have roles in developing, im-plementing, monitoring, evaluating, and up-dating relevant aspects of each such country or regional plan. (4) Clear, transparent, and measurable dip-lomatic, development, and security bench-marks, timetables, and performance metrics for each such country and region that align with best practices where applicable. (5) Interagency plans for monitoring and evaluation, adaptive management, and iterative learning that provide for regular and iterative policy and program adapta-tions based on outcomes, lessons learned, and other evidence gathered from each such country or region and across such countries and regions. (6) Descriptions of the available policy tools to prevent violence, stabilize conflict- affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility in each such country or region. (7) Descriptions of the resources and au-thorities that would be required for each rel-evant Federal department or agency to best implement each such country or regional plan, as well as evidence-based iterative up-dates to such plans. (8) Descriptions of potential areas of im-proved partnership with respect to such country or region, regarding efforts to pre-vent violence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility, between the United States Government and— (A) international development organiza-tions; (B) relevant international donors; (C) multilateral organizations; and (D) the private sector. (d) D
ESIGNATION OF PRIORITY COUNTRIES  
ANDREGIONS .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION OF CANDIDATE COUNTRIES  
AND REGIONS .—The Secretary of State, in co-ordination with the Administrator of USAID and the Secretary of Defense and in con-sultation with the appropriate congressional committees, shall develop a list of candidate countries and regions to be considered for in-clusion under the initiative on the basis of— (A) clearly defined indicators of high levels of violence and fragility in such country or region, such as— (i) violence committed by armed groups, gender-based violence, and violence against children and youth; (ii) prevalence of, and citizen support for, adversarial armed groups; (iii) internal and external population dis-placement; (iv) patterns of human rights violations, including early warning indicators of the commission of genocide or other atrocities; (v) poor governance, pervasive corruption, and political instability; and (vi) vulnerability to current or future transnational threats; and (B) the capacity and opportunity to work across Federal departments and agencies and with local partners and other donors to pre-vent violence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long-term causes of violence and fragility with respect to such country or region, including by measur-ably— (i) improving inclusive, transparent, and accountable power structures, including ef-fective, legitimate, and resilient national and sub-national institutions; (ii) improving effective and respected con-flict prevention, mitigation, management, and resolution mechanisms; (iii) reducing levels of support among the residents of such country or region for vio-lence, violent extremism, and adversarial armed groups; (iv) ensuring strong foundations for plu-rality, non-discrimination, human rights, rule of law, and equal access to justice; (v) addressing political, social, economic, and environmental vulnerabilities, griev-ances, and conflicts; (vi) ensuring inclusive economic develop-ment and enabling business environments; and (vii) improving resilience to transnational stresses and shocks, including from orga-nized crime, violent extremist organizations, and economic and food markets crises. (2) SELECTION OF PRIORITY COUNTRIES AND  
REGIONS .—From among the candidate coun-tries and regions identified pursuant to para-graph (1), the Secretary of State, in coordi-nation with the Administrator of USAID and the Secretary of Defense, shall select certain countries as ‘‘priority countries’’ and certain regions as ‘‘priority regions’’ in a manner that ensures that— (A) countries and regions are selected in a sufficient number and of sufficient diversity to provide indicators of the various drivers and early warnings of violence, conflict, and fragility, as well as best practices for United States efforts to prevent violence, stabilize conflict-affected areas, and address the long- term causes of violence and fragility; (B) not fewer than three countries or re-gions are designated as ‘‘Stabilization Coun-tries’’ or ‘‘Stabilization Regions’’, in which the current levels of violence, violent con-flict, or fragility are among the highest in the world; (C) not fewer than three countries or re-gions are designated as ‘‘Prevention Coun-tries’’ or ‘‘Prevention Regions’’, in which current levels of violence, violent conflict, or fragility are lower than such levels in Sta-bilization Countries or Stabilization Regions but warning signs for future violence, con-flict, or fragility are significant; (D) regions, rather than individual coun-tries, are selected where the threat or spill-over of violence, conflict, or fragility threat-ens the stability of multiple countries within a single geographic region; and (E) the countries and regions selected are in the areas of responsibility of at least three geographic bureaus of the Department of State. (e) S
TAKEHOLDER CONSULTATION .—The ini- tiative required under subsection (a) shall be developed in coordination with representa-tives of local civil society and national and local governance entities, as well as relevant international development organizations, multilateral organizations, donors, and rel-evant private, academic, and philanthropic entities, as appropriate. (f) CONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State, the Administrator of USAID, and the Secretary of Defense shall provide regular briefings on the implementa-tion of this Act to any appropriate congres-sional committee upon the request of such committee. (g) M
EASURING VIOLENCE , V IOLENT CON-
FLICT , AND FRAGILITY .—For the purposes of implementing, monitoring, and evaluating the effectiveness of the priority country and regional plans required under subsection (c), progress towards preventing violence, stabi-lizing conflict-affected areas, and addressing the long-term causes of violence and fra-gility shall be measured by indicators estab-lished for each such country by relevant inter-agency country teams for each such country, informed by consultations with the stakeholders specified in subsection (e). 
SEC. 6. IMPLEMENTATION AND UPDATES OF PRI-ORITY COUNTRY AND REGIONAL PLANS. 
The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the heads of other rel-evant Federal departments and agencies, and in consultation with the relevant United States Ambassadors, USAID Mission Direc-tors, geographic Combatant Commanders, and other relevant individuals with responsi-bility over activities in each priority coun-try or region designated pursuant to section 5, shall ensure that— (1) the Global Initiative to Reduce Fra-gility and Violence and the priority country and regional plans required under such sec-tion are implemented, updated, and coordi-nated on a regular and iterative basis; (2) such initiative and country and re-gional plans are used to guide United States Government policy at a senior level and in-corporated into relevant strategies and plans across the United States Government and in each such country; (3) resources for all relevant activities and requirements of such initiative and country and regional plans are prioritized, requested, and used consistent with such initiative and country and regional plans; and (4) the results of program monitoring and evaluation under such initiative and country and regional plans are regularly reviewed and used to determine continuation, modi-fication, or termination of future year pro-gramming. 
SEC. 7. BIENNIAL REPORTS AND CONGRES-SIONAL CONSULTATION. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and every two years thereafter until the date that is 10 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State, the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on progress made and lessons learned with respect to the Glob-al Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Vio-lence and each priority country or regional plan required under section 5, including— (1) descriptions of steps taken to incor-porate such initiative and such country or regional plans into relevant strategies and plans that affect such countries or regions; (2) accountings of all funding received and obligated to implement each such country or regional plan during the past two years, as well as funding requested, planned, and pro-jected for the following two years; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.009 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9589 November 27, 2018 
(3) descriptions of progress made towards the goals and objectives established for each such priority country or region, including progress made towards achieving the specific targets, metrics, and indicators described in section 5(b); and (4) descriptions of updates made during the past two years to the goals, objectives, plans of action, and other elements described in section 5 for each such country or regional plan, as well as any changes made to pro-grams based on the results of monitoring and evaluation. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATION .—In ad- dition to the reports required under sub-section (a), the Secretary of State, the Ad-ministrator of USAID, the Secretary of De-fense, and the heads of other relevant Fed-eral departments and agencies shall jointly consult with the appropriate congressional committees at least once a year regarding progress made on the initiative and priority country and regional plans required under section 5. 
SEC. 8. GAO REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and every two years thereafter until the date that is 10 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with the Chairman and Ranking Member of the For-eign Relations Committee of the Senate and the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representatives regarding opportunities for independent review of the activities under the Global Initiative to Reduce Fra-gility and Violence and the priority country and regional plans required by section 5, in-cluding— (1) opportunities to— (A) assess the extent to which United States Government activities in each pri-ority country designated pursuant to section 5 are being implemented in accordance with the initiative and the relevant country or re-gional plan required under such section; (B) assess the processes and procedures for coordinating among and within each rel-evant Federal department or agency when implementing such initiative and each such country or regional plan; (C) assess the monitoring and evaluation efforts under such initiative and each such country or regional plan, including assess-ments of the progress made and lessons learned with respect to each such plan, as well as any changes made to activities based on the results of such monitoring and eval-uation; and (D) recommend changes necessary to bet-ter implement United States Government activities in accordance with such initiative and country and regional plans, as well as recommendations for any changes to such initiative or plans; and (2) such other matters the Comptroller General determines to be appropriate. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—All rel- evant Federal departments and agencies shall make all relevant data, documents, and other information available to the Comp-troller General for purposes of conducting independent reviews pursuant to this sec-tion. 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Foreign Relations, Armed Services, and Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services, and Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) R
ELEVANT FEDERAL DEPARTMENT OR  
AGENCY .—The term ‘‘relevant Federal de-partment or agency’’ means the Department of the Treasury and any other Federal de-partment or agency the President deter-mines is relevant to carry out the purposes of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since the horrific at-tacks of September 11, 2001, the United States has committed lives and treas-ure to help stabilize countries plagued by conflict and insecurity. We under-take these efforts because unchecked instability abroad threatens our eco-nomic, humanitarian, and security in-terests here at home. Of course, the United States cannot achieve its objectives alone. We need to coordinate with willing and able part-ners. We need to engage local leaders, empower civil society, and work with the private sector. We need to improve coordination among our own national security agencies to ensure they are working together to advance clearly defined objectives and eliminate dupli-cation and waste. Through this proc-ess, they learn and adapt. Last June, the Department of State, the U.S. Agency for International De-velopment, and the Department of De-fense released a security assistance re-view that set out a framework to im-prove U.S. security assistance pro-grams, including stabilization. The leg-islation we are considering today builds on that effort. This legislation requires the Sec-retary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, to develop a comprehen-sive initiative to address global vio-lence and instability. Within 6 months, the Secretary of State will submit to Congress an im-plementation plan that sets out clear goals and objectives, identifies priority countries and regions, defines the roles and responsibilities of each U.S. de-partment and agency, and describes ef-forts to improve coordination and pri-vate sector engagement. Then, building off that initial survey, the Secretary will submit to Congress a 10-year implementation plan for each identified priority country and region that aligns the diplomatic, develop-ment, and security activities of the United States. Mr. Speaker, this is a timely bill that will help ensure the effective use of U.S. foreign assistance, reduce violence and insecurity abroad, and keep Amer-ica safe. It enjoys bipartisan support. And it just makes sense. I would like to thank the sponsors— Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL ; the chairman of the Terrorism, Non-proliferation and Trade Subcommittee, T
EDPOE; the chairman of the Home-land Security Committee, M
IKE M
CCAUL; BILLKEATING of Massachu-setts—and their bipartisan cosponsors for their work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I am proud to have authored this bipartisan piece of legislation, and I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leader-ship in bringing it to the floor. I also want to thank Congressmen P
OE, M
CCAUL, KEATING , and A DAM SMITH for joining me as original cosponsors. Around the world, levels of violence are at a 25-year high, driving massive instability. This is a global security threat, as fragile, unstable states are breeding grounds for criminals and ter-rorists. There is a significant economic toll as well. Violence and instability under-cut American investment and develop-ment efforts, and cost the global econ-omy nearly $15 trillion a year. But probably worst of all, this vio-lence and instability has created a hu-manitarian catastrophe. The world now faces an unprecedented refugee crisis: 68.5 million people have left their homes. This is the highest level ever recorded. Naturally, we need to do more to end this violence and instability, and pre-vent it from happening in the first place. Over the years, we have learned a lot about what works to stabilize conflicts and prevent violence from breaking out. We need to update our government policies to implement those lessons. This bill does just that by estab-lishing an initiative to reduce fragility and violence, and to align American policy and programs with best prac-tices. It will require the State Depart-ment, USAID, and the Department of Defense to coordinate their diplomatic, development, and security activities, with a focus on at least six priority countries or regions. It also requires innovative approaches to coordinate our work with partners, measure re-sults, and adapt to changing condi-tions. Finally, it mandates robust over-sight to ensure our efforts are imple-mented effectively. b1645 The Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act is an important step in thwarting many of the most dev-astating crises facing the world right 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.009 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9590 November 27, 2018 
now and preventing new ones from emerging in the future. I am very happy to have authored this legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to join me in passing it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Judge T
EDPOE, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my strong support for this legislation of which I am an origi-nal cosponsor. I was proud to work alongside Ranking Member E
NGEL , Mr. A
DAM SMITH, Mr. M CCAUL, and Rep-resentative K
EATING on this legisla-tion. Around the globe today, Mr. Speaker, fractured nations are struggling with conflict, violence, and a range of other challenges that degrade security and prevent their internal development. Weak states and ungoverned places anywhere in the world provide opportu-nities for terrorism and instability to flourish. As a result, these fragile states become national security con-cerns for our country. Mr. Speaker, we need to solve prob-lems in a smarter way so we don’t have to constantly deploy America’s sons and daughters into harm’s way to fight more foreign wars. The United States has been at war consistently for over 17 straight years. Maybe it is time we rethink our philosophy of constant military involvement throughout the globe as a first response to turmoil and unrest. We need to address the underlying root causes of instability: treat the dis-ease, not just the symptoms. That is what this bill will do. It will require the development of a whole-of-govern-ment approach to targeting root causes of instability and conflict in the world’s most fragile regions before they require military interventions by the United States. Instead of parallel efforts that often respond to conflict with short-term so-lutions, this bill will require long- term, coordinated strategies that make our foreign assistance dollars more ef-fective. It will allow Congress to have more oversight of those foreign aid dol-lars. The money we spend abroad must be designed to solve problems, not end-lessly consume resources by military conflict. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rank-ing Member E
NGEL for his leadership on this critical issue. I do urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. I also want to take a moment to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for his friendship and support and his work on the Foreign Affairs Committee since I have been on the committee. I also want to thank Chairman R
OYCE , who will also be leaving Congress at the end of this session, for his work. As we have said numerous times, if more committees would work in a bi-partisan way to solve a specific goal— the long-term interests of the United States being that goal—I think things would be better here in the House. But I want to thank both of these Members for their relationship with me and for working so hard to help America solve these international problems in a bi-partisan way. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. POE) who just spoke, I think it is very appropriate now, as the Congress is moving to an end, to thank him for his hard work and for his good friendship. He really is a Member’s Member and is really indic-ative of the bipartisan showing that we had for many, many years on the For-eign Affairs Committee. We are going to miss the gentleman on the committee, and we hope he will continue to watch us and call us and keep in touch with us because he truly is a fine Member and someone whom I am really proud to call my friend. And if I may so say, and that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security and a senior member of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill I wrote with Mr. E
NGEL , my good friend, the Global Fra-gility and Violence Reduction Act. Mr. Speaker, one of our greatest na-tional security challenges is pre-venting violent conflict around the world. Violent conflict creates hostile environments and displaces and de-prives citizens. It costs the global econ-omy over $14 trillion annually. They also provide fertile recruiting grounds for terrorist groups and transnational criminal organizations, which I have tracked in my role as chairman of the Committee on Home-land Security. Often, these environ-ments thrive in states that are fragile, where the government loses legitimacy in the eyes of its own people and, ulti-mately, its ability to govern. When ignored, these breakdowns in a government ultimately can lead to lengthy and costly involvement by the United States. That is why, today, Con-gressman E
NGEL and I are proposing an innovative, new way of thinking about these challenges. The Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act requires the administra-tion to launch an initiative to reduce this fragility and violence. This will guide our efforts to reduce violent con-flict and help fragile states down a path towards stability. This bill also requires the Depart-ment of State, in coordination with USAID and the Department of Defense, to identify 10 countries or regions as a pilot program to start this new initia-tive. This initiative ensures local part-nerships are at the core of any solution in order to deliver better long-term re-sults. Since each fragile state is different, this initiative is flexible to address the causes of fragility. What may work to solve the economic and migration issues of Venezuela are likely to be dif-ferent than the solutions needed to help curb terrorist groups in west Afri-ca. By integrating the Department of State, USAID, and DOD together and prioritizing, we are reshaping how we think about how we deliver aid and de-velopment resources, preventing them from spiraling into chaos. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank, again, the ranking member; I would like to thank Chairman ROYCE for his friendship, as well as Mr. P
OEand Mr. S
MITH; and I hope everybody will at-tend the chairman’s portrait unveiling at the National Archives this evening. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the bipartisan group of lawmakers who worked with me on this bill—Mr. P
OE, Mr. M CCAUL—and I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leader-ship, as always. After 17 years of war with no end in sight, we should all be able to under-stand the value of preventing conflicts before they start. We have learned a lot about what works and what doesn’t when it comes to stabilizing conflicts and preventing violence from breaking out. This bill applies those lessons to American policy. By addressing the root causes of violence, we get closer to a safer and more stable, prosperous world. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the passage of this measure. I encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, let me begin by thanking Mr. E
NGEL , the author of this measure, and I express my deep appreciation for his help in all that we have undertaken with our committee. There are, as E
LIOT knows, 70 million men, women, and children who have been displaced by conflict around this globe. While the United States is the most generous provider of humani-tarian assistance, it is really true that no amount of tents and sheeting will stop the suffering and the misery that these people feel. We need solutions to get at the roots of these problems, and the legislation we are considering today helps us down the right path to do that. While it does not obligate the United States to take on stabilization efforts, it does provide the framework for improved coordina-tion so that we can be more strategic, more efficient, and more effective with our diplomatic development and secu-rity assistance. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5273, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.021 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9591 November 27, 2018 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
UNITED STATES-MEXICO ECONOMIC PARTNERSHIP ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1567) to promote eco-nomic partnership and cooperation be-tween the United States and Mexico, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1567 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Mexico Economic Partnership Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The United States and Mexico have ben-efitted from a bilateral, mutually beneficial partnership focused on advancing the eco-nomic interests of both countries. (2) In 2013, Mexico adopted major energy reforms that opened its energy sector to pri-vate investment, increasing energy coopera-tion between Mexico and the United States and opening new opportunities for United States energy engagement. (3) On January 18, 2018, the Principal Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Educational and Cultural Affairs at the Department of State stated, ‘‘Our exchange programs build endur-ing relationships and networks to advance U.S. national interests and foreign policy goals. . . The role of our exchanges. . . in ad-vancing U.S. national security and economic interests enjoys broad bipartisan support from Congress and other stakeholders, and provides a strong return on investment.’’. (4) According to the Institute of Inter-national Education, in the 2015-2016 academic year, more than 56,000 United States stu-dents studied in other countries in the West-ern Hemisphere region while more than 84,000 non-United States students from the region studied in the United States, but only 5,000 of those United States students studied in Mexico and only 16,000 of those non-United States students were from Mexico. (5) In March 2011, the United States launched the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative, which seeks to increase edu-cational exchanges between the United States and other countries in the Western Hemisphere region so that 100,000 United States students are studying in other coun-tries in the Western Hemisphere region and 100,000 non-United States students from the region are studying in the United States per year by 2020. (6) In January 2014, the United States es-tablished the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Innovation Fund, which seeks to realize the goals of the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative by facilitating a public-private partnership between the Department of State and nongovernmental organizations, corporations, and universities in the United States and other countries of the Western Hemisphere region. (7) To date, the 100,000 Strong in the Amer-icas Innovation Fund has awarded more than 100 grants to more than 250 higher education institutions from 25 countries in the Western Hemisphere region, and has raised $9,000,000 in investments, 75 percent of which was from corporations, foundations, and regional gov-ernments. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to continue deepening economic co-operation between the United States and Mexico; and (2) to seek to prioritize and expand edu-cational and professional exchange programs with Mexico, including through the frame-work of the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative. 
SEC. 4. STRATEGY TO PRIORITIZE AND EXPAND EDUCATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS WITH MEX-ICO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall develop a strategy to carry out the pol-icy described in section 3, to include prioritizing and expanding educational and professional exchange programs with Mexico through the framework of the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall— (1) encourage more academic exchanges be-tween the United States and Mexico at the secondary, post-secondary, and post-grad-uate levels, especially with communities and through academic institutions in the covered United States-Mexico border region; (2) encourage United States and Mexican academic institutions and businesses to col-laborate to assist prospective and developing entrepreneurs in strengthening their busi-ness skills and promoting cooperation and joint business initiatives across the United States and Mexico, with a focus on initia-tives in the covered United States-Mexico border region; (3) promote energy infrastructure coordi-nation and cooperation through support of vocational-level education, internships, and exchanges between the United States and Mexico, particularly in the region in which the Eagle Ford Shale is located and in prox-imity to such region; and (4) assess the feasibility of fostering part-nerships between universities in the United States and medical school and nursing pro-grams in Mexico to ensure that medical school and nursing programs in Mexico have comparable accreditation standards as med-ical school and nursing programs in the United States by the Accreditation and Standards in Foreign Medical Education, in addition to the Accreditation Commission For Education in Nursing, so that medical students can pass medical licensing board exams, and nursing students can pass nurs-ing licensing exams, in the United States. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to Congress a report on the strategy required under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) 100,000 
STRONG IN THE AMERICAS INITIA -
TIVE.—The term ‘‘100,000 Strong in the Amer-icas Initiative’’ means the initiative estab-lished in March 2011 by the United States Government to increase educational ex-changes in the Western Hemisphere. (2) C
OVERED UNITED STATES -MEXICO BORDER  
REGION .—The term ‘‘covered United States- Mexico border region’’ means those portions of the United States and Mexico that are within 100 kilometers of the international boundary between those countries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-resentative C
UELLAR and Representa-tive C
ASTRO as well as the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Mr. E
NGEL , and the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, M
IKEMCCAUL, for their work on the legislation that we are considering here today. The United States and Mexico share strong economic and cultural ties. As our neighbor to the south, a strong, stable Mexico benefits the United States. Realizing this, we already have many professional and educational ex-changes between our two countries to help see that young people in Mexico graduate from school and enter the workforce with the skills, the creden-tials, and the experience that they need in the 21st century. In the 2015–2016 school year, 5,000 U.S. students studied abroad in Mexico while 16,000 Mexican students studied in the U.S. They did this through var-ious exchange programs. These are good numbers, true, but more can be done to ensure that our young people are taking advantage of existing opportunities to study in both countries, and this bill builds on exist-ing programs to expand and strengthen these exchanges. In particular, the bill focuses on ex-changes in four important areas, and these are higher education, medical school, entrepreneurship, and the en-ergy sector. These are all areas from which the U.S. and Mexico stand to mutually benefit from greater coopera-tion. There are, of course, areas in which the U.S.-Mexico relationship can im-prove. For example, Mexico needs to do more to combat the rampant corrup-tion that has taken its toll on its citi-zens’ trust. But this does not mean that our two countries cannot work together to en-sure a brighter, more successful future for young people in both of our coun-tries. Educational and professional ex-changes are key to that goal, so I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. This is a good bill. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.023 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9592 November 27, 2018 
thank its authors and Chairman R OYCE  for bringing it forward. I will discuss its merits in a moment because I can’t, in good conscience, stand on the House floor and talk about our economic partnership with Mexico and not speak for a moment on what is happening right now on our southern border. The President tweeted that the mi-grants seeking asylum in our country are stone-cold criminals. I have seen the images, and I don’t see stone-cold criminals. I see children with bare feet. I see hungry mothers. I see toddlers in diapers. I see desperate fathers. And I see tear gas being lobbed from the United States into Mexico. The President says not to worry. He says it is a very safe sort of tear gas. The American people aren’t stupid. The American people know what this coun-try stands for. They know we are a na-tion of immigrants. They know that America doesn’t kick people when they are down or slam the door on those fleeing poverty and violence. I hope the President gets the mes-sage. Now, the measure before us deals with our incredibly important relation-ship with our neighbor to the south, Mexico. Mexico is our close friend and ally, our third largest trading partner, and a country with which we share ex-traordinarily close cultural and person- to-person ties. This bill builds on the Obama admin-istration’s 100,000 Strong in the Amer-icas initiative by requiring the Sec-retary of State to expand the exchange programs that allow our students and business leaders to share and learn from each other. There is no better way to advance the future of our bilateral ties than by allowing young people and profes-sionals to experience what makes each of our countries unique. It is also critical that we send a strong message to the Mexican people that the United States Congress will not walk away from them, despite any damage done to our relationship over the past several years. As I have said many times in the Foreign Affairs Committee and on the House floor, the United States should be in the business of building bridges, not walls, to our friends in Mexico. The timing of this legislation could not be more ideal. b1700 Mr. Speaker, 4 days from now, An-dres Manuel Lopez Obrador will be sworn in as President of Mexico. By passing this measure today, the House of Representatives is recommitting itself to our bilateral relationship. We are sending a loud and clear message that the prosperity of our countries’ futures depends on an enduring U.S.- Mexico relationship. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), the author of this bill. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , for yielding to me and also for his leader-ship in helping to bring this bill to the floor. I thank him and his staff for the wonderful work that they have done. I also thank Chairman R
OYCE and his staff for their leadership. I, with both Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL , spoke a lot about this bill and why it is important that we pass this particular bill. I thank my colleagues, Representa-tive C
ASTRO and Representative P OE, who helped on this bill. I thank them for their work on the committee, and also Representative M
CCAUL for sign-ing on as a bipartisan measure. In fact, in the next few days, on Fri-day, Representative M
CCAUL, myself, and a delegation will be going over to Mexico for the swearing in. I think this is a very appropriate time, as Mr. E
NGEL mentioned, to have this bill to send this positive message. This bill is important in many ways. It is bipartisan legislation that pro-motes mutual national security inter-ests and economic partnership and co-operation between the United States and Mexico, with a focus on the energy, health, entrepreneurship, and edu-cation sectors. Mexico is one of the United States’ top trading partners, with an esti-mated $615 billion in two-way trade be-tween those two countries, which means that every day there is more than $1.3 billion of trade between the U.S. and Mexico. That means that every single minute you are talking about more than $1 million of trade be-tween the U.S. and Mexico, and this is why it is very important to have this type of relationship. As the chairman mentioned a few minutes ago, in the 2015–2016 academic year, according to the Institute of International Education, more than 56,000 United States students studied in other countries in the Western Hemi-sphere, while more than 84,000 non-U.S. students from that region studied in the U.S. However, there are only 5,000 of those United States students who studied in Mexico, and only 16,000 of those non- U.S. students were from Mexico. This is why we need to do more to increase our educational exchange with our very important trading partner. Specifically, this bill establishes that it should be the policy of the United States to continue deepening the eco-nomic cooperation between the United States and Mexico and to expand the educational and professional exchange programs with our neighbors to the south. In order to do this, it would re-quire the Secretary of State to develop a strategy that: One, encourages more economic ex-changes between the two countries at the secondary, postsecondary, and postgraduate levels, especially with communities in the southern border re-gion; Two, encourages the United States and Mexican academic institutions and businesses to collaborate to train as-piring entrepreneurs; Three, promotes energy infrastruc-ture coordination and cooperation through the support of vocational edu-cation, internships, and exchanges be-tween both countries; and Four, assesses the feasibility of fos-tering binational partnerships between universities and medical school and nursing programs, and that is a natural fit that we can do with that particular neighbor to the south. So, again, if we increase economic exchanges at universities that we have in Texas and across California and New Mexico and Arizona and other parts, that basically means that we will bet-ter prepare our students for success in the workplace and increase job oppor-tunities for those areas and the small businesses along the border. Again, to conclude, I thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Chairman E
DROYCE . He is very passionate about Mexico, and I thank him for that passion. I thank Ranking Member E
LIOT E
NGEL again. He is very passionate. I think this is something that we feel is very important about Mexico, and I thank him for advancing this bill through the committee. And, again, to the staff, both on the Republican side and on the Democratic side, I thank them. So, to conclude, I encourage my col-leagues to support this important piece of legislation, and I look forward to seeing this bill pass into law. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I close by again empha-sizing the importance of the U.S.-Mex-ico relationship. For so many years, this relationship was characterized by mistrust. That has changed over the past two decades. As just one example, bilateral co-operation on counternarcotics is now the norm and led to the extradition of drug kingpin El Chapo Guzman to the United States in the last hours of the Obama administration. He is on trial now in an American court. Mr. Speaker, 20 years ago, it would have been hard to imagine coming to the House floor in support of a bipar-tisan bill on educational exchanges with Mexico. Now a bill like this will glide through the House with little op-position. But we cannot take this cooperation for granted. Far too much is at stake to allow the bilateral relationship be-tween the United States and Mexico to deteriorate. There is a new govern-ment, a new leader of Mexico coming in, and I hope we can very swiftly es-tablish the good relationship that our two countries have and not dwell on some of the recent discussions and problems involving a wall or anything else. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.024 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9593 November 27, 2018 
So I thank my colleagues for joining me in supporting this legislation to double down on the successes in the U.S.-Mexico partnership. I thank Chairman R
OYCE , I thank the sponsors of this bill, I thank Mr. C
UELLAR , and I thank all our colleagues for supporting this bill. I urge its immediate passage. The U.S.-Mexico partnership is one of our most important partnerships, and the House of Representatives ought to be doing everything it can to enhance that relationship, and that is one of the things we are doing by passing this bill today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to again stress that this is one of America’s most important relation-ships. I would also like to stress my appre-ciation for the work of Congressman H
ENRY CUELLAR not just on this bill, but on the overall relationship with Mexico. I have had the opportunity to work with him in the past. I know his passion on this, and I appreciate his ef-fectiveness. I thank Representative C
ASTRO as well, and, of course, the ranking mem-ber of this committee, Mr. E
NGEL . And I should mention the work, also, of the chairman of our Homeland Security Committee, M
IKE MCCAUL. They all worked on the legislation we are con-sidering today. I think that educational and profes-sional exchanges really allow young American and Mexican students and young professionals the chance to not only experience a new culture for them, but also to ensure that our young people graduate from school and enter the workforce with the skills, the credentials, the experience, and the knowledge also about our neighbors, the knowledge they need in the 21st century. I urge all of my colleagues to join us in supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1567, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PREVENTING DESTABILIZATION OF IRAQ ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4591) to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iranian persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THREATENING PEACE OR STABILITY IN IRAQ. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of State should continue to implement Executive Order 13438 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking prop-erty of certain persons who threaten sta-bilization efforts in Iraq). (b) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any foreign person that the President determines know-ingly commits a significant act of violence that has the direct purpose or effect of— (1) threatening the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq; (2) undermining the democratic process in Iraq; or (3) undermining significantly efforts to promote economic reconstruction and polit-ical reform in Iraq or to provide humani-tarian assistance to the Iraqi people. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a foreign person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (b) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMIS -
SION, OR PAROLE .— (i) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) determines is subject to subsection (b) is— (I) inadmissible to the United States; (II) ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and (III) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (ii) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Any visa or other docu-mentation issued to an alien who is a foreign person that is described in subsection (b) re-gardless of when such visa or other docu-mentation was issued, shall be revoked and such alien shall be denied admission to the United States. (II) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under subclause (I) shall take effect imme-diately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that is subject to sanctions described in paragraph (1)(A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in sub-sections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of that section. (3) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (d) WAIVER .—The President may, on a case- by-case basis and for periods not to exceed 180 days, waive the application of sanctions in this section with respect to a foreign per-son if the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees at least 15 days before such waiver is to take effect that such waiver is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION AUTHORITY .—The President may exercise all authorities pro-vided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for purposes of carrying out this section. (f) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this sec-tion. (2) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 10 days before the promulgation of reg-ulations under paragraph (1), the President shall notify and provide to the appropriate congressional committees the proposed regu-lations and the provisions of this section that the regulations are implementing. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101(3) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(3)). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (3) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (4) G
OVERNMENT OF IRAQ .—The term ‘‘Gov-ernment of Iraq’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (5) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (6) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.311 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (7) P
ROPERTY ; PROPERTY INTEREST .—The terms ‘‘property’’ and ‘‘property interest’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 576.312 of title 31, Code of Federal Regu-lations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (8) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.317 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (h) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be effective beginning on January 1, 2022. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION WITH RESPECT TO THE IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. 
(a) D ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.026 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9594 November 27, 2018 
appropriate congressional committees a de-termination, including a detailed justifica-tion, on whether Asa’ib Ahl al-Haq, Harakat Hizballah al-Nujaba, Liwa Fatemiyoun, Liwa Zainebiyoun, and any foreign person that is an official, agent, affiliate of, or owned or controlled by Asa’ib Ahl al-Haq, Harakat Hizballah al-Nujaba, Liwa Fatemiyoun, or Liwa Zainebiyoun meets the criteria for— (1) designation as a foreign terrorist orga-nization pursuant to section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (2) the application of sanctions pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; re-lating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); or (3) the application of sanctions pursuant to section 2 of this Act. (b) A
DDITIONAL DETERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall include in the determination submitted under subsection (a) an additional deter-mination, including a detailed justification, on whether any of the individuals described in paragraph (2) meets the criteria for the application of sanctions described in para-graph (2) or (3) of subsection (a). (2) I
NDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—The individ-uals described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: (A) Qais al-Khazali. (B) Laith al-Khazali. (C) Akram Abbas al-Kaabi. (D) Shibl al-Zaydi. (E) Kazim al-Ta’i. (F) Hamid al-Jazairi. (G) Ali al-Yasiri. (c) F
ORM.—The determination in sub-section (a) and the additional determination in subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may contain a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate. 
SEC. 4. WATCHLISTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall annually establish, maintain, and pub-lish a list of armed groups, militias, or proxy forces in Iraq receiving logistical, military, or financial assistance from Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps or over which Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps exerts any form of control or influence. (b) P
UBLICATION .—The lists required under subsection (a) shall be published at the same time as the Department of State’s Annual Country Reports on Terrorism, beginning with the first such Country Reports pub-lished after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) F
ORM.—If the Secretary of State deter-mines that it is appropriate to do so, the Secretary may, not later than 30 days after publication of the Annual Country Reports on Terrorism referred to in subsection (b), submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate a classified annex. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume Mr. Speaker, this past September, thousands of Iraqis protested through-out the south of the country calling for Iran to stop meddling in their democ-racy. Yet, as these protesters shouted out, ‘‘Iran out,’’ their pleas were met with bullets by militias funded by and commanded by Iranians. This latest bout of violence in Iraq is not surprising. Iran has used the fight against ISIS as an excuse to expand its footprint inside Iraq and to fund tens of thousands of militia forces. Even as ISIS has receded in Iraq, Iranian- backed militias have continued to ex-pand throughout the country and to ex-pand into Syria, where these militias have helped the brutal Assad regime commit countless war crimes. These Iranian-backed militias not only threaten the Syrian and Iraqi peo-ple, they also pose a serious threat to U.S. personnel serving overseas, and I will tell you why. Mr. Speaker, 2 months ago, one of these militias launched mortars at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, prompting a stern warning from the administration that the U.S. will hold the Iranian re-gime accountable for any attack by these militias against any U.S. per-sonnel or U.S. Government facility. These militias also pose a direct threat to Israel. Some have formed a so-called Golan Liberation Brigade, with the explicit intent to attack Israel. The U.N. Ambassador, Nikki Haley, has cited reports alleging that Iran has begun transferring ballistic missiles to these militias that are in Iraq. Despite all this, many of these Ira-nian-backed militias have not been designated as terrorist organizations nor are they otherwise subject to U.S. sanctions, despite being affiliates of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. This over-sight could allow these militias to ac-cess the U.S. financial system. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legisla-tion will allow support and it will bring that support to democracy in Iraq, and it will counter Iran’s deadly influence there. This bill is narrowly tailored to go after those militias directly funded and commanded by the IRGC—the same militias that have attacked our soldiers; the same militias that con-tinue to threaten those in the region. I am pleased that this bill also in-cludes provisions to establish a watch list of Iranian-backed militias in Iraq, which will allow Congress to contin-ually monitor Iran’s activity in the country, including new militias which may emerge in the future. The Iraqi people deserve and want genuine political reform and democ-racy, and above all else, they want peace. This cannot happen so long as Iran continues to fund and command militias within Iraq. Empowering Iranian militias is a step backwards for Iraq. Instead, it would introduce the Hezbollah model and all the chaos that goes along with it. Iranian influence will only perpet-uate the cycle of violence and increase the sectarian polarization, once again creating the conditions for the reemer-gence of ISIS, al-Qaida, and other rad-ical Islamist groups. For all these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, November 27, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with re-spect to H.R. 4591, the ‘‘Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 4591 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 4591 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4591 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 27, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4591, the Pre-venting Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.011 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9595 November 27, 2018 
the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4591 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, November 26, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write to you re-garding H.R. 4591, the ‘‘Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2017’’, which the Committee on Ways and Means has juris-dictional interest. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4591 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, including asset blocking, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual under-standing that we do not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Com-mittee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our juris-diction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legisla-tion, and requests your support for such re-quest. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4591 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 27, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request on H.R. 4591, the Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4591 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this meas-ure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
b1715 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I thank Representatives KINZINGER , POE, and S UOZZI for their bipartisan leadership on this legisla-tion. And, of course, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for working with me to get this legislation into shape for the floor. The vision that Democrats and Re-publicans have for Iraq is very similar. We all want to see Iraqis work together to provide for a more prosperous future for their country. We want the greatest number of Iraqis to access the wealth of their country’s natural resources. We want to see Iraqis focus more on what unites them than what divides them. We want to prevent the resur-gence of ISIS and the next generation of ISIS or al-Qaida. We want to protect religious minorities. That is why it is so important to bring this legislation to the floor today. That is why Republicans and Democrats worked together to find common ground on American policies in Iraq. Especially after the Iraqi elec-tion, when it remains unclear which path Iraq will choose, we want to dem-onstrate to the Iraqi people that we support their efforts to build a better country. This bill penalizes those who want to exploit Iraq’s sectarian differences and those who use violence toward those ends. It also establishes a separate watch list to help keep track of proxy groups in Iraq that are doing the bid-ding of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. It sends the message that those in power must prioritize answering to the Iraqi people and not to Iran. We hope that this legislation will empower those who seek a better future for Iraq and its people. I am glad to support H.R. 4591, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ). A mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, he is the author of this bill, and his service to our Nation includes the time he spent as an Air Force pilot serving in Iraq and in Afghanistan. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his many years of service. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4591, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq of 2018, which I introduced with my colleague, Representative S
UOZZI . Since the toppling of Saddam Hus-sein, Iran has been working to gain ac-cess and influence in Iraq by disman-tling American efforts to stabilize the country and the region. It is abun-dantly clear that Iran is working to gain influence in Iraq to further their radical agenda, and we must do every-thing in our power to counter their ty-rannical regime and provide hope for the Iraqi people. I am troubled by the growing influ-ence of Iranian-backed Popular Mobili-zation Forces, which are being set up as a parallel military structure to un-dermine the Iraqi security forces. Just this week, we saw the head of a powerful PMF, which would be sanc-tioned under this legislation, demand-ing that the Iraqi Government allow these militias to secure the border with Syria. Not only would this legitimize the PMF, but it would also give the Iranians one of their greatest desires, a secure land bridge to supply weapons and troops from Tehran to the Medi-terranean. Over the past few months, we have seen the security situation in Iraq slip further into despair. The U.S. com-pounds in Baghdad and Basra were at-tacked by Iranian-backed groups, re-sulting in the latter shutting its doors. I believe retreating will only hurt the Iraqis and make the region a more dan-gerous place, a lesson that we have al-ready learned once. Following the elections in Iraq this year, we saw Iranian proxies and mili-tias, as well as Iraqis working on be-half of the Iranians, attempting to form a coalition government in Bagh-dad. This act, which passed the committee unanimously, would impose sanctions on Iranians or any other person who threatens the peace and stability of Iraq. It will also sanction several ter-rorist organizations, as well as their leaders, many of which are trained and funded by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. Passage of this legislation ensures that the Iranians are not given a free pass to meddle in the affairs of the Iraqi people. I thank all my colleagues for their work on this legislation. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ), an original cosponsor of the bill. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL and Chairman R
OYCE for their bipartisan cooperation in this committee, and I thank Rep-resentative K
INZINGER for his leader-ship on promoting stability in the Mid-dle East overall. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of the bipartisan H.R. 4591, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018. At the 2018 United Nations General Assembly, Iranian President Rouhani spoke against foreign interventions and impositions of ‘‘alien wishes of the people of the region.’’ Iran’s Foreign Minister Javad Zarif complained about countries that support ‘‘nonstate ac-tors who wreak havoc through terror.’’ They both might want to look in the mirror. In Iraq, Iranian-backed militias have committed human rights abuses for years, executing and beating civilians and looting homes. These same mili-tias have taken roles in trying to influ-ence Iraq’s nascent political system. In Iraq’s recent elections, IRGC Com-mander Qasem Soleimani personally meddled in Iraq’s political process by coercing Shiite parties with differing views to form a parliamentary major-ity, one that presumably would favor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.014 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9596 November 27, 2018 
Iran’s agenda. This, of course, is only one example of Iranian activities across the Middle East. In Syria, Iranian-backed militias have done their own share of mur-dering and looting. In Yemen, the Ira-nian-backed Houthis oppress their own people and fire ballistic missiles at ci-vilians in Saudi Arabia. From Bahrain to Lebanon, Iran has played a desta-bilizing role. H.R. 4591 would sanction any foreign person, not just Iranians, conducting significant destabilizing activities in Iraq. Corruption is endemic and rampant in Iraq’s political system. Iraq’s long- term stability depends on a representa-tive government that reflects the will of the people. This bill requires our government to review the status of two of Tehran’s proxies in Iran, HHN and AAH, and as-sess whether the State Department should designate them as foreign ter-rorist organizations. By 2011, AAH claimed responsibility for thousands of attacks on U.S. and coalition forces, including the tragic 2007 attack on the Karbala provincial headquarters, which resulted in the execution of four Americans. The group is notorious for its use of explosively formed penetrators, the devastating IEDs that have killed and maimed far too many American troops and civil-ians. HHN, a hybrid of fighters from AAH and Hezbollah Brigades of Iraq, played an active role against Americans dur-ing the Iraq war, and now in Syria’s civil war, boasting of a unit in the Golan Heights targeting Israel. These groups claim they exist to pro-tect Iraqis, but as the evidence clearly demonstrates, they terrorize their countrymen and innocents across the region. But these militias are not the only security threat in Iraq. Although the Islamic State has largely been driven from Iraq, the country still faces a myriad of economic and political chal-lenges. Left unaddressed, Iraq could once again destabilize, creating a void for ISIS or other extremists to fill and, once again, throw the region into chaos and turmoil. This summer, citizens of Basra, Iraq’s second largest city, openly pro-tested the corruption and mismanage-ment that has tainted their water sup-ply and left their electrical grid in tat-ters. They directed some of their anger at the Iranian-backed militias that have enriched themselves while ordi-nary Iraqis suffered. The Iraqi Government cannot provide the services its citizens so desperately need while so much power is controlled by the militias. We need to stand with and aid Iraqis that merely want to root out corruption and malign foreign in-terference in their internal affairs. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 4591. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida, I LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, who chairs the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Chairman R
OYCE , and I commend both the Speaker and Ranking Member E
NGEL . I am going to miss serving with you, E
LIOT, as Chair-man R
OYCE and I say bye-bye in just a few weeks. But I thank them for al-ways bringing to the floor bipartisan bills that make America a stronger place. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Mr. K
INZINGER ’s bill, H.R. 4591, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018. This timely bill will impose sanctions against a multitude of Ira-nian militias, proxies, terrorist groups, and other nefarious entities that are operating in Iraq. And it makes it clear that the United States will not allow Iran to continue undermining the sta-bility of Iraq. This bill also includes important lan-guage authored by our presiding offi-cer, Judge P
OE, ensuring that the State Department determines that if certain Iranian-affiliated individuals are oper-ating as terrorists, then they should be designated as terrorists. It further includes language by our great friend Congressman J
OEWILSON  of South Carolina, requiring a deter-mination on whether Afghan and Paki-stani brigades, under the control of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, should also be designated. This is common sense, Mr. Speaker. As A
DAM KINZINGER knows firsthand, Iran has been working against U.S. in-terests in Iraq for years, and it is di-rectly responsible for American casual-ties and is intent on continuing to de-stabilize Iraq for its own purposes. We have to ensure that there are pen-alties for Iran’s activities by doing ev-erything that we can to block their proxies’ assets, to cut off their funding, and to restrict their travel. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E
NGEL . As we know, Iraq is a very important partner. This bill prioritizes its stability, and I thank the sponsor, Mr. K
INZINGER , for authoring this bill. I encourage all of my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This is both a happy and sad moment for me. I am happy because, in the new Congress, I will be in the majority. But I am sad because so many of my friends are retiring, not coming back. I mentioned my good friend Mr. P
OE before, and I just want to mention our now Speaker up here, my good friend, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . We have been working together for more than 25 years in passing all kinds of important legislation involving people’s support around the world, making lives a little bit better for people, and working here to promote democracy at home. I want to have the opportunity to say that this Congress will be missing you. I know I will be missing you, and I know we will be in touch. You are the kind of Member that we need more of, someone who always reached across the aisle, someone who always worked in a bipartisan manner, and someone who was effective and intelligent. I am just proud to call you my friend. I had to say that. So I am going to close and say that Iraq is at a crossroads. We have another speaker? I am sorry. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas, Judge TEDPOE, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I want to reiterate that when the For-eign Affairs Committee meets and makes a decision, we do that almost in unison, Republicans and Democrats, looking out for the best foreign policy of the United States. And Chairman R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL , Chairman E
NGEL , will do a great job in leading that effort, as you have done in the past when you were chair of the For-eign Affairs Committee. I am proud to support Representative K
INZINGER ’s bill, the Preventing Desta-bilization of Iraq Act of 2018. For too long, Iraq has been the cen-ter of chaos and instability in the Mid-dle East. While much of this is due to terrorist groups, its expansionist, saber-rattling neighbor to the east also bears enormous responsibility for un-dermining Iraq’s sovereignty and secu-rity. Iran is determined, in my opinion, to make Iraq a puppet state of its tyr-anny. For years, Iran has armed and fi-nanced thousands of Iraqi militia fight-ers loyal to Tehran to spread its influ-ence and fight its foreign wars. Many of these militiamen have American blood on their hands as well as their own countrymen’s. Earlier this year, Iran’s proxies in Iraq seized more seats in Iraq’s par-liament and used violence to crush anti-Iranian protests. This legislation codifies crucial au-thorities to target Iran’s destabilizing activity. b1730 The bill also includes parts of my Ira-nian Proxies Terrorist Sanctions bill, which calls for the designation of two of the deadliest Iraqi militia groups backed by Iran: AAH and HHN. These killers have attacked Ameri-cans, including firing rockets at U.S. diplomatic facilities in Iraq as recently as this past August. They have participated in Bashar al- Assad’s slaughter of the Syrian people and expressed a desire to attack Israel. War is in the mind of the Ayatollah. We must battle Iran in the arenas it hopes to control. Iraq is one of those key arenas. This legislation is a step towards confronting Iran’s conquest of the Mid-dle East. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.029 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9597 November 27, 2018 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote for this important leg-islation and for the Senate to quickly bring it to the floor to help stop Iran, the world’s number one state sponsor of terror, from spreading its violent hate. And that is just the way it is, Madam Speaker. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Madam Speaker, it seems like we are playing revolving or musical chairs, but it is so good, because I get to see all my friends from different angles. Madam Speaker, Iraq is at a cross-roads. And as someone who wants to see Iraq succeed in promoting plu-ralism and tolerance, I support this legislation because it will help Iraqis build a better future. This bill makes it clear that the United States will not side with those who continue to foment sectarian strife. No matter where you are from, if you undermine the democratic proc-ess in Iraq, if you threaten peace and stability there, if you prevent the de-livery of humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people, you will be penalized. That is why this bill is so important. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 4591 and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues for their bipar-tisan work on this important legisla-tion. This measure will send a clear message to the Iraqi people that the U.S. supports them in their quest for peace and stability and democracy. Still recovering from the atrocities and desolation left by ISIS, the Iraqi people deserve a chance to establish a stable democracy free of Iranian med-dling. To be clear, these Iranian-backed mi-litias are not just a threat to the Iraqi people. These same militias have launched mortars at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad and continue to threaten Israel. It is well past the time that these militias face justice and account-ability for their war crimes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4591, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO DEMOCRACY AND AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6207) to support de-mocracy and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6207 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Ac-countability Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Democratic Republic of Congo has historically faced election-related political instability, endemic corruption, armed con-flict, gross human rights abuses, and human-itarian crises, which destabilizes the region and causes massive human suffering; (2) the United States has provided billions of dollars to help stabilize the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including through hu-manitarian aid, development assistance, and support for peacekeeping operations, since the end of the civil and regional war in 2003; (3) the stability of the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo is a strategic priority for the United States on the African continent and it is in the national security interest of the United States to support accountable gov-ernance in the Democratic Republic of Congo; (4) United States policy with respect to the Democratic Republic of Congo should focus on helping the country become more stable and democratic, including through sup-porting legitimate state authority, such that the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo is better able to respond to and pro-vide for the basic needs of its citizens and live in peaceful coexistence with its neigh-bors; (5) the Government of the Democratic Re-public of Congo should comply with all obli-gations under its Constitution, the Inter-national Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ratified on November 1, 1976, and the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement brokered by the Congolese Conference of Catholic Bishops, by— (A) immediately lifting restrictions on the freedoms of assembly, expression, and asso-ciation; (B) releasing all political prisoners, includ-ing those detained for peacefully exercising their rights; (C) ensuring that state security forces pro-tect the rights of peaceful demonstrators; (D) bringing to justice security force per-sonnel accused of serious abuses against citi-zens, including against protesters or opposi-tion supporters; and (E) allowing private media outlets to oper-ate freely; (6) the United States should continue to support efforts to hold free, fair, and demo-cratic elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including by supporting the completion of an inclusive, transparent voter registration process and civic education, pre-venting or mitigating violence, and facili-tating credible election observation by the African Union, the Southern African Devel-opment Community, and other appropriate civil society entities. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON HUMANITARIAN  A
SSISTANCE FOR THE PEOPLE OF THE DEMO-
CRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, should continue to provide humanitarian and development as-sistance to the people of the Democratic Re-public of the Congo through credible and independent nongovernmental organizations, including local partners, human rights orga-nizations, women-led organizations, and faith-based or non-faith-based organizations. In providing such assistance, the Secretary and Administrator should prioritize— (1) promoting partnerships with organiza-tions that have had a long-term presence in the country and have achieved measurable impact, including by building the capacity of local partners, human rights organizations, women-led organizations, or faith-based or non-faith-based organizations to address local needs; (A) placing the country on a trajectory to-ward ending the need for foreign assistance; and (2) evaluating the comparative merits of grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other methods for providing foreign as-sistance. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR  D
EMOCRATIC GOVERNANCE AND CONFLICT MITI-
GATION MECHANISMS IN THE DEMOCRATIC RE-
PUBLIC OF THE CONGO .—It is the sense of Con-gress that the Secretary of State and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development should— (1) continue to— (A) support long-term peace and stability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo by strengthening democratic institutions and promoting respect for the rule of law at the national, provincial, and local levels; (B) support the capacity of civil society ac-tors to promote transparency, account-ability, freedom of expression, and anti-cor-ruption efforts; (C) support conflict prevention and mitiga-tion activities where appropriate, particu-larly in the Kasai region, the Tanganyika Province, the North and South Kivu Prov-inces, and the Ituri Province; and (D) work to address the root causes of chronic violence and fragility, with a focus on youth empowerment, education, and the promotion of justice and accountability mechanisms; and (2) seek to work directly with and through credible, independent, nongovernmental or-ganizations, including local partners, human rights organizations, women-led organiza-tions, and faith-based or non-faith-based or-ganizations, to— (A) defend internationally recognized democratic rights; (B) support freedom of expression, includ-ing through media broadcasting; (C) combat public corruption; and (D) improve the transparency and account-ability of governing institutions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORT FOR EFFORTS AT THE UNITED NATIONS ON THE DEMOCRATIC RE-PUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
The President should instruct the Perma-nent Representative of the United States to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to— (1) emphasize the importance of imple-menting the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement to the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo, including the need to lift restrictions on the freedoms of assembly, expression, and association, and the need to conduct free, fair, and demo-cratic elections; (2) keep the humanitarian and political crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the regular agenda of the United Nations Security Council until the comple-tion of a peaceful transfer of power through free, fair, and democratic elections; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.032 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9598 November 27, 2018 
(3) ensure that the United Nations Organi-zation Stabilization Mission in the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo has an appro-priately focused mandate tailored to secu-rity and governance conditions on the ground with a particular focus on civilian protection, and that the mission has suffi-cient means, including specialized personnel and effective leadership, to execute its man-date; and (4) improve Member states’ implementa-tion of United Nations Security Council-im-posed sanctions on individuals and entities violating the United Nations arms embargo, threatening the peace and security of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, engaging in human or resource trafficking, or perpe-trating gross human rights violations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
SEC. 4. CODIFICATION OF SANCTIONS RELATING TO THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—United States sanctions provided for in Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to the conflict in the Democratic Re-public of the Congo) and Executive Order 13413 (71 Fed. Reg. 64103; relating to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo), as amended by Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo), as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall remain in effect for the 5-year period beginning on such date of enactment unless the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo— (1) is making significant progress towards holding free and fair elections and respecting the freedoms of press, expression, and assem-bly, as described in the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement and in United Nations Security Council Resolution 2348 (2017); or (2) has held free and fair presidential elec-tions in accordance with the Constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and a democratically elected President has been sworn in and taken office. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authorities of the President under the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other provision of law. (c) L
IST OF SENIOR POLITICAL FIGURES .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a list of each senior foreign po-litical figure, as such term is defined in sec-tion 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act), of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. (d) A
DDITIONAL SANCTIONS DETERMINATION  R
EQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report listing each per-son included in the list required by sub-section (c) that the President determines meets the criteria to be sanctionable pursu-ant to one or more of the following: (1) Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo). (2) Executive Order 13413 (71 Fed. Reg. 64103; relating to blocking property of cer-tain persons contributing to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo). (3) Executive Order 13818 (82 Fed. Reg. 60839; relating to blocking the property of persons involved in serious human rights abuse or corruption). (4) Paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1263(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (e) REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES AND  C
ORRUPTION IN THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF  
THE CONGO .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing each of the following: (1) The extent to which government offi-cials in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including members of the military and security services, are responsible for or complicit in human rights abuses against ci-vilians, including by deliberately impeding humanitarian access to civilians. (2) The methods used to transfer and con-ceal financial assets of senior officials of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that are acquired through acts of corruption. (3) United States actions to combat such corruption, which could include the issuance of a FinCEN Advisory by the Department of the Treasury or the imposition of targeted sanctions. (4) To what extent and in what manner such corruption threatens the security of the surrounding region or United States national security interests. (5) Any assistance provided by the United States to facilitate oversight, transparency, and adherence to due diligence and account-ability measures within the Democratic Re-public of the Congo’s minerals, forestry, and agribusiness sectors. (f) F
ORM; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .— (1) F
ORM.—The list required by subsection (c) and the reports required by subsections (d) and (e) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified portion of the report required by subsection (e) shall be published on a publicly available website of the Department of State. (g) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. This is the Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Account-ability Act. Mr. Speaker, I would begin by thank-ing Congressman SMITH and Congress-woman K
AREN BASS, they are the chairman and ranking member of the Africa Subcommittee, and I thank the ranking member of this committee, Mr. E
NGEL , for their work on this bi-partisan legislation. Long overdue elections in the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo are sched-uled now for December 23, 2018. But we all know that simply holding elections is not enough. President Kabila already has re-mained in power 2 years past his con-stitutional mandate. And while I am pleased that he will reportedly step aside, the corruption of the Kabila gov-ernment runs much deeper than just the presidency. Government officials and security forces continue to use their positions of power to undermine the election and to stoke instability in the country. Peaceful protests have been met with violence, with mass arrests. They have even been met with torture. New re-ports of abuse and intimidation against journalists and against activists by government forces emerge now every day. Meanwhile, arbitrary legal impedi-ments have barred prominent opposi-tion candidates from running. The gov-ernment insists on using untested and confusing voting machines, leaving the election vulnerable to vote manipula-tion and to rigging. Throughout all of this, the govern-ment continues to boycott inter-national efforts to support election preparations and to increase humani-tarian assistance, and continues to deny, in the face of serious and mount-ing evidence, that there is a problem. I have been on three trips to the Congo over this issue over the years. The people of the Congo are suffering and the humanitarian situation is dire. Over 4 million Congolese are internally displaced. More than 13 million people are in urgent need of humanitarian as-sistance, including 7 million facing acute food insecurity. And another Ebola outbreak is threatening the lives of thousands. We know that government security forces are responsible for horrific human rights abuses and for provoking instability across the DRC. Just last year, two researchers were killed inves-tigating human rights abuses in the country. One of these researchers was an American. The government con-tinues to block efforts to fully inves-tigate and hold individuals account-able. This cannot stand. The U.S. must be fully engaged in support of the Congolese people and their struggle to freely choose their next leader. This legislation we are considering today is a call to action. It requires a determination on individuals responsible for undermining peace and security, impeding the democratic process, committing human rights vio-lations, and engaging in corruption so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.013 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9599 November 27, 2018 
that they can be sanctioned. It calls for a focus on those that are blocking the democratic process. Mr. Speaker, we have seen this sad situation before in the DRC. We have seen instability and conflict spill into neighboring countries and undermine the entire region. We cannot let this cycle continue. A failed election in De-cember would surely inflame the vio-lence. This is why we must take deci-sive action to hold individuals account-able and ensure free and fair elections this December. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), and I ask unani-mous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS), the lead Democrat on this bill and the ranking member of the Africa Subcommittee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly support H.R. 6207, the Democratic Republic of the Congo De-mocracy and Accountability Act of 2018. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important piece of legislation that seeks to promote free and fair elections in the DRC by imposing sanctions on high level individuals who are under-mining democratic processes and insti-tutions in the country as well as those who are responsible for extrajudicial killings and have engaged in public corruption. The DRC has the potential to be one of the richest countries on Earth. It has abundant deposits of copper, gold, diamonds, cobalt, and many other min-erals. The Congo River is the second largest river in the world and the most powerful river in Africa, making way for enormous potential to generate hy-droelectric power, and some scientists say it could provide enough power for all of sub-Saharan Africa’s electricity needs. DRC also has great agricultural potential, with its 80 million hectares of arable land, climate conditions, and water resources. This country has all the conditions to thrive and flourish, but it has not. Instead, continued delays in holding elections have increased tensions and unrest. Ongoing conflict in many parts of the country has resulted in hundreds of thousands of internally displaced persons and refugees. The country is in a human rights crisis, and on top of all of this, the DRC is suffering from an Ebola outbreak. The humanitarian cri-sis in the DRC has been exacerbated by the political crisis over elections. With respect to the ongoing political situation, the current crisis in the DRC started in 2015 when President Kabila, who is constitutionally barred from re-election, deliberately stalled planned elections. President Kabila remained in post, although his second constitu-tional term ended in 2016. Since then, the political situation has steadily declined. The Congolese government and security forces have cracked down on anti-government mo-bilization through excessive use of force on peaceful protesters, shut down media outlets, and targeted arrests of activists. In August 2018, President Kabila fi-nally said he would uphold the con-stitution and not stand for a third term. Even with this announcement, the pre-electoral environment remains tense and unsafe for activists, journal-ists, political opposition, and religious leaders. Additionally, according to Human Rights Watch and Amnesty Inter-national, just this month the govern-ment made a new round of arrests of pro-democracy activists ahead of presi-dential elections scheduled for Decem-ber 23. This heavy-handed display of police and government security forces ahead of the long-awaited presidential election undermines and threatens peo-ple’s ability to freely participate in the electoral process. The government must immediately release all people arbitrarily detained for peacefully protesting, including the numerous pro-democracy activists, po-litical opposition leaders, and journal-ists. Finally, the government must inves-tigate and hold to account those re-sponsible for human rights violations, including arbitrary arrests and deten-tion, torture, and other serious abuses. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, this legisla-tion is extremely important for ad-dressing conditions in the DRC, but it is also important for sending a message to the world that the United States has not retreated from its commitment to protect human rights and advance de-mocracy around the world. The late former U.N. Secretary Gen-eral, Kofi Annan, and nine former Afri-can presidents said Congo’s future ‘‘is in grave danger.’’ ‘‘We are deeply concerned about the political situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo [DRC], which rep-resents a threat to the stability, pros-perity and peace of the Great Lakes re-gion. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, the situation in the DRC is deteriorating as we speak. It is time we act. Following a call from the region, please join my colleagues C
HRIS SMITH, Chairman E
DROYCE , and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , and I, and sup-port this bill that supports human rights, democracy, and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge my colleagues to support the Democratic Republic of the Congo De-mocracy and Accountability Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man ROYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their very strong support of this legislation and for their strong statements today. I think this is, again, another exam-ple of bipartisan legislation and the House uniting over a very egregious situation that is occurring in the DRC. I would point out to my colleagues that I have visited the DRC myself, been to Kinshasa, the capital, raised a number of human rights issues when I was there. But I also traveled to Goma, where there was terrible acts of bloodshed committed by both the government troops. As well as those that were com-bating the government, and even ter-rible acts by the peacekeepers, the U.N. peacekeepers, some years ago, where they were complicit in human traf-ficking, particularly of little children. b1745 In my subcommittee, I chaired four hearings on this horrible practice of the peacekeepers themselves causing such violence against kids. There is now a much better situation, but it is still awful, and, again, we are now fac-ing another serious crisis. I would also point out to my col-leagues that K
AREN BASSand I had a trip planned to Kinshasa for August 24 and 25. We made part of that trip where we went to Ethiopia, but we were de-nied visas. We could not get visas to go to the DRC. We wanted to raise issues with Kabila, himself, with regards to the election and human rights abuse. We were denied that by not getting a visa. This bill could not be more timely. Indeed, there is an urgent need to focus attention on the DRC, a strategically located, resource-rich country, which has been misgoverned for much of its history and again is in crisis today. The wonderful people of the DRC de-serve better, far better than they have gotten from the Kabila regime. Next month, just before Christmas, the country is scheduled to vote to replace Joseph Kabila, who has retained power in defiance of constitutional term lim-its for some 2 years beyond his man-date. Right now, there is talk of further postponement of the election, which would accord with Kabila’s desire to postpone a transfer of power for as long as possible. If such a delay occurs, it would be attributable to the obstacles placed by the Kabila government to holding a free and fair election. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.034 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9600 November 27, 2018 
This bill before us today shows con-gressional resolve that there be ac-countability and codifies three execu-tive orders by three Presidents: Presi-dent Bush, President Obama, and President Trump. It points out that there needs to be significant progress towards holding free and fair elections or else they will not be lifted, and it does so for 7 years. We are talking about respecting funda-mental freedoms of the press, expres-sion, and assembly, as described in the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agree-ment and in U.N. Security Council Res-olution 2348. It also points out that there needs to be, in the legislation, a free and fair Presidential election in accordance with the constitution of the DRC and that a democratically elected Presi-dent has been sworn in and taken of-fice. It also supports the humanitarian and accountability efforts of civil soci-ety groups pushing back against civil strife and political repression. In par-ticular, it acknowledges the role of the faith community and the Catholic Church, which educates and heals the Congolese people through its schools and hospitals, while upholding the need for the rule of law and respect for con-stitutional principles in the DRC. Indeed, the Congolese Conference of Catholic Bishops, known as CENCO, has played a singular role in promoting restoration of democracy and respect for fundamental civil and political rights, including brokering the Decem-ber 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement. Mr. Speaker, this is a critical time for the DRC. We have an emerging Ebola crisis in the eastern part of the country. I note that, over the weekend, our Embassy in Kinshasa was forced to close due to ‘‘credible and specific’’ ter-ror threats. The Embassy will remain closed at least until tomorrow because of those threats and perhaps even be-yond that date. We are hurtling to-wards a political inflection point with-in the next month, which will either mark a turn towards proper constitu-tional governance or a downward spiral towards growing chaos and bloodshed. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our staff members who made this bill pos-sible, particularly Lesley Warner of my staff. We traveled to the Congo in 2016 with Chairman R
OYCE and had very im-portant meetings there, frustrating but important meetings. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of this measure. The Democratic Republic of the Congo, or DRC, borders nine other countries in sub-Saharan Africa, and positive or negative events there often impact the entire region. This is why stability in the DRC is a priority not for that country’s people, but for many other countries, including the United States. That is why Chairman ROYCE  and I led a codel there and why so many of our other members on the For-eign Affairs Committee—Mr. S
MITH and Ms. B
ASS—have been there and have really cared about the region. For years, the DRC has been on the brink of crisis. More than 13 million people need humanitarian support, in-cluding 7.8 million children. Across the country, violent conflicts have intensi-fied, including near the city of Beni, where health workers are battling a deadly Ebola outbreak. The current government, as my col-leagues mentioned before, has shown a concerning disregard for democracy and the country’s constitution, with troubling restrictions on freedom of ex-pression and assembly and disturbing reports of Congolese security forces violating the human rights of peaceful protestors. Next month, the DRC will hold elec-tions, as my colleagues have men-tioned, that were supposed to be held back in December of 2016. It is a crit-ical time for the United States to show that we are committed to the DRC hav-ing a peaceful political transition and moving toward accountable, demo-cratic governance. The Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act, this bill, asks the administration to continue providing robust humani-tarian and development assistance to the people of the DRC. It also requires the President to submit a report to Congress detailing the extent to which Congolese Government officials are in-volved in human rights abuses against civilians and codifies previous execu-tive orders that target the property and interests of any persons respon-sible for actions that threaten the sta-bility of the DRC. It is important that we continue leading the international community to address the many challenges in the DRC. That is why this bill asks the ad-ministration to keep the DRC on the U.N. Security Council agenda and work to ensure the U.N. peacekeeping mis-sion there has sufficient means to oper-ate effectively. After decades of conflict and insta-bility, the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo deserve a peace-ful democratic transition. By passing this bill today, we show that the House is committed to supporting that proc-ess. Mr. Speaker, it is in the national se-curity interest of the United States to support a peaceful political transition and accountable governance in the DRC. With elections scheduled for next month, this bill comes at a critical time. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this important legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for his comments and for his strong support. Mr. Speaker, this is a true bipartisan bill. Our fingers are crossed for the peo-ple of the DRC. They deserve a free and fair election. Whoever emerges as the winner hopefully will take them on a new course. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6207, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE RE-LIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 390) to provide emer-gency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for account-ability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Secretary of State of State declared on March 17, 2016, and on August 15, 2017, that Daesh (also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS) is responsible for genocide, crimes against humanity, and other atrocity crimes against religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, including Christians, Yezidis, and Shia, among other religious and ethnic groups. (2) According to the Department of State’s an-nual reports on international religious free-dom— (A) the number of Christians living in Iraq has dropped from an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 in 2002 to fewer than 250,000 in 2017; and (B) the number of Yezidis living in Iraq has fluctuated from 500,000 in 2013, to between 350,000 and 400,000 in 2016, and between 600,000 and 750,000 in 2017. (3) The annual reports on international reli-gious freedom further suggest that— (A) Christian communities living in Syria, which had accounted for between 8 and 10 per-cent of Syria’s total population in 2010, are now ‘‘considerably’’ smaller as a result of the civil war, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.036 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9601 November 27, 2018 
(B) there was a population of approximately 80,000 Yezidis before the commencement of the conflict in Syria. (4) Local communities and entities have sought to mitigate the impact of violence di-rected against religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria, including the Chaldean Catho-lic Archdiocese of Erbil (Kurdistan Region of Iraq), which has used predominantly private funds to provide assistance to internally dis-placed Christians, Yezidis, and Muslims throughout the greater Erbil region, while sig-nificant needs and diminishing resources have made it increasingly difficult to continue these efforts. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate; (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (E) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (H) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (I) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (J) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ mean an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursu-ant to section 219(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (3) H
UMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE -
COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, sta-bilization, and recovery needs’’, with respect to an individual, includes water, sanitation, hy-giene, food security and nutrition, shelter and housing, reconstruction, medical, education, psychosocial needs, and other assistance to ad-dress basic human needs, including stabilization assistance (as defined by the Stabilization As-sistance Review in ‘‘A Framework for Maxi-mizing the Effectiveness of U.S. Government Ef-forts to Stabilize Conflict-Affected Areas, 2018). (4) H
YBRID COURT .—The term ‘‘hybrid court’’ means a court with a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and per-sonnel. (5) I
NTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to ensure that assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities in and from those countries, is directed toward those individuals and commu-nities with the greatest need, including those in-dividuals from communities of religious and eth-nic minorities, and communities of religious and ethnic minorities, that the Secretary of State de-clared were targeted for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and have been identi-fied as being at risk of persecution, forced mi-gration, genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. 
SEC. 5. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNTABILITY IN IRAQ FOR GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND WAR CRIMES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance, as necessary and appro-priate, to support the efforts of entities, includ-ing nongovernmental organizations with exper-tise in international criminal investigations and law, to address genocide, crimes against human-ity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes by ISIS in Iraq by— (1) conducting criminal investigations; (2) developing indigenous investigative and judicial skills, including by partnering, directly mentoring, and providing necessary equipment and infrastructure to effectively adjudicating cases consistent with due process and respect for the rule of law; and (3) collecting and preserving evidence and the chain of evidence, including for use in prosecu-tions in domestic courts, hybrid courts, and internationalized domestic courts, consistent with the activities described in subsection (b). (b) ACTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the At-torney General, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, shall encourage governments of for-eign countries— (1) to include information in appropriate secu-rity databases and security screening procedures of such countries to identify suspected ISIS members for whom credible evidence exists of having committed genocide, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, in Iraq; and (2) to apprehend and prosecute such ISIS members for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with and consider credible information from en-tities described in such subsection. 
SEC. 6. IDENTIFICATION OF AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS HUMANITARIAN, STA-BILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Director of National Intelligence, shall seek to identify— (1) threats of persecution and other early- warning indicators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, are members of religious or ethnic mi-nority groups in such countries, and against whom the Secretary of State has determined ISIS has committed genocide, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes; (2) the religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq or Syria identified pursuant to paragraph (1) that are at risk of forced migration, within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk; (3)(A) the humanitarian, stabilization, and re-covery needs of individuals described in para-graphs (1) and (2), including the assistance pro-vided by the United States and by the United Nations, respectively— (i) to address the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of such individuals; and (ii) to mitigate the risks of forced migration of such individuals; and (B) assistance provided through the Funding Facility for Immediate Stabilization and Fund-ing Facility for Expanded Stabilization; and (4) to the extent practicable and appropriate— (A) the entities, including faith-based entities, that are providing assistance to address the hu-manitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) the extent to which the United States is providing assistance to or through the entities referred to in subparagraph (A). (b) ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible information from— (1) individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection; and (2) the entities described in paragraph (4)(A) of such subsection. (c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance as necessary and appro-priate, to support the entities described in sub-section (a)(4)(A). 
SEC. 7. REPORT. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, to implement the provisions of this Act; (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of pros-ecuting ISIS members for whom credible evi-dence exists of having committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq, including in domestic courts in Iraq, hybrid courts, and internationalized domestic courts; and (B) the measures needed— (i) to ensure effective criminal investigations of such individuals; and (ii) to effectively collect and preserve evidence, and preserve the chain of evidence, for prosecu-tion; and (3) recommendations for legislative remedies and administrative actions to facilitate the im-plementation of this Act. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if nec-essary. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of re-ligious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to urge strong support for H.R. 390, the bipartisan Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Account-ability Act. I want to begin by offering my spe-cial thanks to Majority Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY for his strong and sustained support for the victims of genocide, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.012 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9602 November 27, 2018 
this bill, and for the work of his amaz-ing staff, especially Luke Murry, who has done yeoman’s work on making sure that this moves forward; Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL and his chief of staff, Sharon Soderstrom, for their work; as well as our friends on the Senate side. I especially want to thank E
DROYCE , our chairman, and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their wonderful sup-port for this bill, and for all the Mem-bers. I want to thank A
NNA ESHOO , who has been tenacious in her support for genocide-targeted communities in Iraq and Syria, and Matt McMurray, her chief of staff, who has also been a great friend to work with on this legislation. My thanks to Mary Noonan, my chief of staff; Piero Tozzi, my staff director for the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee; Nathaniel Hurd at the U.S. Helsinki Commission, who has been lead staffer on the bill; David Trimble, senior fel-low at the Religious Freedom Insti-tute; and so many others who have been a part of this effort to get this across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, in September of 2013, I chaired my first of 10 congressional hearings focused in whole or in part on Christians, Yazidis, and other religious and ethnic minorities targeted by ISIS for genocide and other atrocity crimes, frustrated and deeply disappointed that the previous administration was failing to direct aid to these survivors and to support criminal investigations into the perpetrators. Three years later, on September 8, 2016, I introduced H.R. 5961. It was clear then, as it is now, that local overstretched, underfunded groups on the ground were being forced to fill a huge gap, like the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil in the Kurdistan region of Iraq, supported by the Knights of Columbus under the ex-traordinary leadership of Carl Ander-son and by Aid to the Church in Need. To date, the Knights of Columbus has contributed $20 million and Aid to the Church in Need has contributed more than $60 million to the response for these people who are the survivors of genocide. Without this support from private charities, Mr. Speaker, many people, especially children, would have died or have been afflicted with serious disease or disability. Where was the United States? No-where to be found. Just before Christmas of 2016, I led a delegation to Erbil at the invitation of the Chaldean Archbishop of Erbil, Bashar Warda, who was heroically leading the effort to sustain more than 70,000 Christians who had fled ISIS, as well as some Yazidis and Muslims. There I met with genocide survivors, almost all of whom told me that they had family members who were mur-dered, tortured, beaten, and raped by ISIS. Their stories were tragic beyond words and heartbreaking beyond words, but members of my delegation and I were in awe of their deep and abiding faith in God, their resiliency, and their courage. They simply would not quit. They would move on and try to live a life and try to thrive. We visited a camp of 6,000 internally displaced persons, managed by the archdiocese, that the U.S. Government had not even visited until just before our trip in 2016, even though it was only 10 minutes away from the con-sulate. I was told I shouldn’t go be-cause it was too dangerous. I asked, ‘‘Was there a specific threat?’’ and there wasn’t. When we got there, we were met by about 250 to 300 children, all about fourth or fifth graders or thereabouts, singing Christmas carols, and I felt, ‘‘Boy, that is a real threatening situa-tion.’’ It was foolish in the extreme. They needed our help. They were not getting enough food. They were not getting enough medicine, and their shelter was very meager, to say the least. On January 10, 2017, I introduced H.R. 390, a stronger version of the previous bill. The House unanimously passed it—again, totally bipartisan—on June 6. On October 11, the Senate passed it with a slightly amended version, which is why it is here before the House today for reconsideration. b1800 H.R. 390 authorizes the Adminis-trator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development and the Sec-retary of State to direct humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery assistance to these communities to enable them to survive and someday thrive in Iraq and Syria. It also authorizes the Secretary and the Administrator to fund entities con-ducting criminal investigations into ISIS perpetrators who committed atrocity crimes in Iraq. The evidence these entities collect and preserve will be used to apprehend, prosecute, and convict perpetrators in a range of court settings. We have learned from the courts in Rwanda, in Sierra Leone, as well as the court in Yugoslavia, you have to cap-ture this information. You have to get the testimonies from survivors and eyewitnesses to effectuate effective prosecutions. The surviving religious and ethnic communities have begun to receive some targeted aid from the United States under the leadership of Vice President P
ENCE , USAID Adminis-trator Green, and Secretary Pompeo. The governments of Hungary and Po-land, as well, have stepped up to pro-vide assistance to those in need. However, we have to move quickly on this bill and on implementation on this. As Archbishop Warda, the head of Chaldean Catholic Church there, told me today: ‘‘Christians in Iraq are still at the brink of extinction. H.R. 390 is vital to our survival. If it becomes law, implementation must be full and fast. Otherwise, the help it provides will be too late for us.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this measure. A huge amount of work has gone into this bill. I especially thank Representative SMITH of New Jersey, who has been a tireless advocate on be-half of victims of genocide. He always has been, and he always will be. His efforts have helped to ensure that religious minorities still have a place in Iraq and Syria, that their presence remains part of the fabric of the Middle East. ISIS sought to eliminate religious minorities. That is why Congress fought to designate the crimes against them genocide. The House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee has heard hours upon hours of testimony from genocide victims: a Yazidi man recounting the beheading of thousands of Yazidi fighters, women who detailed gang rape and sex slavery. We heard from a number of survivors that international assistance was not moving quickly enough to get people resettled in their homes and commu-nities of origin. This bill would help to ease those people’s suffering and bring to justice those who are responsible. It would au-thorize assistance for groups inves-tigating and prosecuting crimes against humanity and war crimes. And it would require our government to identify those who are vulnerable to genocide and war crimes, to help with their recovery and stability in the fu-ture. This bill will be an important tool in reaching our goal in Iraq and Syria, preventing the resurgence of ISIS. We cannot allow this barbaric group to take over territory or control people ever again. In Iraq, this means addressing the root causes of conflict that motivated people to join an extremist organiza-tion like ISIS in the first place. It also means pushing back on Ira-nian influence because Iran envisions an Iraq overcome by sectarian strife and intolerance. In Syria, that means finding a polit-ical solution that does not include Assad. Bashar al-Assad is a magnet for ex-tremism, and he continues to employ the worst violence against his own peo-ple. Since Assad’s thugs took the life of the first protester in Syria, more than half a million more Syrians have been killed, and more than 11 million people have lost their homes. I remain convinced and concerned about what our military is doing in Syria. In the waning days of ISIS in Syria, how do we intend to justify the presence of our military? This is a slip-pery slope to perpetual American boots on the ground, and we have to be care-ful. In addition, if my legislation, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act, becomes law, we can provide the ad-ministration the leverage it needs to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.039 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9603 November 27, 2018 
push for a political solution to provide justice to Assad’s many victims and to prevent the United States from getting further mired into another war in the Middle East. The only solution to the crisis in Syria is a political solution, and the Caesar Act would help pave a path to-ward that sustainable, political solu-tion. I urge the other body to pass the Cae-sar Syria Civilian Protection Act so we can get it to the President’s desk. I be-lieve the other body would pass my bill, but for a single member of that body who is holding it up for reasons which members of both parties don’t understand. I urge him to lift that hold so that this bill can become law. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my col-leagues to pass the bill before us today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), the chairwoman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee who currently chairs the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to rise in support of C
HRIS SMITH’s bill, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2018. I again thank Chairman R
OYCE and our esteemed ranking member, E
LIOT E
NGEL , for their efforts in bringing this important and bipartisan bill to the floor. This commonsense bill authorizes Federal agencies to provide assistance to entities that are working to hold ac-countable those responsible for geno-cide, for crimes against humanity, and for war crimes in Iraq and Syria. Over the last 7 years, sadly, ISIS has explicitly targeted and murdered tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of reli-gious and ethnic minorities, mostly Christians and Yazidis in Iraq and Syria. We need to ensure that the proper people are being held accountable by giving the administration all of the tools that it needs to coordinate with and support the organizations that can identify and can prosecute those re-sponsible. In addition, Mr. S
MITH’s bill prioritizes emergency assistance to these religious and ethnic minority groups that are targeted by ISIS and continue to face persecution. Syrians remain in desperate need of humanitarian assistance, of stabiliza-tion assistance. We must ensure that these religious and ethnic minorities are getting the help they desperately need. I thank my colleague, C
HRIS SMITH, such a strong human rights defender, for authoring this important bill and giving this authority to the adminis-tration. I urge all of my colleagues to give it their strong bipartisan support. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me again thank Mr. S
MITH and Chairman R OYCE  for their hard work and leadership. The violence and suffering that has over-taken Syria and Iraq in recent years is heartbreaking, and it is infuriating, but we cannot allow the magnitude of the problem to discourage us from try-ing to work toward a solution step by step. This bill puts a focus on some of the most vulnerable groups caught up in this crisis. It will help to ease their plight, and it will help to provide them a measure of justice. Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I again thank you, Mr. POE, for your friendship and for your hard work, and Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN for her friendship and her hard work. Chairman R
OYCE just stepped out, but I want to say that we always talk about the bipartisan work that we have done on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. We always say that the Foreign Affairs Committee is the most bipar-tisan committee in Congress, and it should be. It has to be because par-tisanship really should stop at the water’s edge. When we are talking about global interests, we have the same interests. That is one of the wonderful things about the Foreign Affairs Committee. I don’t know if I will have a chance to say this again in this Congress, so that is why I want to say it now: E
DROYCE  has been a magnificent chairman and a magnificent friend. He has led this committee into bipartisanship on vir-tually all matters involving the global stage, and we have become a more ef-fective committee because of his lead-ership. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for a job well done. It has been a pleasure serving with him and all the members on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I will be very brief. I thank, again, E
LIOT ENGEL , Chairman R
OYCE , and I LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , who is the former chairwoman of the com-mittee. I thank her for her very kind remarks. She has been a leader on human rights herself all over the world, especially with regard to Iran and some of the legislation she has got-ten enacted into law. I thank her for that extraordinary leadership. Again, this is an example of us pull-ing together and helping a group of people, survivors of ISIS genocide, who are in desperate need of assistance. We are now past the emergency level in most cases. When we originally introduced the bill, I named it ‘‘the emergency.’’ We didn’t get it passed fast enough, but there is so much more that remains to be done when it comes to recovery and sustainability of these precious lives that have been so wounded by ISIS through mass murder and genocide, which has been recognized by both the Obama administration and the Trump administration. So this is an idea whose time has come, and my hope is that it will be implemented faithfully and aggres-sively from the moment it is signed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by recognizing the efforts of Mr. SMITH, Chair of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health and Global Human Rights, and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their strong lead-ership on this critical issue. Mr. Speaker, for seven years, the world has watched the brutal dictator Assad inflict untold suffering on the Syrian people. Since the be-ginning of the conflict, half a million people have been killed and 13 million—largely women and children—remain in dire need of basic humanitarian assistance in Syria. Over the course of this deadly conflict, we have seen Assad and his backers—Russia in the air, and Iran on the ground—commit atro-cious war crimes, including using chemical weapons on civilians. I am sure I am not the only one who will never forget the footage shown before our Committee of a Syrian doc-tor trying to revive two young children, foam-ing at the mouth, after chlorine bombs rained down on their village; or the testimony of Cae-sar, a former regime police photographer, who bravely smuggled thousands of images cata-loguing the gruesome and methodical torture in Assad’s prisons out of Syria. But the brutal Assad regime is not the only terror the Syrian people have had to endure— his brutality paved the way for ISIS to expand in the country as well. Exploiting the chaos created by the conflict in Syria, ISIS burst onto the scene in 2014 by declaring themselves and their supposed ‘‘caliphate’’—and commit-ting obscene, horrific acts in an effort to spread their nihilistic, death-filled ideology. Today, thanks to the service of our brave men and women in uniform, ISIS is receding. But we cannot forget the incredible evil they unleashed—while in power, they committed unfathomable violence against Christians and Yezidis in Syria and Iraq, and terrorized the Muslim communities unlucky enough to fall under their ‘‘caliphate.’’ Congress played a critical role in calling these atrocities by their correct name—geno-cide. This was a very important first step—al-lowing for assistance to get to minority com-munities desperately in need. Even now, there is still an urgent need for assistance to these vulnerable communities, which have been devastated by ISIS’ efforts to wipe them out. These ancient communities, whose roots go back centuries, include Christians, Yezidis, As-syrians, Syriacs, Turkomens, and many oth-ers. Their presence in Iraq and Syria is crucial to the social fabric of these nations. H.R. 390 offers additional, immediate relief for these vulnerable communities and also di-rects the State Department to do more to sup-port efforts to collect and preserve evidence of ‘‘genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes’’ so that someday, justice might be served. I urge Members to support this bill and send it straight to the President so that the possi-bility of justice and accountability for these atrocities can give hope to those suffering today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.040 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9604 November 27, 2018 
SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ments to the bill, H.R. 390. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment to House amendment is as follows: Senate amendment to House amend-ment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the House amendment to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank LoBi-ondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE Sec. 101. Initial matter. Sec. 102. Subtitle I. Sec. 103. Chapter 1. Sec. 104. Chapter 3. Sec. 105. Chapter 5. Sec. 106. Chapter 7. Sec. 107. Chapter 9. Sec. 108. Chapter 11. Sec. 109. Subtitle II. Sec. 110. Chapter 19. Sec. 111. Part II. Sec. 112. Chapter 21. Sec. 113. Chapter 23. Sec. 114. Chapter 25. Sec. 115. Part III. Sec. 116. Chapter 27. Sec. 117. Chapter 29. Sec. 118. Subtitle III and chapter 37. Sec. 119. Chapter 39. Sec. 120. Chapter 41. Sec. 121. Subtitle IV and chapter 49. Sec. 122. Chapter 51. Sec. 123. References. Sec. 124. Rule of construction. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 201. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 202. Authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 203. Authorized levels of military strength and training. Sec. 204. Authorization of amounts for Fast Re-sponse Cutters. Sec. 205. Authorization of amounts for shore-side infrastructure. Sec. 206. Authorization of amounts for aircraft improvements. TITLE III—COAST GUARD Sec. 301. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 302. Primary duties. Sec. 303. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 304. Unmanned aircraft. Sec. 305. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability. Sec. 306. Training; emergency response pro-viders. Sec. 307. Incentive contracts for Coast Guard yard and industrial establish-ments. Sec. 308. Confidential investigative expenses. Sec. 309. Regular captains; retirement. Sec. 310. Conversion, alteration, and repair projects. Sec. 311. Contracting for major acquisitions programs. Sec. 312. Officer promotion zones. Sec. 313. Cross reference. Sec. 314. Commissioned service retirement. Sec. 315. Leave for birth or adoption of child. Sec. 316. Clothing at time of discharge. Sec. 317. Unfunded priorities list. Sec. 318. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces. Sec. 319. Air facilities. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY Sec. 401. Codification of Ports and Waterways Safety Act. Sec. 402. Conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Transitional and savings provisions. Sec. 404. Rule of construction. Sec. 405. Advisory committee: repeal. Sec. 406. Regattas and marine parades. Sec. 407. Regulation of vessels in territorial waters of United States. Sec. 408. Port, harbor, and coastal facility secu-rity. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY Sec. 501. Consistency in marine inspections. Sec. 502. Uninspected passenger vessels in St. Louis County, Minnesota. Sec. 503. Engine cut-off switch requirements. Sec. 504. Exception from survival craft require-ments. Sec. 505. Safety standards. Sec. 506. Fishing safety grants. Sec. 507. Fishing, fish tender, and fish proc-essing vessel certification. Sec. 508. Deadline for compliance with alter-nate safety compliance program. Sec. 509. Termination of unsafe operations; technical correction. Sec. 510. Technical corrections: Licenses, cer-tificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents. Sec. 511. Clarification of logbook entries. Sec. 512. Certificates of documentation for rec-reational vessels. Sec. 513. Numbering for undocumented barges. Sec. 514. Backup national timing system. Sec. 515. Scientific personnel. Sec. 516. Transparency. TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES Sec. 601. National maritime transportation ad-visory committees. Sec. 602. Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 703. Reporting on impact of alliances on competition. Sec. 704. Definition of certain covered services. Sec. 705. Reports filed with the Commission. Sec. 706. Public participation. Sec. 707. Ocean transportation intermediaries. Sec. 708. Common carriers. Sec. 709. Negotiations. Sec. 710. Injunctive relief sought by the Com-mission. Sec. 711. Discussions. Sec. 712. Transparency. Sec. 713. Study of bankruptcy preparation and response. Sec. 714. Agreements unaffected. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 801. Repeal of obsolete reporting require-ment. Sec. 802. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 803. Officer evaluation report. Sec. 804. Extension of authority. Sec. 805. Coast Guard ROTC program. Sec. 806. Currency detection canine team pro-gram. Sec. 807. Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. Sec. 808. Public safety answering points and maritime search and rescue co-ordination. Sec. 809. Ship shoal lighthouse transfer: repeal. Sec. 810. Land exchange, Ayakulik Island, Alaska. Sec. 811. Use of Tract 43. Sec. 812. Coast Guard maritime domain aware-ness. Sec. 813. Monitoring. Sec. 814. Reimbursements for non-Federal con-struction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 815. Towing safety management system fees. Sec. 816. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 817. Fleet requirements assessment and strategy. Sec. 818. National Security Cutter. Sec. 819. Acquisition plan for inland waterway and river tenders and bay-class icebreakers. Sec. 820. Great Lakes icebreaker acquisition. Sec. 821. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 822. Strategic assets in the Arctic. Sec. 823. Arctic planning criteria. Sec. 824. Vessel response plan audit. Sec. 825. Waters deemed not navigable waters of the United States for certain pur-poses. Sec. 826. Documentation of recreational vessels. Sec. 827. Equipment requirements; exemption from throwable personal flotation devices requirement. Sec. 828. Visual distress signals and alternative use. Sec. 829. Radar refresher training. Sec. 830. Commercial fishing vessel safety na-tional communications plan. Sec. 831. Atlantic Coast port access route study recommendations. Sec. 832. Drawbridges. Sec. 833. Waiver. Sec. 834. Fire-retardant materials. Sec. 835. Vessel waiver. Sec. 836. Temporary limitations. Sec. 837. Transfer of Coast Guard property in Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclu-sion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. Sec. 838. Emergency response. Sec. 839. Drawbridges consultation. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Purposes; findings. Sec. 903. Standards for discharges incidental to normal operation of vessels. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 1001. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. Sec. 1002. System for tracking and reporting all- inclusive cost of hydrographic surveys. Sec. 1003. Homeport of certain research vessels. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE 
SEC. 101. INITIAL MATTER. 
Title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the title designation, the title heading, and the table of parts at the beginning and in-serting the following: ‘‘TITLE 14—COAST GUARD ‘‘Subtitle Sec.‘‘I. Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration......................101
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.042 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9605 November 27, 2018 
‘‘II. Personnel....................................1901 ‘‘III. Coast Guard Reserve and Auxil-iary.............................................. 3701 ‘‘IV. Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress......................4901’’. 
SEC. 102. SUBTITLE I. 
Part I of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle I—Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘1. Establishment and Duties............101 ‘‘3. Composition and Organization .....301 ‘‘5. Functions and Powers..................501 ‘‘7. Cooperation..................................701 ‘‘9. Administration.............................901 ‘‘11. Acquisitions................................1101’’. 
SEC. 103. CHAPTER 1. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHMENT AND DUTIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘101. Establishment of Coast Guard. ‘‘102. Primary duties. ‘‘103. Department in which the Coast Guard op-erates. ‘‘104. Removing restrictions. ‘‘105. Secretary defined. ‘‘106. Commandant defined.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 1 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
1 Establishment of Coast Guard 101 
2 Primary duties 102 
3 Department in which the Coast Guard op-erates 103 
652 Removing restric-tions 104 
4 Secretary defined 105 
5 Commandant defined 106 
SEC. 104. CHAPTER 3. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3—COMPOSITION AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘301. Grades and ratings. ‘‘302. Commandant; appointment. ‘‘303. Retirement of Commandant or Vice Com-mandant. ‘‘304. Vice Commandant; appointment. ‘‘305. Vice admirals. ‘‘306. Retirement. ‘‘307. Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade. ‘‘308. Chief Acquisition Officer. ‘‘309. Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Direc-tor. ‘‘310. Chief of Staff to President: appointment. ‘‘311. Captains of the port. ‘‘312. Prevention and response workforces. ‘‘313. Centers of expertise for Coast Guard pre-vention and response. ‘‘314. Marine industry training program. ‘‘315. Training course on workings of Congress. ‘‘316. National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘317. United States Coast Guard Band; composi-tion; director. ‘‘318. Environmental Compliance and Restora-tion Program.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 3 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
41 Grades and ratings 301 
44 Commandant; ap-pointment 302 
46 Retirement of Com-mandant or Vice Commandant 303 
47 Vice Commandant; appointment 304 
50 Vice admirals 305 
51 Retirement 306 
52 Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
56 Chief Acquisition Of-ficer 308 
53 Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector 309 
54 Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment 310 
57 Prevention and re-sponse workforces 312 
58 Centers of expertise for Coast Guard pre-vention and response 313 
59 Marine industry training program 314 
60 Training course on workings of Congress 315 
98 National Coast Guard Museum 316 
336 United States Coast Guard Band; com-position; director 317 (c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting after section 310 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 311. Captains of the port ‘‘Any officer, including any petty officer, may be designated by the Commandant as captain of the port or ports or adjacent high seas or waters over which the United States has jurisdiction, as the Commandant deems necessary to facili-tate execution of Coast Guard duties.’’; and (B) by inserting after section 317 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘environment’, ‘facility’, ‘person’, ‘re-lease’, ‘removal’, ‘remedial’, and ‘response’ have the same meaning they have in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601); ‘‘(2) ‘hazardous substance’ has the same meaning it has in section 101 of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601), except that it also includes the meaning given ‘oil’ in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); and ‘‘(3) ‘pollutant’ has the same meaning it has in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall carry out a program of environmental compliance and restoration at current and former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(2) Program goals include: ‘‘(A) Identifying, investigating, and cleaning up contamination from hazardous substances and pollutants. ‘‘(B) Correcting other environmental damage that poses an imminent and substantial danger to the public health or welfare or to the environ-ment. ‘‘(C) Demolishing and removing unsafe build-ings and structures, including buildings and structures at former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(D) Preventing contamination from haz-ardous substances and pollutants at current Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall respond to re-leases of hazardous substances and pollutants— ‘‘(i) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owns, leases, or otherwise possesses; ‘‘(ii) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owned, leased, or otherwise possessed when the actions leading to contamination from hazardous substances or pollutants occurred; and ‘‘(iii) on each vessel the Coast Guard owns or operates. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph does not apply to a removal or remedial action when a potentially responsible person responds under section 122 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9622). ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall pay a fee or charge imposed by a State authority for permit services for disposing of hazardous substances or pollut-ants from Coast Guard facilities to the same ex-tent that nongovernmental entities are required to pay for permit services. This subparagraph does not apply to a payment that is the respon-sibility of a lessee, contractor, or other private person. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may agree with another Federal agency for that agency to assist in car-rying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under this section. The Secretary may enter into con-tracts, cooperative agreements, and grant agree-ments with State and local governments to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9606 November 27, 2018 
under this section. Services that may be ob-tained under this paragraph include identi-fying, investigating, and cleaning up off-site contamination that may have resulted from the release of a hazardous substance or pollutant at a Coast Guard facility. ‘‘(5) Section 119 of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9619) applies to response ac-tion contractors that carry out response actions under this section. The Coast Guard shall in-demnify response action contractors to the ex-tent that adequate insurance is not generally available at a fair price at the time the con-tractor enters into the contract to cover the con-tractor’s reasonable, potential, long-term liabil-ity. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS RECOVERED FOR RESPONSE AC-
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) All sums appropriated to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or an-other law shall be credited or transferred to an appropriate Coast Guard account, as determined by the Commandant and remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) Funds may be obligated or expended from such account to carry out the Coast Guard’s en-vironmental compliance and restoration func-tions under this section or another law. ‘‘(3) In proposing the budget for any fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, the President shall set forth separately the amount requested for the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration activities under this section or another law. ‘‘(4) Amounts recovered under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607) for the Secretary’s response actions at cur-rent and former Coast Guard facilities shall be credited to an appropriate Coast Guard account, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL LIST OF PROJECTS TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a prioritized list of projects eligible for environmental compliance and res-toration funding for each fiscal year concurrent with the President’s budget submission for that fiscal year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 634, 690, 691, 692, and 693 of title 14, United States Code, are repealed. 
SEC. 105. CHAPTER 5. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 5—FUNCTIONS AND POWERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL POWERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘501. Secretary; general powers. ‘‘502. Delegation of powers by the Secretary. ‘‘503. Regulations. ‘‘504. Commandant; general powers. ‘‘505. Functions and powers vested in the Com-mandant. ‘‘506. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care. ‘‘507. Appointment of judges. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIFE SAVING AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard Inves-tigative Service law enforcement authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘528. Protecting against unmanned aircraft. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; pen-alty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to naviga-tion. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘561. Icebreaking in polar regions. ‘‘562. Appeals and waivers. ‘‘563. Notification of certain determinations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 5 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
92 Secretary; general powers 501 
631 Delegation of powers by the Secretary 502 
633 Regulations 503 
93 Commandant; gen-eral powers 504 
632 Functions and pow-ers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care 506 
153 Appointment of judges 507 
88 Saving life and prop-erty 521 
89 Law enforcement 522 
99 Enforcement author-ity 523 
100 Enforcement of coastwise trade laws 524 
95 Special agents of the Coast Guard Inves-tigative Service law enforcement author-ity 525 
637 Stopping vessels; in-demnity for firing at or into vessel 526 
91 Safety of naval ves-sels 527 
104 Protecting against unmanned aircraft 528 
81 Aids to navigation authorized 541 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
83 Unauthorized aids to maritime navigation; penalty 542 
84 Interference with aids to navigation; penalty 543 
85 Aids to maritime navigation; penalty 544 
86 Marking of obstruc-tions 545 
642 Deposit of damage payments 546 
643 Rewards for appre-hension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 
87 Icebreaking in polar regions 561 
101 Appeals and waivers 562 
103 Notification of cer-tain determinations 563 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 501 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL POWERS’’; (2) by inserting before section 521 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIFE SAVING AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES’’; (3) by inserting before section 541 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AIDS TO NAVIGATION’’; and (4) by inserting before section 561 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 106. CHAPTER 7. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COOPERATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivi-sions. ‘‘702. State Department. ‘‘703. Treasury Department. ‘‘704. Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force. ‘‘705. Navy Department. ‘‘706. United States Postal Service. ‘‘707. Department of Commerce. ‘‘708. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. ‘‘709. Maritime instruction. ‘‘710. Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities. ‘‘711. Coast Guard officers as attache ´s to mis-sions. ‘‘712. Contracts with Government-owned estab-lishments for work and material. ‘‘713. Nonappropriated fund instrumentalities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or ob-tain goods and services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9607 November 27, 2018 
‘‘714. Arctic maritime domain awareness. ‘‘715. Oceanographic research. ‘‘716. Arctic maritime transportation. ‘‘717. Agreements.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 7 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
141 Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivi-sions 701 
142 State Department 702 
143 Treasury Depart-ment 703 
144 Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force 704 
145 Navy Department 705 
146 United States Postal Service 706 
147 Department of Com-merce 707 
147a Department of Health and Human Services 708 
148 Maritime instruction 709 
149 Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities 710 
150 Coast Guard officers as attache´s to mis-sions 711 
151 Contracts with Gov-ernment-owned es-tablishments for work and material 712 
152 Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 
154 Arctic maritime do-main awareness 714 
94 Oceanographic re-search 715 
90 Arctic maritime transportation 716 
102 Agreements 717 
SEC. 107. CHAPTER 9. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 9—ADMINISTRATION ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I —REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘901. Disposal of certain material. ‘‘902. Employment of draftsmen and engineers. ‘‘903. Use of certain appropriated funds. ‘‘904. Local hire. ‘‘905. Procurement authority for family housing. ‘‘906. Air Station Cape Cod Improvements. ‘‘907. Long-term lease of special purpose facili-ties. ‘‘908. Long-term lease authority for lighthouse property. ‘‘909. Small boat station rescue capability. ‘‘910. Small boat station closures. ‘‘911. Search and rescue center standards. ‘‘912. Air facility closures. ‘‘913. Turnkey selection procedures. ‘‘914. Disposition of infrastructure related to E– LORAN. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘931. Oaths required for boards. ‘‘932. Administration of oaths. ‘‘933. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants. ‘‘934. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘Coast Guard’. ‘‘935. Coast Guard band recordings for commer-cial sale. ‘‘936. Confidentiality of medical quality assur-ance records; qualified immunity for participants. ‘‘937. Admiralty claims against the United States. ‘‘938. Claims for damage to property of the United States. ‘‘939. Accounting for industrial work. ‘‘940. Supplies and equipment from stock. ‘‘941. Coast Guard Supply Fund. ‘‘942. Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services. ‘‘943. Arms and ammunition; immunity from tax-ation. ‘‘944. Confidential investigative expenses. ‘‘945. Assistance to film producers. ‘‘946. User fees. ‘‘947. Vessel construction bonding requirements. ‘‘948. Contracts for medical care for retirees, de-pendents, and survivors: alter-native delivery of health care. ‘‘949. Telephone installation and charges. ‘‘950. Designation, powers, and accountability of deputy disbursing officials. ‘‘951. Aircraft accident investigations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 9 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
641 Disposal of certain material 901 
653 Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers 902 
656 Use of certain appro-priated funds 903 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
666 Local hire 904 
670 Procurement author-ity for family hous-ing 905 
671 Air Station Cape Cod Improvements 906 
672 Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities 907 
672a Long-term lease au-thority for light-house property 908 
674 Small boat station rescue capability 909 
675 Small boat station closures 910 
676 Search and rescue center standards 911 
676a Air facility closures 912 
677 Turnkey selection procedures 913 
681 Disposition of infra-structure related to E–LORAN 914 
635 Oaths required for boards 931 
636 Administration of oaths 932 
638 Coast Guard ensigns and pennants 933 
639 Penalty for unau-thorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale 935 
645 Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified immunity for participants 936 
646 Admiralty claims against the United States 937 
647 Claims for damage to property of the United States 938 
648 Accounting for in-dustrial work 939 
649 Supplies and equip-ment from stock 940 
650 Coast Guard Supply Fund 941 
654 Public and commer-cial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services 942 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9608 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
655 Arms and ammuni-tion; immunity from taxation 943 
658 Confidential inves-tigative expenses 944 
659 Assistance to film producers 945 
664 User fees 946 
667 Vessel construction bonding require-ments 947 
668 Contracts for med-ical care for retirees, dependents, and sur-vivors: alternative delivery of health care 948 
669 Telephone installa-tion and charges 949 
673 Designation, powers, and accountability of deputy disbursing officials 950 
678 Aircraft accident in-vestigations 951 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 901 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY’’; and (2) by inserting before section 931 (as so redes-ignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 108. CHAPTER 11. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—ACQUISITIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1101. Acquisition directorate. ‘‘1102. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisition management. ‘‘1103. Role of Vice Commandant in major acqui-sition programs. ‘‘1104. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition. ‘‘1105. Prohibition on use of lead systems inte-grators. ‘‘1106. Required contract terms. ‘‘1107. Extension of major acquisition program contracts. ‘‘1108. Department of Defense consultation. ‘‘1109. Undefinitized contractual actions. ‘‘1110. Mission need statement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —IMPROVED ACQUISITION  
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acquisi-tions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and demonstra-tion. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard ves-sels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘1155. Contract termination. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —DEFINITIONS  ‘‘1171. Definitions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 11 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
561 Acquisition direc-torate 1101 
562 Improvements in Coast Guard acquisi-tion management 1102 
578 Role of Vice Com-mandant in major acquisition programs 1103 
563 Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisi-tion 1104 
564 Prohibition on use of lead systems integra-tors 1105 
565 Required contract terms 1106 
579 Extension of major acquisition program contracts 1107 
566 Department of De-fense consultation 1108 
567 Undefinitized con-tractual actions 1109 
569 Mission need state-ment 1110 
571 Identification of major system acquisi-tions 1131 
572 Acquisition 1132 
573 Preliminary develop-ment and demonstra-tion 1133 
574 Acquisition, produc-tion, deployment, and support 1134 
575 Acquisition program baseline breach 1135 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
576 Acquisition approval authority 1136 
665 Restriction on con-struction of vessels in foreign shipyards 1151 
577 Advance procure-ment funding 1152 
96 Prohibition on over-haul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards 1153 
97 Procurement of buoy chain 1154 
657 Contract termination 1155 
581 Definitions 1171 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subdivision designations and headings in such chapter, except for— (A) the chapter designation and heading added by subsection (a); (B) the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; and (C) any designation or heading of a section or a subdivision of a section; (2) by inserting before section 1101 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; (3) by inserting before section 1131 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—IMPROVED ACQUISI-TION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES’’; (4) by inserting before section 1151 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PROCUREMENT’’; and (5) by inserting before section 1171 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS’’. 
SEC. 109. SUBTITLE II. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after chapter 11 (as amended by section 108) the fol-lowing: ‘‘Subtitle II—Personnel ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘19. Coast Guard Academy................1901 ‘‘21. Personnel; Officers......................2101 ‘‘23. Personnel; Enlisted.....................2301 ‘‘25. Personnel; General Provisions ....2501 ‘‘27. Pay, Allowances, Awards, and Other Rights and Benefits............2701 ‘‘29. Coast Guard Family Support, Child Care, and Housing..............2901’’. (b) R
ESERVED CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) C
HAPTER 13 .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning. (2) C
HAPTER 14 .—Chapter 14 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the sub-chapters of such chapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9609 November 27, 2018 
(3) C HAPTER 15 .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the sub-chapters of such chapter. (4) C
HAPTER 17 .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning. (5) C
HAPTER 18 .—Chapter 18 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning. 
SEC. 110. CHAPTER 19. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 19—COAST GUARD ACADEMY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1901. Administration of Academy. ‘‘1902. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence. ‘‘1903. Annual Board of Visitors. ‘‘1904. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —CADETS  ‘‘1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength. ‘‘1922. Appointments. ‘‘1923. Admission of foreign nationals for in-struction; restrictions; conditions. ‘‘1924. Conduct. ‘‘1925. Agreement. ‘‘1926. Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy. ‘‘1927. Cadets; initial clothing allowance. ‘‘1928. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science. ‘‘1929. Cadets; appointment as ensign. ‘‘1930. Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —FACULTY  ‘‘1941. Civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1942. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition. ‘‘1943. Appointment of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1944. Grade of permanent commissioned teach-ing staff. ‘‘1945. Retirement of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1946. Credit for service as member of civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1947. Assignment of personnel as instructors. ‘‘1948. Marine safety curriculum.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 19 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
181 Administration of Academy 1901 
200 Policy on sexual har-assment and sexual violence 1902 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
194 Annual Board of Visitors 1903 
196 Participation in Fed-eral, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 Admission of foreign nationals for in-struction; restric-tions; conditions 1923 
181a Cadet applicants; preappointment trav-el to Academy 1926 
183 Cadets; initial cloth-ing allowance 1927 
184 Cadets; degree of bachelor of science 1928 
185 Cadets; appointment as ensign 1929 
197 Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 
186 Civilian teaching staff 1941 
187 Permanent commis-sioned teaching staff; composition 1942 
188 Appointment of per-manent commis-sioned teaching staff 1943 
189 Grade of permanent commissioned teach-ing staff 1944 
190 Retirement of perma-nent commissioned teaching staff 1945 
191 Credit for service as member of civilian teaching staff 1946 
192 Assignment of per-sonnel as instructors 1947 
199 Marine safety cur-riculum 1948 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting before section 1901 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; (B) by inserting before section 1923 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—CADETS ‘‘§ 1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength ‘‘The number of cadets appointed annually to the Academy shall be as determined by the Sec-retary but the number appointed in any one year shall not exceed six hundred. ‘‘§ 1922. Appointments ‘‘Appointments to cadetships shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, who shall determine age limits, methods of selec-tion of applicants, term of service as a cadet be-fore graduation, and all other matters affecting such appointments. In the administration of this section, the Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to insure that female individuals shall be eligible for appoint-ment and admission to the Coast Guard Acad-emy, and that the relevant standards required for appointment, admission, training, gradua-tion, and commissioning of female individuals shall be the same as those required for male in-dividuals, except for those minimum essential adjustments in such standards required because of physiological differences between male and female individuals.’’; (C) by inserting before section 1926 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 1924. Conduct ‘‘The Secretary may summarily dismiss from the Coast Guard any cadet who, during his ca-detship, is found unsatisfactory in either studies or conduct, or may be deemed not adapted for a career in the Coast Guard. Cadets shall be sub-ject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Commandant. ‘‘§ 1925. Agreement ‘‘(a) Each cadet shall sign an agreement with respect to the cadet’s length of service in the Coast Guard. The agreement shall provide that the cadet agrees to the following: ‘‘(1) That the cadet will complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(2) That upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment, if tendered, as a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) will serve on active duty for at least five years immediately after such appointment. ‘‘(3) That if an appointment described in paragraph (2) is not tendered or if the cadet is permitted to resign as a regular officer before the completion of the commissioned service obli-gation of the cadet, the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a commis-sioned officer in the Coast Guard Reserve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component until completion of the commissioned service ob-ligation of the cadet. ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may transfer to the Coast Guard Reserve, and may order to active duty for such period of time as the Secretary prescribes (but not to exceed four years), a cadet who breaches an agreement under subsection (a). The period of time for which a cadet is or-dered to active duty under this paragraph may be determined without regard to section 651(a) of title 10. ‘‘(2) A cadet who is transferred to the Coast Guard Reserve under paragraph (1) shall be transferred in an appropriate enlisted grade or rating, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), a cadet shall be considered to have breached an agreement under subsection (a) if the cadet is separated from the Coast Guard Academy under circumstances which the Secretary determines constitute a breach by the cadet of the cadet’s agreement to complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy and accept an ap-pointment as a commissioned officer upon grad-uation from the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. Those regulations shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes, for the purpose of subsection (b), a breach of an agreement under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred; and ‘‘(3) standards for determining the period of time for which a person may be ordered to serve on active duty under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) In this section, ‘commissioned service ob-ligation’, with respect to an officer who is a graduate of the Academy, means the period be-ginning on the date of the officer’s appointment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9610 November 27, 2018 
as a commissioned officer and ending on the sixth anniversary of such appointment or, at the discretion of the Secretary, any later date up to the eighth anniversary of such appointment. ‘‘(e)(1) This section does not apply to a cadet who is not a citizen or national of the United States. ‘‘(2) In the case of a cadet who is a minor and who has parents or a guardian, the cadet may sign the agreement required by subsection (a) only with the consent of the parent or guardian. ‘‘(f) A cadet or former cadet who does not ful-fill the terms of the obligation to serve as speci-fied under section (a), or the alternative obliga-tion imposed under subsection (b), shall be sub-ject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37.’’; and (D) by inserting before section 1941 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—FACULTY’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 182 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 111. PART II. 
Part II of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 112. CHAPTER 21. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 21—PERSONNEL; OFFICERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2101. Original appointment of permanent com-missioned officers. ‘‘2102. Active duty promotion list. ‘‘2103. Number and distribution of commissioned officers on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2104. Appointment of temporary officers. ‘‘2105. Rank of warrant officers. ‘‘2106. Selection boards; convening of boards. ‘‘2107. Selection boards; composition of boards. ‘‘2108. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board. ‘‘2109. Selection boards; oath of members. ‘‘2110. Number of officers to be selected for pro-motion. ‘‘2111. Promotion zones. ‘‘2112. Promotion year; defined. ‘‘2113. Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion. ‘‘2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alas-ka. ‘‘2115. Selection boards; information to be fur-nished boards. ‘‘2116. Officers to be recommended for pro-motion. ‘‘2117. Selection boards; reports. ‘‘2118. Selection boards; submission of reports. ‘‘2119. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2120. Special selection boards; correction of er-rors. ‘‘2121. Promotions; appointments. ‘‘2122. Removal of officer from list of selectees for promotion. ‘‘2123. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘2124. Promotions; pay and allowances. ‘‘2125. Wartime temporary service promotions. ‘‘2126. Promotion of officers not included on ac-tive duty promotion list. ‘‘2127. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2128. Recall to active duty with consent of offi-cer. ‘‘2129. Aviation cadets; appointment as Reserve officers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —DISCHARGES ; RETIREMENTS ; 
REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS ; SEPARATION FOR  
CAUSE  ‘‘2141. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service. ‘‘2142. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); sepa-ration for failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2143. Regular lieutenants; separation for fail-ure of selection for promotion; continuation. ‘‘2144. Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments. ‘‘2145. Regular lieutenant commanders and com-manders; retirement for failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2146. Discharge in lieu of retirement; separa-tion pay. ‘‘2147. Regular warrant officers: separation pay. ‘‘2148. Separation for failure of selection for pro-motion or continuation; time of. ‘‘2149. Regular captains; retirement. ‘‘2150. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2151. Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2152. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2153. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2154. Compulsory retirement. ‘‘2155. Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired. ‘‘2156. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘2157. Flag officers. ‘‘2158. Review of records of officers. ‘‘2159. Boards of inquiry. ‘‘2160. Boards of review. ‘‘2161. Composition of boards. ‘‘2162. Rights and procedures. ‘‘2163. Removal of officer from active duty; ac-tion by Secretary. ‘‘2164. Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits. ‘‘2165. Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘2181. Physical fitness of officers. ‘‘2182. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 21 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
211 Original appoint-ment of permanent commissioned officers 2101 
41a Active duty pro-motion list 2102 
42 Number and distribu-tion of commissioned officers on active duty promotion list 2103 
214 Appointment of tem-porary officers 2104 
215 Rank of warrant of-ficers 2105 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
251 Selection boards; convening of boards 2106 
252 Selection boards; composition of boards 2107 
253 Selection boards; no-tice of convening; communication with board 2108 
254 Selection boards; oath of members 2109 
255 Number of officers to be selected for pro-motion 2110 
256 Promotion zones 2111 
256a Promotion year; de-fined 2112 
257 Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion 2113 
258 Selection boards; in-formation to be fur-nished boards 2115 
259 Officers to be rec-ommended for pro-motion 2116 
260 Selection boards; re-ports 2117 
261 Selection boards; submission of reports 2118 
262 Failure of selection for promotion 2119 
263 Special selection boards; correction of errors 2120 
271 Promotions; appoint-ments 2121 
272 Removal of officer from list of selectees for promotion 2122 
273 Promotions; accept-ance; oath of office 2123 
274 Promotions; pay and allowances 2124 
275 Wartime temporary service promotions 2125 
276 Promotion of officers not included on ac-tive duty promotion list 2126 
331 Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency 2127 
332 Recall to active duty with consent of offi-cer 2128 
373 Aviation cadets; ap-pointment as Reserve officers 2129 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9611 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
281 Revocation of com-missions during first five years of commis-sioned service 2141 
282 Regular lieutenants (junior grade); sepa-ration for failure of selection for pro-motion 2142 
283 Regular lieutenants; separation for fail-ure of selection for promotion; continu-ation 2143 
284 Regular Coast Guard; officers serv-ing under temporary appointments 2144 
285 Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retire-ment for failure of selection for pro-motion 2145 
286 Discharge in lieu of retirement; separa-tion pay 2146 
286a Regular warrant of-ficers: separation pay 2147 
287 Separation for fail-ure of selection for promotion or con-tinuation; time of 2148 
288 Regular captains; re-tirement 2149 
289 Captains; continu-ation on active duty; involuntary retire-ment 2150 
290 Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; in-voluntary retirement 2151 
291 Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service 2152 
292 Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service 2153 
293 Compulsory retire-ment 2154 
294 Retirement for phys-ical disability after selection for pro-motion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 Deferment of retire-ment or separation for medical reasons 2156 
296 Flag officers 2157 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
321 Review of records of officers 2158 
322 Boards of inquiry 2159 
323 Boards of review 2160 
324 Composition of boards 2161 
325 Rights and proce-dures 2162 
326 Removal of officer from active duty; ac-tion by Secretary 2163 
327 Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits 2164 
333 Relief of retired offi-cer promoted while on active duty 2165 
335 Physical fitness of officers 2181 
429 Multirater assess-ment of certain per-sonnel 2182 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subchapter designations and headings in such chapter, except for the sub-chapter designations and headings added by this subsection; (2) by inserting before section 2101 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION’’; (3) by inserting before section 2115 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska ‘‘Commissioned officers may be appointed as United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska.’’; (4) by inserting before section 2141 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DISCHARGES; RETIRE-MENTS; REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS; SEPARATION FOR CAUSE’’; and (5) by inserting before section 2181 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’. 
SEC. 113. CHAPTER 23. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 23 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 23—PERSONNEL; ENLISTED ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2301. Recruiting campaigns. ‘‘2302. Enlistments; term, grade. ‘‘2303. Promotion. ‘‘2304. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty- two. ‘‘2305. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2306. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2307. Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay. ‘‘2308. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2309. Recall to active duty with consent of member. ‘‘2310. Relief of retired enlisted member pro-moted while on active duty. ‘‘2311. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held. ‘‘2312. Extension of enlistments. ‘‘2313. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability. ‘‘2314. Detention beyond term of enlistment. ‘‘2315. Inclusion of certain conditions in enlist-ment contract. ‘‘2316. Discharge within three months before ex-piration of enlistment. ‘‘2317. Aviation cadets; procurement; transfer. ‘‘2318. Aviation cadets; benefits. ‘‘2319. Critical skill training bonus.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 23 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
350 Recruiting cam-paigns 2301 
351 Enlistments; term, grade 2302 
352 Promotion 2303 
353 Compulsory retire-ment at age of sixty- two 2304 
354 Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service 2305 
355 Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service 2306 
357 Retirement of en-listed members: in-crease in retired pay 2307 
359 Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency 2308 
360 Recall to active duty with consent of mem-ber 2309 
361 Relief of retired en-listed member pro-moted while on ac-tive duty 2310 
362 Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 
365 Extension of enlist-ments 2312 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9612 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
366 Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability 2313 
367 Detention beyond term of enlistment 2314 
369 Inclusion of certain conditions in enlist-ment contract 2315 
370 Discharge within three months before expiration of enlist-ment 2316 
371 Aviation cadets; pro-curement; transfer 2317 
372 Aviation cadets; ben-efits 2318 
374 Critical skill training bonus 2319 
SEC. 114. CHAPTER 25. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 25—PERSONNEL; GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2501. Grade on retirement. ‘‘2502. Retirement. ‘‘2503. Status of recalled personnel. ‘‘2504. Computation of retired pay. ‘‘2505. Limitations on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘2506. Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecu-tion. ‘‘2507. Board for Correction of Military Records deadline. ‘‘2508. Emergency leave retention authority. ‘‘2509. Prohibition of certain involuntary admin-istrative separations. ‘‘2510. Sea service letters. ‘‘2511. Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees. ‘‘2512. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. ‘‘2513. Computation of length of service. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE  ‘‘2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Service.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 25 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
334 Grade on retirement 2501 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
421 Retirement 2502 
422 Status of recalled personnel 2503 
423 Computation of re-tired pay 2504 
424 Limitations on re-tirement and retired pay 2505 
424a Suspension of pay-ment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 Board for Correction of Military Records deadline 2507 
426 Emergency leave re-tention authority 2508 
427 Prohibition of cer-tain involuntary ad-ministrative separa-tions 2509 
428 Sea service letters 2510 
430 Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
431 Leave policies for the Coast Guard 2512 
467 Computation of length of service 2513 
432 Personnel of former Lighthouse Service 2531 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2501 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; and (2) by inserting before section 2531 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE’’. 
SEC. 115. PART III. 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 116. CHAPTER 27. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 27—PAY, ALLOWANCES, AWARDS, AND OTHER RIGHTS AND BEN-EFITS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND  
BENEFITS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2701. Procurement of personnel. ‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted per-sonnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to mem-bers and civilian employees. ‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses incident to apprehension and delivery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of strag-glers. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report concerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condi-tion to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Life-saving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. ‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PAYMENTS  ‘‘2761. Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to. ‘‘2762. Shore patrol duty; payment of expenses. ‘‘2763. Compensatory absence from duty for mili-tary personnel at isolated duty stations. ‘‘2764. Monetary allowance for transportation of household effects. ‘‘2765. Retroactive payment of pay and allow-ances delayed by administrative error or oversight. ‘‘2766. Travel card management. ‘‘2767. Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain persons resid-ing on islands in the continental United States. ‘‘2768. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station. ‘‘2769. Remission of indebtedness. ‘‘2770. Special instruction at universities. ‘‘2771. Attendance at professional meetings. ‘‘2772. Education loan repayment program. ‘‘2773. Rations or commutation therefor in money. ‘‘2774. Sales of ration supplies to messes. ‘‘2775. Flight rations. ‘‘2776. Payments at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2777. Clothing for destitute shipwrecked per-sons. ‘‘2778. Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel. ‘‘2779. Transportation to and from certain places of employment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 27 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9613 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
468 Procurement of per-sonnel 2701 
469 Training 2702 
476 Contingent expenses 2703 
477 Equipment to pre-vent accidents 2704 
482 Clothing at time of discharge for good of service 2705 
483 Right to wear uni-form 2706 
484 Protection of uni-form 2707 
485 Clothing for officers and enlisted per-sonnel 2708 
487 Procurement and sale of stores to mem-bers and civilian em-ployees 2709 
507 Disposition of effects of decedents 2710 
508 Deserters; payment of expenses incident to apprehension and delivery; penalties 2711 
644 Payment for the ap-prehension of strag-glers 2712 
499 Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
491 Medal of honor 2732 
504 Medal of honor: du-plicate medal 2733 
505 Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
491a Coast Guard cross 2735 
492 Distinguished service medal 2736 
492a Silver star medal 2737 
492b Distinguished flying cross 2738 
493 Coast Guard medal 2739 
494 Insignia for addi-tional awards 2740 
496 Time limit on award; report concerning deed 2741 
497 Honorable subse-quent service as con-dition to award 2742 
498 Posthumous awards 2743 
500 Life-saving medals 2744 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
501 Replacement of med-als 2745 
502 Award of other med-als 2746 
503 Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct 2747 
516 Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 
509 Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to 2761 
510 Shore patrol duty; payment of expenses 2762 
511 Compensatory ab-sence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty sta-tions 2763 
512 Monetary allowance for transportation of household effects 2764 
513 Retroactive payment of pay and allow-ances delayed by ad-ministrative error or oversight 2765 
517 Travel card manage-ment 2766 
518 Reimbursement for medical-related trav-el expenses for cer-tain persons residing on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station 2768 
461 Remission of indebt-edness 2769 
470 Special instruction at universities 2770 
471 Attendance at pro-fessional meetings 2771 
472 Education loan re-payment program 2772 
478 Rations or commuta-tion therefor in money 2773 
479 Sales of ration sup-plies to messes 2774 
480 Flight rations 2775 
481 Payments at time of discharge for good of service 2776 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
486 Clothing for des-titute shipwrecked persons 2777 
488 Advancement of pub-lic funds to per-sonnel 2778 
660 Transportation to and from certain places of employment 2779 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2701 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS’’; (2) by inserting before section 2731 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—AWARDS’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2761 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PAYMENTS’’. 
SEC. 117. CHAPTER 29. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and insert-ing the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—COAST GUARD FAMILY SUPPORT, CHILD CARE, AND HOUSING ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —COAST GUARD FAMILIES  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Work-life policies and programs. ‘‘2902. Surveys of Coast Guard families. ‘‘2903. Reimbursement for adoption expenses. ‘‘2904. Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses. ‘‘2905. Youth sponsorship initiatives. ‘‘2906. Dependent school children. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child develop-ment centers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —HOUSING  ‘‘2941. Definitions. ‘‘2942. General authority. ‘‘2943. Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing. ‘‘2944. Retired service members and dependents serving on advisory committees. ‘‘2945. Conveyance of real property. ‘‘2946. Coast Guard Housing Fund. ‘‘2947. Reports.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 29 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9614 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
531 Work-life policies and programs 2901 
532 Surveys of Coast Guard families 2902 
541 Reimbursement for adoption expenses 2903 
542 Education and train-ing opportunities for Coast Guard spouses 2904 
543 Youth sponsorship initiatives 2905 
544 Dependent school children 2906 
551 Definitions 2921 
552 Child development services 2922 
553 Child development center standards and inspections 2923 
554 Child development center employees 2924 
555 Parent partnerships with child develop-ment centers 2925 
680 Definitions 2941 
681 General authority 2942 
475 Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing 2943 
680 Retired service mem-bers and dependents serving on advisory committees 2944 
685 Conveyance of real property 2945 
687 Coast Guard Hous-ing Fund 2946 
688 Reports 2947 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2901 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—COAST GUARD FAMILIES’’; (2) by inserting before section 2921 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—COAST GUARD CHILD CARE’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2941 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—HOUSING’’. 
SEC. 118. SUBTITLE III AND CHAPTER 37. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chap-ter 29 (as amended by section 117) the following: ‘‘Subtitle III—Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘37. Coast Guard Reserve...................3701 ‘‘39. Coast Guard Auxiliary................3901 ‘‘41. General Provisions for Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary.......4101 ‘‘CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD RESERVE ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3701. Organization. ‘‘3702. Authorized strength. ‘‘3703. Coast Guard Reserve Boards. ‘‘3704. Grades and ratings; military authority. ‘‘3705. Benefits. ‘‘3706. Temporary members of the Reserve; eligi-bility and compensation. ‘‘3707. Temporary members of the Reserve; dis-ability or death benefits. ‘‘3708. Temporary members of the Reserve; cer-tificate of honorable service. ‘‘3709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade. ‘‘3710. Reserve student pre-commissioning assist-ance program. ‘‘3711. Appointment or wartime promotion; re-tention of grade upon release from active duty. ‘‘3712. Exclusiveness of service. ‘‘3713. Active duty for emergency augmentation of regular forces. ‘‘3714. Enlistment of members engaged in school-ing. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. ‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial appoint-ment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on active duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selection boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an of-ficer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitlement to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or fail-ure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. ‘‘3752. Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of pro-motion. ‘‘3753. Maximum ages for retention in an active status. ‘‘3754. Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade. ‘‘3755. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer. ‘‘3756. Grade on entry upon active duty. ‘‘3757. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon re-lease.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
701 Organization 3701 
702 Authorized strength 3702 
703 Coast Guard Reserve Boards 3703 
704 Grades and ratings; military authority 3704 
705 Benefits 3705 
706 Temporary members of the Reserve; eligi-bility and compensa-tion 3706 
707 Temporary members of the Reserve; dis-ability or death ben-efits 3707 
708 Temporary members of the Reserve; cer-tificate of honorable service 3708 
709 Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade 3709 
709a Reserve student pre- commissioning assist-ance program 3710 
710 Appointment or war-time promotion; re-tention of grade upon release from active duty 3711 
711 Exclusiveness of service 3712 
712 Active duty for emer-gency augmentation of regular forces 3713 
713 Enlistment of mem-bers engaged in schooling 3714 
720 Definitions 3731 
721 Applicability of this subchapter 3732 
722 Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 Effect of this sub-chapter on retire-ment and retired pay 3734 
724 Authorized number of officers 3735 
725 Precedence 3736 
726 Running mates 3737 
727 Constructive credit upon initial appoint-ment 3738 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9615 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
728 Promotion of Reserve officers on active duty 3739 
729 Promotion; rec-ommendations of se-lection boards 3740 
730 Selection boards; ap-pointment 3741 
731 Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
732 Eligibility for pro-motion 3743 
733 Recommendation for promotion of an offi-cer previously re-moved from an active status 3744 
734 Qualifications for promotion 3745 
735 Promotion; accept-ance; oath of office 3746 
736 Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay 3747 
737 Type of promotion; temporary 3748 
738 Effect of removal by the President or fail-ure of consent of the Senate 3749 
739 Failure of selection for promotion 3750 
740 Failure of selection and removal from an active status 3751 
741 Retention boards; re-moval from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 
742 Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status 3753 
743 Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum serv-ice in grade 3754 
744 Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
745 Grade on entry upon active duty 3756 
746 Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 3701 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; and (2) by inserting before section 3731 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PERSONNEL’’. SEC. 119. CHAPTER 39. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chap-ter 37 (as added by section 118) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 39—COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3901. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxil-iary. ‘‘3902. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3903. Eligibility; enrollments. ‘‘3904. Members of the Auxiliary; status. ‘‘3905. Disenrollment. ‘‘3906. Membership in other organizations. ‘‘3907. Use of member’s facilities. ‘‘3908. Vessel deemed public vessel. ‘‘3909. Aircraft deemed public aircraft. ‘‘3910. Radio station deemed government station. ‘‘3911. Availability of appropriations. ‘‘3912. Assignment and performance of duties. ‘‘3913. Injury or death in line of duty.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 39 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
821 Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3901 
822 Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3902 
823 Eligibility; enroll-ments 3903 
823a Members of the Aux-iliary; status 3904 
824 Disenrollment 3905 
825 Membership in other organizations 3906 
826 Use of member’s fa-cilities 3907 
827 Vessel deemed public vessel 3908 
828 Aircraft deemed pub-lic aircraft 3909 
829 Radio station deemed government station 3910 
830 Availability of ap-propriations 3911 
831 Assignment and per-formance of duties 3912 
832 Injury or death in line of duty 3913 SEC. 120. CHAPTER 41. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chap-ter 39 (as added by section 119) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 41—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR COAST GUARD RESERVE AND AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4101. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insignia. ‘‘4102. Penalty. ‘‘4103. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve. ‘‘4104. Availability of facilities and appropria-tions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 41 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
891 Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia 4101 
892 Penalty 4102 
893 Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and tem-porary members of the Reserve 4103 
894 Availability of facili-ties and appropria-tions 4104 
SEC. 121. SUBTITLE IV AND CHAPTER 49. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chap-ter 41 (as added by section 120) the following: ‘‘Subtitle IV—Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘49. Authorizations............................4901 ‘‘51. Reports.......................................5101 ‘‘CHAPTER 49—AUTHORIZATIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4901. Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4902. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4903. Authorization of personnel end strengths. ‘‘4904. Authorized levels of military strength and training.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 49 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9616 November 27, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2701 Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations 4901 
2702 Authorization of ap-propriations 4902 
2703 Authorization of per-sonnel end strengths 4903 
2704 Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
SEC. 122. CHAPTER 51. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chap-ter 49 (as added by section 121) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 51—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘5101. Transmission of annual Coast Guard au-thorization request. ‘‘5102. Capital investment plan. ‘‘5103. Major acquisitions. ‘‘5104. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘5105. Inventory of real property. ‘‘5106. Annual performance report. ‘‘5107. Major acquisition risk assessment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table pro-vided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sec-tions for chapter 51 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sec-tions are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for identi-fication purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2901 Transmission of an-nual Coast Guard authorization re-quest 5101 
2902 Capital investment plan 5102 
2903 Major acquisitions 5103 
2904 Manpower require-ments plan 5104 
679 Inventory of real property 5105 
2905 Annual performance report 5106 
2906 Major acquisition risk assessment 5107 
SEC. 123. REFERENCES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) R
EDESIGNATED SECTION .—The term ‘‘redes-ignated section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section is so redesignated. (2) S
OURCE SECTION .—The term ‘‘source sec-tion’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section was in effect before the redesignation. (b) REFERENCE TO SOURCE SECTION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCE .—A reference to a source section, including a reference in a reg-ulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding redesignated section. (2) T
ITLE 14 .—In title 14, United States Code, each reference in the text of such title to a source section is amended by striking such ref-erence and inserting a reference to the appro-priate, as determined using the tables located in this title, redesignated section. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EFERENCE TO SECTION 182 .—Section 1923(c) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesig-nated by this title, is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 182’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1922’’. (2) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 11 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 2146(d), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (B) in section 3739, as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 21’’. (3) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 13 .—Section 3705(b) of title 14, United States Code, as so re-designated by this title, is further amended by striking ‘‘chapter 13’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 27’’. (4) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 15 .—Section 308(b)(3) of title 14, United States Code, as so re-designated by this title, is further amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 11’’. (5) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 19 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 4901(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and inserting ‘‘section 318’’; and (B) in section 4902(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and inserting ‘‘section 318’’. (6) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 23 .—Section 701(a) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesig-nated by this title, is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘chapter 23’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 39’’. 
SEC. 124. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to reorganize title 14, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of title 14, United States Code, including any authority or require-ment therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, when-ever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision of title 14, United States Code, the reference shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 4902. Authorizations of appropriations ‘‘(a) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,210,313,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, renova-tion, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, in-cluding operations and maintenance of the pro-gram, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services, $114,875,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 3 of this title, $13,397,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environ-mental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) FISCAL YEAR2019.—Funds are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for nec-essary expenses of the Coast Guard as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,914,195,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) Of the amount authorized under sub-paragraph (A)— ‘‘(i) $16,701,000 shall be for environmental compliance and restoration; and ‘‘(ii) $199,360,000 shall be for the Coast Guard’s Medicare-eligible retiree health care fund contribution to the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) For the procurement, construction, ren-ovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) To the Commandant for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environ-mental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—On October 1, 2018— (1) section 4902(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be re-pealed; and (2) subsection 4902(b) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be amended by striking ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.—’’. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 4904 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and 44,500 for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is author-ized for the acquisition of 3 Fast Response Cut-ters. (b) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED CUTTERS .—Any cutters acquired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in addition to the 58 cutters approved under the existing acquisition baseline. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR SHORESIDE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9617 November 27, 2018 
up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund the acquisition, construction, rebuilding, or improvement of Coast Guard shoreside infrastructure and facilities necessary to support Coast Guard operations and readi-ness. 
SEC. 206. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR AIR-CRAFT IMPROVEMENTS. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $3,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund analysis and program devel-opment for improvements to or the replacement of rotary-wing aircraft. TITLE III—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, when-ever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision of title 14, United States Code, the reference shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRIMARY DUTIES. 
Section 102(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) maintain a state of readiness to assist in the defense of the United States, including when functioning as a specialized service in the Navy pursuant to section 103.’’. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 316. National Coast Guard Museum ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Commandant may establish a National Coast Guard Museum, on lands which will be federally owned and admin-istered by the Coast Guard, and are located in New London, Connecticut, at, or in close prox-imity to, the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall not expend any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the con-struction of any museum established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall fund the National Coast Guard Museum with nonappropriated and non-Federal funds to the maximum extent practicable. The priority use of Federal funds should be to preserve and protect historic Coast Guard artifacts, including the design, fabrica-tion, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are included. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may expend funds appro-priated to the Coast Guard on the engineering and design of a National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING PLAN.—Before the date on which the Commandant establishes a National Coast Guard Museum under subsection (a), the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such a museum, including— ‘‘(1) estimated planning, engineering, design, construction, operation, and maintenance costs; ‘‘(2) the extent to which appropriated, non-appropriated, and non-Federal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engi-neering, design, or construction; and ‘‘(3) a certification by the Inspector General of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating that the estimates provided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and real-istic. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY .—The Commandant may not establish a National Coast Guard museum ex-cept as set forth in this section.’’. 
SEC. 304. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L AND-BASED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM  P
ROGRAM .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a land-based unmanned aircraft system program under the control of the Commandant. ‘‘(b) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft sys-tem’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEMS.—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1155 the following: ‘‘§ 1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the design or construction of an Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant— ‘‘(1) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aircraft system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) may lease, acquire, or acquire the services of an unmanned aircraft system only if such system— ‘‘(A) has been part of a program of record of, procured by, or used by a Federal entity (or funds for research, development, test, and eval-uation have been received from a Federal entity with regard to such system) before the date on which the Commandant leases, acquires, or ac-quires the services of the system; and ‘‘(B) is leased, acquired, or utilized by the Commandant through an agreement with a Fed-eral entity, unless such an agreement is not practicable or would be less cost-effective than an independent contract action by the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) S
MALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT EXEMP -
TION.—Subsection (a)(2) does not apply to small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘small unmanned aircraft’ and ‘unmanned air-craft system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER 3 .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program.’’. (2) C
HAPTER 11 .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 1155 the following: ‘‘1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 1105 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 305. COAST GUARD HEALTH-CARE PROFES-SIONALS; LICENSURE PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 507 the following: ‘‘§ 508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding the licensure of health-care providers, a health-care professional described in subsection (b) may practice the health profession or professions of the health- care professional at any location in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, re-gardless of where such health-care professional or the patient is located, if the practice is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of such health-care professional. ‘‘(b) D
ESCRIBED INDIVIDUALS .—A health-care professional described in this subsection is an individual— ‘‘(1) who is— ‘‘(A) a member of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) a civilian employee of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) a member of the Public Health Service who is assigned to the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(D) any other health-care professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health- care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) who— ‘‘(A) has a current license to practice medi-cine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or another health profession; and ‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘license’ and ‘health-care professional’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1094(e) of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 507 the following: ‘‘508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; li-censure portability.’’. (c) E
LECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .— (1) S
YSTEM .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard is authorized to procure for the Coast Guard an electronic health record system that— (A) has been competitively awarded by the Department of Defense; and (B) ensures full integration with the Depart-ment of Defense electronic health record sys-tems. (2) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant is author-ized to procure support services for the elec-tronic health record system procured under paragraph (1) necessary to ensure full integra-tion with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (B) S
COPE.—Support services procured pursu-ant to this paragraph may include services for the following: (i) System integration support. (ii) Hosting support. (iii) Training, testing, technical, and data mi-gration support. (iv) Hardware support. (v) Any other support the Commandant con-siders appropriate. (3) A
UTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .—The Commandant is authorized to procure an elec-tronic health record system under this sub-section through the following: (A) A task order under the Department of De-fense electronic health record contract. (B) A sole source contract award. (C) An agreement made pursuant to sections 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code. (D) A contract or other procurement vehicle otherwise authorized. (4) C
OMPETITION IN CONTRACTING ; EXEMP -
TION.—Procurement of an electronic health record system and support services pursuant to this subsection shall be exempt from the com-petition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING; EMERGENCY RESPONSE PRO-VIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 718. Training; emergency response pro-viders ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant may, on a reimbursable or a non-reimbursable basis, make a training available to emergency response providers whenever the Commandant determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who is scheduled to participate in such training, is un-able or unavailable to participate in such train-ing; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard who is unable or unavailable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9618 November 27, 2018 
to participate in such training is assigned, is able or available to participate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to such emergency response providers, would further the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, non-Federal governmental agencies, or both. ‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘emergency re-sponse providers’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursements for a training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be cred-ited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section, who is not other-wise a Federal employee, shall not, because of that training, be considered a Federal employee for any purpose (including the purposes of chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to compensation for injury) and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims)). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for actions taken by an individual in the course of training made avail-able under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘718. Training; emergency response providers.’’. 
SEC. 307. INCENTIVE CONTRACTS FOR COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ES-TABLISHMENTS. 
Section 939 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary may’’ the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated by para-graph (1) of this section, by striking the period at the end of the last sentence and inserting ‘‘or in accordance with subsection (b).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCENTIVE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) The parties to an order for industrial work to be performed by the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard industrial establishment des-ignated under subsection (a) may enter into an order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee order in ac-cordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) If such parties enter into such an order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee order, an agreed-upon amount of any adjustment described in sub-section (a) may be distributed as an incentive to the wage-grade industrial employees who com-plete the order. ‘‘(3) Before entering into such an order or cost-plus-incentive-fee order such parties must agree that the wage-grade employees of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial es-tablishment will take action to improve the de-livery schedule or technical performance agreed to in the order for industrial work to which such parties initially agreed. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establish-ment satisfies the performance target established in such an order or cost-plus-incentive-fee order— ‘‘(A) the adjustment to be made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be reduced by an agreed- upon amount and distributed to such wage- grade industrial employees; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation for such order cur-rent at that time.’’. 
SEC. 308. CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE EX-PENSES. 
Section 944 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000’’. 
SEC. 309. REGULAR CAPTAINS; RETIREMENT. 
Section 2149(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of se-lectees promulgated by the Secretary under sec-tion 2121(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘or placed at the top of the list of select-ees, as applicable.’’. SEC. 310. CONVERSION, ALTERATION, AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 951 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel con-version, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military considerations and may not be restricted by a requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be as-signed to a particular type of shipyard or geo-graphical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 951 the following: ‘‘952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. 
SEC. 311. CONTRACTING FOR MAJOR ACQUISI-TIONS PROGRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘aircraft, and systems,’’ after ‘‘vessels,’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after sec-tion 1136 the following: ‘‘§ 1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out authorities provided to the Secretary to design, construct, accept, or otherwise acquire assets and systems under section 501(d), the Secretary, acting through the Commandant or the head of an in-tegrated program office established for a major acquisition program, may enter into contracts for a major acquisition program. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED METHODS .—Contracts en-tered into under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may be block buy contracts; ‘‘(2) may be incrementally funded; ‘‘(3) may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity purchases, of— ‘‘(A) materials and components; and ‘‘(B) long lead time materials; and ‘‘(4) as provided in section 2306b of title 10, may be multiyear contracts. ‘‘(c) S
UBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—Any con- tract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of amounts specifically pro-vided in advance for that purpose in subsequent appropriations Acts.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 1136 the following: ‘‘1137. Contracting for major acquisitions pro-grams.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The fol- lowing provisions are repealed: (1) Section 223 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (14 U.S.C. 1152 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act. (2) Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (14 U.S.C. 1133 note). (3) Section 207(a) of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 2016 (14 U.S.C. 561 note). (e) I
NTERNAL REGULATIONS AND POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall estab-lish the internal regulations and policies nec-essary to exercise the authorities provided under this section, including the amendments made in this section. (f) MULTIYEAR CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, elev-enth, and twelfth National Security Cutter and associated government-furnished equipment. 
SEC. 312. OFFICER PROMOTION ZONES. 
Section 2111(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six-tenths.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘one-half.’’. 
SEC. 313. CROSS REFERENCE. 
Section 2129(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under sec-tion 2317’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
SEC. 314. COMMISSIONED SERVICE RETIREMENT. 
For Coast Guard officers who retire in fiscal year 2018 or 2019, the President may reduce the period of active commissioned service required under section 2152 of title 14, United States Code, to a period of not less than 8 years. 
SEC. 315. LEAVE FOR BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD. 
(a) P OLICY .—Section 2512 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
EAVE ASSOCIATED WITHBIRTH OR ADOP-
TION OF CHILD.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), sections 701 and 704 of title 10, or any other provision of law, all officers and enlisted mem-bers of the Coast Guard shall be authorized leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child during the 1-year period immediately fol-lowing such birth or adoption and, at the dis-cretion of the Commanding Officer, such officer or enlisted member shall be permitted— ‘‘(1) to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) to use flexible work schedules (pursuant to a program established by the Secretary in ac-cordance with chapter 61 of title 5).’’. (b) F
LEXIBLE WORK SCHEDULES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall ensure that a flexible work schedule program under chapter 61 of title 5, United States Code, is in place for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 316. CLOTHING AT TIME OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the anal-ysis for chapter 27 of that title, are repealed. 
SEC. 317. UNFUNDED PRIORITIES LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5102 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each cap-ital asset for which appropriations are proposed in that budget— ‘‘(1) the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(2) the total estimated cost of completion based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; ‘‘(4) an estimated completion date based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9619 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(5) an acquisition program baseline, as appli-cable; and ‘‘(6) projected commissioning and decommis-sioning dates for each asset.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(1) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program baseline; or ‘‘(2) the acquisition of a capital asset in excess of the number included in the approved acquisi-tion program baseline.’’. (b) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .—Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5108. Unfunded priorities list ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a list of each unfunded pri-ority for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION .—The list required under subsection (a) shall present the unfunded prior-ities in order from the highest priority to the lowest, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a program or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement asso-ciated with an operational need; and ‘‘(3) the Commandant would have rec-ommended for inclusion in the applicable pro-posed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5108. Unfunded priorities list.’’. 
SEC. 318. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 527 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves- sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the Armed Forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) For purposes of this title, the term ‘vessel of the Armed Forces’ means— ‘‘(1) any vessel owned or operated by the De-partment of Defense or the Coast Guard, other than a time- or voyage-chartered vessel; and ‘‘(2) any vessel owned and operated by the Department of Transportation that is des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating as a vessel equivalent to a vessel described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is fur-ther amended by striking the item relating to section 527 and inserting the following: ‘‘527. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2510(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘Armed Forces’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘section 101(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 527(e)’’. SEC. 319. AIR FACILITIES. 
Section 912 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) in subsection (a) as redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to closing an air fa-cility, the Secretary shall provide opportunities for public comment, including the convening of public meetings in communities in the area of re-sponsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or cessation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Prior to convening a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify each congressional office representing any portion of the area of responsi-bility of the air station that is the subject to such public meeting of the schedule and location of such public meeting.’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the determination made by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) a report summarizing the public com-ments received by the Secretary under para-graph (3)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—The Secretary may not close, cease operations, or significantly reduce personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility for which a written notice is provided under paragraph (4)(A) until a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which such notice is provided has elapsed.’’. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY 
SEC. 401. CODIFICATION OF PORTS AND WATER-WAYS SAFETY ACT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Subtitle VII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting be-fore chapter 701 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 700—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER A —VESSEL OPERATIONS  ‘‘70001. Vessel traffic services. ‘‘70002. Special powers. ‘‘70003. Port access routes. ‘‘70004. Considerations by Secretary. ‘‘70005. International agreements. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER B —PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY  ‘‘70011. Waterfront safety. ‘‘70012. Navigational hazards. ‘‘70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navi-gable waters of the United States. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER C —CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO  
PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES  ‘‘70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the united states. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D —DEFINITIONS , REGULATIONS , EN-
FORCEMENT , INVESTIGATORY POWERS , APPLICA -
BILITY  ‘‘70031. Definitions. ‘‘70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘70033. Limitation on application to foreign ves-sels. ‘‘70034. Regulations. ‘‘70035. Investigatory powers. ‘‘70036. Enforcement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—VESSEL OPERATIONS ‘‘§ 70001. Vessel traffic services ‘‘(a) Subject to the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) in any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States, in the navigable waters of the United States, or in any area cov-ered by an international agreement negotiated pursuant to section 70005, may construct, oper-ate, maintain, improve, or expand vessel traffic services, that consist of measures for controlling or supervising vessel traffic or for protecting navigation and the marine environment and that may include one or more of reporting and operating requirements, surveillance and com-munications systems, routing systems, and fair-ways; ‘‘(2) shall require appropriate vessels that op-erate in an area of a vessel traffic service to uti-lize or comply with that service; ‘‘(3)(A) may require vessels to install and use specified navigation equipment, communications equipment, electronic relative motion analyzer equipment, or any electronic or other device nec-essary to comply with a vessel traffic service or that is necessary in the interests of vessel safety. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not require fishing vessels under 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under sec-tion 14104, or recreational vessels 65 feet or less to possess or use the equipment or devices re-quired by this subsection solely under the au-thority of this chapter; ‘‘(4) may control vessel traffic in areas subject to the jurisdiction of the United States that the Secretary determines to be hazardous, or under conditions of reduced visibility, adverse weath-er, vessel congestion, or other hazardous cir-cumstances, by— ‘‘(A) specifying times of entry, movement, or departure; ‘‘(B) establishing vessel traffic routing schemes; ‘‘(C) establishing vessel size, speed, or draft limitations and vessel operating conditions; and ‘‘(D) restricting operation, in any hazardous area or under hazardous conditions, to vessels that have particular operating characteristics or capabilities that the Secretary considers nec-essary for safe operation under the cir-cumstances; ‘‘(5) may require the receipt of prearrival mes-sages from any vessel, destined for a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in sufficient time to permit advance ves-sel traffic planning before port entry, which shall include any information that is not al-ready a matter of record and that the Secretary determines necessary for the control of the ves-sel and the safety of the port or the marine envi-ronment; and ‘‘(6) may prohibit the use on vessels of elec-tronic or other devices that interfere with com-munication and navigation equipment, except that such authority shall not apply to electronic or other devices certified to transmit in the mari-time services by the Federal Communications Commission and used within the frequency bands 157.1875–157.4375 MHz and 161.7875– 162.0375 MHz. ‘‘(b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or pri-vate agencies, authorities, associations, institu-tions, corporations, organizations, or other per-sons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out an inherently governmental function. ‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term ‘in-herently governmental function’ means any ac-tivity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate performance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, includ-ing an activity that requires either the exercise of discretion in applying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9620 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(c) L IMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR COAST G
UARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PILOTS AND  N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE OPERA-
TORS.— ‘‘(1) C
OAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PI -
LOTS.—Any pilot, acting in the course and scope of his or her duties while at a Coast Guard Ves-sel Traffic Service, who provides information, advice, or communication assistance while under the supervision of a Coast Guard officer, member, or employee shall not be liable for dam-ages caused by or related to such assistance un-less the acts or omissions of such pilot constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
OPERATORS .—An entity operating a non-Federal vessel traffic information service or advisory service pursuant to a duly executed written agreement with the Coast Guard, and any pilot acting on behalf of such entity, is not liable for damages caused by or related to information, advice, or communication assistance provided by such entity or pilot while so operating or acting unless the acts or omissions of such entity or pilot constitute gross negligence or willful mis-conduct. ‘‘§ 70002. Special powers ‘‘The Secretary may order any vessel, in a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States or in the navigable waters of the United States, to operate or anchor in a manner the Secretary directs if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary has reasonable cause to be-lieve such vessel does not comply with any regu-lation issued under section 70034 or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines such vessel does not satisfy the conditions for port entry set forth in section 70021 of this title; or ‘‘(3) by reason of weather, visibility, sea con-ditions, port congestion, other hazardous cir-cumstances, or the condition of such vessel, the Secretary is satisfied such direction is justified in the interest of safety. ‘‘§ 70003. Port access routes ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and subject to the re-quirements of subsection (c), in order to provide safe access routes for the movement of vessel traffic proceeding to or from ports or places sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary shall designate necessary fairways and traffic separation schemes for vessels oper-ating in the territorial sea of the United States and in high seas approaches, outside the terri-torial sea, to such ports or places. Such a des-ignation shall recognize, within the designated area, the paramount right of navigation over all other uses. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No designation may be made by the Secretary under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines such a designa-tion, as implemented, would deprive any person of the effective exercise of a right granted by a lease or permit executed or issued under other applicable provisions of law; and ‘‘(B) such right has become vested before the time of publication of the notice required by paragraph (1) of subsection (c). ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall make the determination under paragraph (1)(A) after consultation with the head of the agency responsible for executing the lease or issuing the permit. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER USES.—Before making a designation under subsection (a), and in accordance with the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) undertake a study of the potential traffic density and the need for safe access routes for vessels in any area for which fairways or traffic separation schemes are proposed or that may otherwise be considered and publish notice of such undertaking in the Federal Register; ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Army, and the Governors of affected States, as their re-sponsibilities may require, take into account all other uses of the area under consideration, in-cluding, as appropriate, the exploration for, or exploitation of, oil, gas, or other mineral re-sources, the construction or operation of deep-water ports or other structures on or above the seabed or subsoil of the submerged lands or the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the establishment or operation of marine or es-tuarine sanctuaries, and activities involving rec-reational or commercial fishing; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, reconcile the need for safe access routes with the needs of all other reasonable uses of the area involved. ‘‘(d) STUDY .—In carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) proceed expeditiously to complete any study undertaken; and ‘‘(2) after completion of such a study, prompt-ly— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for the designation contemplated; or ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a notice that no designation is contemplated as a result of the study and the reason for such determina-tion. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF DESIGNATION .—In connection with a designation made under this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall issue reasonable rules and regula-tions governing the use of such designated areas, including rules and regulations regarding the applicability of rules 9 and 10 of the Inter-national Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972, relating to narrow channels and traffic separation schemes, respectively, in waters where such regulations apply; ‘‘(2) to the extent that the Secretary finds rea-sonable and necessary to effectuate the purposes of the designation, make the use of designated fairways and traffic separation schemes manda-tory for specific types and sizes of vessels, for-eign and domestic, operating in the territorial sea of the United States and for specific types and sizes of vessels of the United States oper-ating on the high seas beyond the territorial sea of the United States; ‘‘(3) may, from time to time, as necessary, ad-just the location or limits of designated fairways or traffic separation schemes in order to accom-modate the needs of other uses that cannot be reasonably accommodated otherwise, except that such an adjustment may not, in the judgment of the Secretary, unacceptably adversely affect the purpose for which the existing designation was made and the need for which continues; and ‘‘(4) shall, through appropriate channels— ‘‘(A) notify cognizant international organiza-tions of any designation, or adjustment thereof; and ‘‘(B) take action to seek the cooperation of foreign States in making it mandatory for ves-sels under their control to use, to the same ex-tent as required by the Secretary for vessels of the United States, any fairway or traffic separa-tion scheme designated under this section in any area of the high seas. ‘‘§ 70004. Considerations by Secretary ‘‘In carrying out the duties of the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, and 70003, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) take into account all relevant factors concerning navigation and vessel safety, protec-tion of the marine environment, and the safety and security of United States ports and water-ways, including— ‘‘(A) the scope and degree of the risk or haz-ard involved; ‘‘(B) vessel traffic characteristics and trends, including traffic volume, the sizes and types of vessels involved, potential interference with the flow of commercial traffic, the presence of any unusual cargoes, and other similar factors; ‘‘(C) port and waterway configurations and variations in local conditions of geography, cli-mate, and other similar factors; ‘‘(D) the need for granting exemptions for the installation and use of equipment or devices for use with vessel traffic services for certain classes of small vessels, such as self-propelled fishing vessels and recreational vessels; ‘‘(E) the proximity of fishing grounds, oil and gas drilling and production operations, or any other potential or actual conflicting activity; ‘‘(F) environmental factors; ‘‘(G) economic impact and effects; ‘‘(H) existing vessel traffic services; and ‘‘(I) local practices and customs, including voluntary arrangements and agreements within the maritime community; and ‘‘(2) at the earliest possible time, consult with and receive and consider the views of represent-atives of the maritime community, ports and harbor authorities or associations, environ-mental groups, and other persons who may be affected by the proposed actions. ‘‘§ 70005. International agreements ‘‘(a) TRANSMITTAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall transmit, via the Secretary of State, to appropriate international bodies or fo-rums, any regulations issued under this sub-chapter, for consideration as international standards. ‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS .—The President is author-ized and encouraged to— ‘‘(1) enter into negotiations and conclude and execute agreements with neighboring nations, to establish compatible vessel standards and vessel traffic services, and to establish, operate, and maintain international vessel traffic services, in areas and under circumstances of mutual con-cern; and ‘‘(2) enter into negotiations, through appro-priate international bodies, and conclude and execute agreements to establish vessel traffic services in appropriate areas of the high seas. ‘‘(c) O
PERATIONS .—The Secretary, pursuant to any agreement negotiated under subsection (b) that is binding upon the United States in ac-cordance with constitutional requirements, may— ‘‘(1) require vessels operating in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or to comply with the vessel traffic service, including the carrying or installation of equipment and devices as nec-essary for the use of the service; and ‘‘(2) waive, by order or regulation, the appli-cation of any United States law or regulation concerning the design, construction, operation, equipment, personnel qualifications, and man-ning standards for vessels operating in waters over which the United States exercises jurisdic-tion if such vessel is not en route to or from a United States port or place, and if vessels en route to or from a United States port or place are accorded equivalent waivers of laws and regulations of the neighboring nation, when op-erating in waters over which that nation exer-cises jurisdiction. ‘‘(d) S
HIP REPORTING SYSTEMS .—The Sec- retary, in cooperation with the International Maritime Organization, may implement and en-force two mandatory ship reporting systems, consistent with international law, with respect to vessels subject to such reporting systems en-tering the following areas of the Atlantic Ocean: ‘‘(1) Cape Cod Bay, Massachusetts Bay, and Great South Channel (in the area generally bounded by a line starting from a point on Cape Ann, Massachusetts at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 45 ′ N., 70 deg. 13′ W; then southeast to 42 deg. 10 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W, then south to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W; then west to 41 deg. 00′ N., 69 deg. 17′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 05′ N., 70 deg. 02′ W, then west to 42 deg. 04′ N., 70 deg. 10′ W; and then along the Massachusetts shoreline of Cape Cod Bay and Massachusetts Bay back to the point on Cape Ann at 42 deg. 39′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W). ‘‘(2) In the coastal waters of the Southeastern United States within about 25 nm along a 90 nm stretch of the Atlantic seaboard (in an area gen-erally extending from the shoreline east to lon-gitude 80 deg. 51.6′ W with the southern and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9621 November 27, 2018 
northern boundary at latitudes 30 deg. 00 ′ N., 31 deg. 27′ N., respectively). ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘§ 70011. Waterfront safety ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may take such action as is necessary to— ‘‘(1) prevent damage to, or the destruction of, any bridge or other structure on or in the navi-gable waters of the United States, or any land structure or shore area immediately adjacent to such waters; and ‘‘(2) protect the navigable waters and the re-sources therein from harm resulting from vessel or structure damage, destruction, or loss. ‘‘(b) A
CTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Actions author-ized by subsection (a) include— ‘‘(1) establishing procedures, measures, and standards for the handling, loading, unloading, storage, stowage, and movement on a structure (including the emergency removal, control, and disposition) of explosives or other dangerous ar-ticles and substances, including oil or haz-ardous material as those terms are defined in section 2101; ‘‘(2) prescribing minimum safety equipment re-quirements for a structure to assure adequate protection from fire, explosion, natural disaster, and other serious accidents or casualties; ‘‘(3) establishing water or waterfront safety zones, or other measures, for limited, controlled, or conditional access and activity when nec-essary for the protection of any vessel, struc-ture, waters, or shore area; and ‘‘(4) establishing procedures for examination to assure compliance with the requirements pre-scribed under this section. ‘‘(c) S
TATE LAW.—Nothing in this section, with respect to structures, prohibits a State or political subdivision thereof from prescribing higher safety equipment requirements or safety standards than those that may be prescribed by regulations under this section. ‘‘§ 70012. Navigational hazards ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING PROCEDURE .—The Secretary shall establish a program to encourage fisher-men and other vessel operators to report poten-tial or existing navigational hazards involving pipelines to the Secretary through Coast Guard field offices. ‘‘(b) S
ECRETARY ’SRESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION BY THE OPERATOR OF A  
PIPELINE .—Upon notification by the operator of a pipeline of a hazard to navigation with re-spect to that pipeline, the Secretary shall imme-diately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, other affected Federal and State agencies, and vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION BY OTHER PERSONS .—Upon notification by any other person of a hazard or potential hazard to navigation with respect to a pipeline, the Secretary shall promptly determine whether a hazard exists, and if so shall imme-diately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, other affected Federal and State agencies, vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity, and the owner and operator of the pipeline. ‘‘(c) P
IPELINE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘pipeline’ has the meaning given the term ‘pipeline facility’ in section 60101(a)(18) of title 49. ‘‘§ 70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—As soon as a person has knowledge of any release from a vessel or facil-ity into the navigable waters of the United States of any object that creates an obstruction prohibited under section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Har-bors Appropriations Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403), such person shall notify the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army of such release. ‘‘(b) RESTRICTION ON USE OF NOTIFICATION .— Any notification provided by an individual in accordance with subsection (a) may not be used against such individual in any criminal case, except a prosecution for perjury or for giving a false statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the United States ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No vessel that is subject to chapter 37 shall operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo or residue in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States, if such vessel— ‘‘(1) has a history of accidents, pollution inci-dents, or serious repair problems that, as deter-mined by the Secretary, creates reason to believe that such vessel may be unsafe or may create a threat to the marine environment; ‘‘(2) fails to comply with any applicable regu-lation issued under section 70034, chapter 37, or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(3) discharges oil or hazardous material in violation of any law of the United States or in a manner or quantities inconsistent with any treaty to which the United States is a party; ‘‘(4) does not comply with any applicable ves-sel traffic service requirements; ‘‘(5) is manned by one or more officers who are licensed by a certificating State that the Secretary has determined, pursuant to section 9101 of title 46, does not have standards for li-censing and certification of seafarers that are comparable to or more stringent than United States standards or international standards that are accepted by the United States; ‘‘(6) is not manned in compliance with man-ning levels as determined by the Secretary to be necessary to insure the safe navigation of the vessel; or ‘‘(7) while underway, does not have at least one licensed deck officer on the navigation bridge who is capable of clearly understanding English. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow provisional entry of a vessel that is not in com-pliance with subsection (a), if the owner or op-erator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is not unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and if such entry is necessary for the safety of the ves-sel or persons aboard. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONS NOT APPLICABLE .—Para- graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (a) of this section shall not apply to a vessel allowed provisional entry under paragraph (1) if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is no longer unsafe or a threat to the marine envi-ronment, and is no longer in violation of any applicable law, treaty, regulation, or condition, as appropriate. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS, REGULA-TIONS, ENFORCEMENT, INVESTIGATORY POWERS, APPLICABILITY ‘‘§ 70031. Definitions ‘‘As used in subchapters A through C and this subchapter, unless the context otherwise re-quires: ‘‘(1) The term ‘marine environment’ means— ‘‘(A) the navigable waters of the United States and the land and resources therein and there-under; ‘‘(B) the waters and fishery resources of any area over which the United States asserts exclu-sive fishery management authority; ‘‘(C) the seabed and subsoil of the Outer Con-tinental Shelf of the United States, the resources thereof, and the waters superjacent thereto; and ‘‘(D) the recreational, economic, and scenic values of such waters and resources. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, except that such term means the Sec-retary of Transportation with respect to the ap-plication of this chapter to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘(3) The term ‘navigable waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation No. 5928 of December 27, 1988. ‘‘§ 70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway ‘‘The authority granted to the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, 70003, 70004, and 70011 may not be delegated with respect to the Saint Lawrence Seaway to any agency other than the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation. Any other authority granted the Secretary under subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall be delegated by the Sec-retary to the Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation to the extent the Secretary de-termines such delegation is necessary for the proper operation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘§ 70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels ‘‘Except pursuant to international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the territorial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an inter-national strait. ‘‘§ 70034. Regulations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In accordance with section 553 of title 5, the Secretary shall issue, and may from time to time amend or repeal, regulations necessary to implement subchapters A through C and this subchapter. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In the exercise of the regulatory authority under subchapters A through C and this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with, and receive and consider the views of all interested persons, including— ‘‘(1) interested Federal departments and agen-cies; ‘‘(2) officials of State and local governments; ‘‘(3) representatives of the maritime commu-nity; ‘‘(4) representatives of port and harbor au-thorities or associations; ‘‘(5) representatives of environmental groups; ‘‘(6) any other interested persons who are knowledgeable or experienced in dealing with problems involving vessel safety, port and wa-terways safety, and protection of the marine en-vironment; and ‘‘(7) advisory committees consisting of all in-terested segments of the public when the estab-lishment of such committees is considered nec-essary because the issues involved are highly complex or controversial. ‘‘§ 70035. Investigatory powers ‘‘(a) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary may inves-tigate any incident, accident, or act involving the loss or destruction of, or damage to, any structure subject to subchapters A through C and this subchapter, or that affects or may af-fect the safety or environmental quality of the ports, harbors, or navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘(b) P
OWERS .—In an investigation under this section, the Secretary may issue subpoenas to require the attendance of witnesses and the pro-duction of documents or other evidence relating to such incident, accident, or act. If any person refuses to obey a subpoena, the Secretary may request the Attorney General to invoke the aid of the appropriate district court of the United States to compel compliance with the subpoena. Any district court of the United States may, in the case of refusal to obey a subpoena, issue an order requiring compliance with the subpoena, and failure to obey the order may be punished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9622 November 27, 2018 
by the court as contempt. Witnesses may be paid fees for travel and attendance at rates not ex-ceeding those allowed in a district court of the United States. ‘‘§ 70036. Enforcement ‘‘(a) C
IVILPENALTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who is found by the Secretary, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, to have violated sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or a regulation issued under subchapters A through C or this subchapter shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to exceed $25,000 for each violation. Each day of a continuing violation shall constitute a separate violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be as-sessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s des-ignee, by written notice. In determining the amount of such penalty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, ex-tent, and gravity of the prohibited acts com-mitted and, with respect to the violator, the de-gree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as justice may require. ‘‘(2) C
OMPROMISE , MODIFICATION , OR REMIS -
SION.—The Secretary may compromise, modify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty that is subject to imposition or that has been imposed under this section. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO PAY PENALTY .—If any person fails to pay an assessment of a civil penalty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney General of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(1) C
LASS D FELONY .—Any person who will-fully and knowingly violates subchapters A through C or this subchapter or any regulation issued thereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(2) C
LASS C FELONY .—Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or of any regulation issued thereunder, uses a dan-gerous weapon, or engages in conduct that causes bodily injury or fear of imminent bodily injury to any officer authorized to enforce the provisions of such a subchapter or the regula-tions issued under such subchapter, commits a class C felony. ‘‘(c) I
NREMLIABILITY .—Any vessel that is used in violation of subchapters A, B, or C or this subchapter, or any regulations issued under such subchapter, shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsection (a) and may be proceeded against in the United States district court for any district in which such vessel may be found. ‘‘(d) I
NJUNCTION .—The United States district courts shall have jurisdiction to restrain viola-tions of subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or of regulations issued under such subchapter, for cause shown. ‘‘(e) D
ENIAL OF ENTRY.—Except as provided in section 70021, the Secretary may, subject to rec-ognized principles of international law, deny entry by any vessel that is not in compliance with subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter— ‘‘(1) into the navigable waters of the United States; or ‘‘(2) to any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States. ‘‘(f) W
ITHHOLDING OF CLEARANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any owner, operator, or individual in charge of a vessel is liable for a penalty or fine under this section, or if reason-able cause exists to believe that the owner, oper-ator, or individual in charge may be subject to a penalty or fine under this section, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, upon the request of the Secretary, shall with respect to such vessel refuse or revoke any clearance required by sec-tion 60105 of title 46. ‘‘(2) G
RANTING CLEARANCE REFUSED OR RE -
VOKED .—Clearance refused or revoked under this subsection may be granted upon filing of a bond or other surety satisfactory to the Sec-retary.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such subtitle is amended by in-serting before the item relating to chapter 701 the following: ‘‘700. Ports and Waterways Safety ......70001.’’. 
SEC. 402. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CHARTS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISION .—Section 4A of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223a)— (A) is redesignated as section 3105 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 3104 of that title; and (B) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Except pursuant to an international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, this section shall not apply to any for-eign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the territorial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an inter-national strait.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3105. Electronic charts.’’. (b) P
ORT, HARBOR , ANDCOASTAL FACILITY SE-
CURITY .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of sec-tion 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to section 70116 of that title. (2) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN -
FORCEMENT .—Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 70116 and inserting the following: ‘‘70116. Port, harbor, and coastal facility secu-rity.’’. (c) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS.—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of sub-section (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of section 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and trans-ferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘this chapter’’. (d) R
EPEAL .—Section 2307 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that sec-tion in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 23 of that title, are repealed. (e) R
EPEAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221–1231, 1232–1232b), as amend-ed by this Act, is repealed. 
SEC. 403. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
OURCE PROVISION .—The term ‘‘source pro-vision’’ means a provision of law that is re-placed by a title 46 provision under this title. (2) T
ITLE 46 PROVISION .—The term ‘‘title 46 provision’’ means a provision of title 46, United States Code, that is enacted by section 402. (b) C
UTOFF DATE.—The title 46 provisions re-place certain provisions of law enacted before the date of the enactment of this Act. If a law enacted after that date amends or repeals a source provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding title 46 provision. If a law enacted after that date is otherwise inconsistent with a title 46 pro-vision or a provision of this title, that law su-persedes the title 46 provision or provision of this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (c) ORIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN-
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes another based on enactment later in time, a title 46 provision is deemed to have been enacted on the date of enactment of the source provision that the title 46 provision replaces. (d) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 46 P ROVISIONS .—A reference to a title 46 provision, including a ref-erence in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding source pro-vision. (e) R
EFERENCES TO SOURCE PROVISIONS .—A reference to a source provision, including a ref-erence in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding title 46 pro-vision. (f) R
EGULATIONS , ORDERS , ANDOTHER ADMIN-
ISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a source provision continues in effect under the corresponding title 46 provision. (g) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM-
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a source provision is deemed to have been taken or committed under the cor-responding title 46 provision. 
SEC. 404. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to transfer provisions of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act to title 46, United States Code, and may not be con-strued to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act. 
SEC. 405. ADVISORY COMMITTEE: REPEAL. 
Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is repealed. 
SEC. 406. REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES ‘‘§ 70041. Regattas and marine parades ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may issue regulations to promote the safety of life on navigable waters during re-gattas or marine parades. ‘‘(b) D
ETAIL AND USE OF VESSELS .—To enforce regulations issued under this section— ‘‘(1) the Commandant may detail any public vessel in the service of the Coast Guard and make use of any private vessel tendered gratu-itously for that purpose; and ‘‘(2) upon the request of the Commandant, the head of any other Federal department or agency may enforce the regulations by means of any public vessel of such department and any pri-vate vessel tendered gratuitously for that pur-pose. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF AUTHORITY .—The authority of the Commandant under this section may be transferred by the President for any special oc-casion to the head of another Federal depart-ment or agency whenever in the President’s judgment such transfer is desirable. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any violation of regu-lations issued pursuant to this section the fol-lowing penalties shall be incurred: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9623 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) A licensed officer shall be liable to sus-pension or revocation of license in the manner prescribed by law for incompetency or mis-conduct. ‘‘(B) Any person in charge of the navigation of a vessel other than a licensed officer shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000. ‘‘(C) The owner of a vessel (including any cor-porate officer of a corporation owning the ves-sel) actually on board shall be liable to a pen-alty of $5,000, unless the violation of regulations occurred without the owner’s knowledge. ‘‘(D) Any other person shall be liable to a pen-alty of $2,500. ‘‘(2) M
ITIGATION OR REMISSION .—The Com-mandant may mitigate or remit any penalty pro-vided for in this subsection in the manner pre-scribed by law for the mitigation or remission of penalties for violation of the navigation laws.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as es-tablished by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E —REGATTAS AND MARINE  
PARADES  ‘‘70041. Regattas and marine parades.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—The Act of April 28, 1908 (35 Stat. 69, chapter 151; 33 U.S.C. 1233 et seq.), is repealed. 
SEC. 407. REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRI-TORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBCHAPTER F.—Chap- ter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as estab-lished by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—REGULATION OF VES-SELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70054. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ includes all territory and waters, continental or insular, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) T
ERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term ‘terri-torial waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation 5928 of December 27, 1988.’’. (b) R
EGULATION OF ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-
MENT OF VESSELS DURING NATIONAL EMER-
GENCY .—Section 1 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘by proclamation’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘§ 70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency ‘‘Whenever the President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘of the Treasury’’; (3) by striking ‘‘of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (5) by transferring the section so that the sec-tion appears before section 70054 of title 46, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section). (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF VESSEL ; FINE 
ANDIMPRISONMENT .—Section 2 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘agent,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If any owner,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this title’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the sec-tion appears after section 70051 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by subsection (b) of this section). (d) ENFORCEMENT PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 194), is amended— (1) by striking all before ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70053. Enforcement provisions ‘‘The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the purpose of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the sec-tion appears after section 70052 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by subsection (c) of this section). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as es-tablished by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER F —REGULATION OF VESSELS IN  
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘70051. Regulation of anchorage and movement of vessels during national emer-gency. ‘‘70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘70053. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘70054. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 408. PORT, HARBOR, AND COASTAL FACILITY SECURITY. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after section 70102 of that title. (b) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 70102 the following: ‘‘70102a. Port, harbor, and coastal facility secu-rity.’’. (d) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS.—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of sub-section (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of section 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and trans-ferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘this chapter’’. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
SEC. 501. CONSISTENCY IN MARINE INSPEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3305 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that Officers in Charge, Marine In-spections consistently interpret regulations and standards under this subtitle and chapter 700 to avoid disruption and undue expense to indus-try. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the event of a disagreement regarding the condition of a vessel or the interpretation of a regulation or standard referred to in subsection (a) between a local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection conducting an inspection of the vessel and the Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection that issued the most recent certificate of inspection for the vessel, such Officers shall seek to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(B) If a disagreement described in subpara-graph (A) involves vessel design or plan review, the Coast Guard marine safety center shall be included in all efforts to resolve such disagree-ment. ‘‘(C) If a disagreement described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) cannot be resolved, the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall sub-mit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the cognizant Coast Guard district com-mander, a request for a final agency determina-tion of the matter in disagreement. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— ‘‘(A) provide to each person affected by a de-cision or action by an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection or by the Coast Guard marine safety center all information necessary for such person to exercise any right to appeal such decision or action; and ‘‘(B) if such an appeal is filed, process such appeal under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’ means any person from the civilian or military branch of the Coast Guard who— ‘‘(A) is designated as such by the Com-mandant; and ‘‘(B) under the superintendence and direction of the cognizant Coast Guard district com-mander, is in charge of an inspection zone for the performance of duties with respect to the in-spections under, and enforcement and adminis-tration of, subtitle II, chapter 700, and regula-tions under such laws.’’. (b) REPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAIN-
ING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications required for assignment as a ma-rine inspector under section 312 of title 14, United States Code, including— (1) a description of any continuing education requirement, including a specific list of the re-quired courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the included courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman marine inspector to advance inspection expertise; (3) a description of any training that was of-fered in the 15-year period before the date of the enactment of this Act, but is no longer required or offered, including a specific list of the in-cluded courses, including the senior marine in-spector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course described in paragraph (3) is no longer required or of-fered; and (5) a list of the course content the Com-mandant considers necessary to promote consist-ency among marine inspectors in an environ-ment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. 
SEC. 502. UNINSPECTED PASSENGER VESSELS IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MINNESOTA. 
Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) In applying this title with respect to an uninspected vessel of less than 25 feet overall in length that carries passengers on Crane Lake or waters contiguous to such lake in St. Louis County, Minnesota, the Secretary shall sub-stitute ‘12 passengers’ for ‘6 passengers’ each place it appears in section 2101(51).’’. 
SEC. 503. ENGINE CUT-OFF SWITCH REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9624 November 27, 2018 
‘‘§ 4312. Engine cut-off switches ‘‘(a) I
NSTALLATION REQUIREMENT .—A manu- facturer, distributor, or dealer that installs pro-pulsion machinery and associated starting con-trols on a covered recreational vessel shall equip such vessel with an engine cut-off switch and engine cut-off switch link that meet American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) E
DUCATION ON CUT-OFFSWITCHES .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the National Boating Safety Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 15105, may initiate a boating safety program on the use and benefits of cut-off switches for recreational vessels. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF STANDARD FOR INSPEC -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commandant shall transmit American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard Office of Design and Engineering Standards; and ‘‘(D) the National Archives and Records Ad-ministration. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The standard submitted under paragraph (1) shall be kept on file and available for public inspection at such Coast Guard office and the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED RECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘covered recreational vessel’ means a rec-reational vessel that is— ‘‘(A) less than 26 feet overall in length; and ‘‘(B) capable of developing 115 pounds or more of static thrust. ‘‘(2) D
EALER .—The term ‘dealer’ means any person who is engaged in the sale and distribu-tion of recreational vessels or associated equip-ment to purchasers whom the seller in good faith believes to be purchasing any such vessel or associated equipment for purposes other than resale. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘distributor’ means any person engaged in the sale and dis-tribution of recreational vessels and associated equipment for the purposes of resale. ‘‘(4) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘equipment manufacturer’ means any person engaged in the manufacture, construction, or assembly of rec-reational vessels or associated equipment, or the importation of recreational vessels into the United States for subsequent sale. ‘‘(5) P
ROPULSION MACHINERY .—The term ‘pro-pulsion machinery’ means a self-contained pro-pulsion system, and includes, but is not limited to, inboard engines, outboard motors, and sterndrive engines. ‘‘(6) S
TATIC THRUST .—The term ‘static thrust’ means the forward or backwards thrust devel-oped by propulsion machinery while sta-tionary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4312. Engine cut-off switches.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 504. EXCEPTION FROM SURVIVAL CRAFT RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a sur-vival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (3), a survival craft’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equipment re-quirement under paragraph (2)(B) if such craft is— ‘‘(A) necessary for normal fishing operations; ‘‘(B) readily accessible during an emergency; and ‘‘(C) capable, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable, of safe-ly holding all individuals on board the vessel to which the craft functions as an auxiliary.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘auxiliary craft’ means a vessel that is carried onboard a fishing vessel and is normally used to support fishing operations.’’. SEC. 505. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel de-scribed in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) if requested by the owner or oper-ator; and ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 506. FISHING SAFETY GRANTS. 
Section 4502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsections (i) and (j), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services’’; (2) in subsection (i)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (4) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; (5) in subsection (j)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard,’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (6) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (7) in subsection (j)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 507. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) N ONAPPLICATION .—Section 4503(c)(2)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘79’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. (b) D
ETERMINING WHENKEELISLAID.—Sec- tion 4503(f) of title 46, United States Code, as re-designated by section 508 of this Act, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of this section and section 4503a, the term ‘built’ means, with respect to a vessel, that the vessel’s construction has reached any of the following stages: ‘‘(A) The vessel’s keel is laid. ‘‘(B) Construction identifiable with the vessel has begun and assembly of that vessel has com-menced comprising of at least 50 metric tons or one percent of the estimated mass of all struc-tural material, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) In the case of a vessel greater than 79 feet overall in length, for purposes of paragraph (1)(A) a keel is deemed to be laid when a marine surveyor affirms that a structure adequate for serving as a keel for such vessel is in place and identified for use in the construction of such vessel.’’. 
SEC. 508. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is redesignated as section 4503a and transferred to appear after section 4503 of such title. (b) FISHING , FISHTENDER , AND FISHPROC-
ESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respectively; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503a’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (6) in subsection (e)(2), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (c) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by sub-section (a) of this section, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (a), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘§ 4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram’’; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary pre-scribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program, if’’; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by re-designating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; (5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establishes standards for an alternate safety compliance program, shall comply with such an alternative safety compliance program that is developed in cooperation with the com-mercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribes an alter-nate safety compliance program under sub-section (a), shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program’’; (6) by amending subsection (c), as so redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) For purposes of subsection (a), a separate alternate safety compliance program may be de-veloped for a specific region or specific fish-ery.’’; (7) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that subsection’’; (8) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by— (A) inserting ‘‘is not eligible to participate in an alternative safety compliance program pre-scribed under subsection (a) and’’ after ‘‘July 1, 2012’’; and (B) redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 4503(f).’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 45 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4503 the following ‘‘4503a. Alternate safety compliance program.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 4503(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503(d)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9625 November 27, 2018 
(f) F INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the requirements enumerated in section 4503(d) of title 46, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (g) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM  S
TATUS REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the status of the development of the alternate safety compliance program directed by section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by sub-section (c). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include discussion of— (A) steps taken in the rulemaking process to establish the alternate safety compliance pro-gram; (B) communication and collaboration between the Coast Guard, the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the commercial fishing vessel industry regarding the develop-ment of the alternate safety compliance pro-gram; (C) consideration given to developing alter-nate safety compliance programs for specific re-gions and fisheries, as authorized in section 4503a(c) of such title, as redesignated by sub-section (c); (D) any identified legislative changes nec-essary to implement an effective alternate safety compliance program; and (E) the timeline and planned actions that will be taken to implement regulations necessary to fully establish an alternate safety compliance program before January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 509. TERMINATION OF UNSAFE OPERATIONS; TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 4505(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘4503(a)(2)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that this paragraph shall not apply with respect to a vessel to which section 4503a applies’’. 
SEC. 510. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS: LICENSES, CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘merchant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘license,’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘merchant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry,’’; (3) in section 7507(b)(1), by striking ‘‘licenses or certificates of registry’’ and inserting ‘‘mer-chant mariner documents’’; and (4) in section 7507(b)(2) by striking ‘‘merchant mariner’s document.’’ and inserting ‘‘license or certificate of registry.’’. 
SEC. 511. CLARIFICATION OF LOGBOOK ENTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an official logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a logbook, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness of, and injury to, a seaman of the vessel, the nature of the illness or injury, and the medical treatment provided for the in-jury or illness.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 11304(b) is amended by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘logbook’’. 
SEC. 512. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Section 12105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) EFFECTIVE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), a certificate of documenta-tion issued under this part is valid for a 1-year period and may be renewed for additional 1- year periods. ‘‘(2) R
ECREATIONAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A certificate of documenta-tion for a recreational vessel and the renewal of such a certificate shall be effective for a 5-year period. ‘‘(B) P
HASE-IN PERIOD .—During the period be-ginning January 1, 2019, and ending December 31, 2021, the owner or operator of a recreational vessel may choose a period of effectiveness of be-tween 1 and 5 years for such a certificate of doc-umentation for such vessel or the renewal there-of. ‘‘(C) F
EES.— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall as-sess and collect a fee— ‘‘(I) for the issuance of a certificate of docu-mentation for a recreational vessel that is equiv-alent to the fee established for the issuance of a certificate of documentation under section 2110; and ‘‘(II) for the renewal of a certificate of docu-mentation for a recreational vessel that is equiv-alent to the number of years of effectiveness of the certificate of documentation multiplied by the fee established for the renewal of a certifi-cate of documentation under section 2110. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(I) shall be credited to the account from which the costs of such issuance or renewal were paid; and ‘‘(II) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The owner of a vessel shall notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation for the vessel is based that occurs before the expiration of the certificate under this subsection, by not later than 30 days after such change. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF CERTIFICATE .—The cer- tificate of documentation for a vessel shall ter-minate upon the expiration of such 30-day pe-riod if the owner has not notified the Coast Guard of such change before the end of such pe-riod. ‘‘(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITY TO REMOVE  
ABANDONED AND DERELICT VESSELS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the au-thority of a State or local authority from taking action to remove an abandoned or derelict ves-sel.’’. 
SEC. 513. NUMBERING FOR UNDOCUMENTED BARGES. 
Section 12301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘barge’’. 
SEC. 514. BACKUP NATIONAL TIMING SYSTEM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 30 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 312. Alternative timing system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall provide for the establishment, sustainment, and operation of a land-based, re-silient, and reliable alternative timing system— ‘‘(1) to reduce critical dependencies and pro-vide a complement to and backup for the timing component of the Global Positioning System (re-ferred to in this section as ‘GPS’); and ‘‘(2) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and non-degraded timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS timing signals are corrupted, degraded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Tim-ing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall establish require-ments for the procurement of the system re-quired by subsection (a) as a complement to and backup for the timing component of GPS in ac-cordance with the timing requirements study re-quired by section 1618 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2595). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the system established under subsection (a) will— ‘‘(A) be wireless; ‘‘(B) be terrestrial; ‘‘(C) provide wide-area coverage; ‘‘(D) be synchronized with coordinated uni-versal time; ‘‘(E) be resilient and extremely difficult to dis-rupt or degrade; ‘‘(F) be able to penetrate underground and in-side buildings; ‘‘(G) be capable of deployment to remote loca-tions; ‘‘(H) be developed, constructed, and operated incorporating applicable private sector expertise; ‘‘(I) work in concert with and complement any other similar positioning, navigation, and tim-ing systems, including enhanced long-range navigation systems and Nationwide Differential GPS systems; ‘‘(J) be available for use by Federal and non- Federal government agencies for public purposes at no net cost to the Federal Government within 10 years of initiation of operation; ‘‘(K) be capable of adaptation and expansion to provide position and navigation capabilities; ‘‘(L) incorporate the recommendations from any GPS back-up demonstration program initi-ated and completed by the Secretary, in coordi-nation with other Federal agencies, before the date specified in subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(M) incorporate such other elements as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) P
LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Tim-ing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report setting forth the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A plan to develop, construct, and operate the system required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) A description and assessment of the ad-vantages of a system to provide a follow-on com-plementary and backup positioning and naviga-tion capability to the timing component of GPS. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF OPER -
ATION .—The system required by subsection (a) shall be in operation by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the National Tim-ing Resilience and Security Act of 2018. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM DURATION OF OPERATIONAL CA -
PABILITY .—The system required by subsection (a) shall be designed to be fully operational for not less than 20 years. ‘‘(d) LORAN F
ACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Trans-portation determines that any LORAN infra-structure, including the underlying real prop-erty and any spectrum associated with LORAN, in the possession of the Coast Guard is required by the Department of Transportation for the purpose of establishing the system required by subsection (a), the Commandant shall transfer such property, spectrum, and equipment to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) CERCLA 
NOT AFFECTED .—This subsection shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9626 November 27, 2018 
9620(h)) with respect to the Federal Government facilities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation may enter into a cooperative agreement (as that term is described in section 6305 of title 31) with an entity upon such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary of Transportation deter-mines will fulfill the purpose and requirements of this section and be in the public interest. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agree-ment under paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, require the Secretary of Transportation to— ‘‘(A) authorize the entity to sell timing and other services to commercial and non-commer-cial third parties, subject to any national secu-rity requirements determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(B) require the entity to develop, construct, and operate at private expense the backup tim-ing system in accordance with this section; ‘‘(C) allow the entity to make any investments in technologies necessary over the life of such agreement to meet future requirements for ad-vanced timing resilience and technologies; ‘‘(D) require the entity to share 25 percent of the gross proceeds received by the entity from the sale of timing services to third parties with the Secretary for at least 10 years after the date upon which the Secretary enters into the coop-erative agreement; ‘‘(E) require the entity— ‘‘(i) to assume all financial risk for the com-pletion and operational capability of the system, after the Secretary provides any LORAN facili-ties necessary for the system under subsection (d), if required for the alternative timing system; and ‘‘(ii) to furnish performance and payment bonds in connection with the system in a rea-sonable amount as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(F) require the entity to make any invest-ments in technologies necessary over the life of the agreement to meet future requirements for advanced timing resiliency. ‘‘(3) C
OMPETITION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall use competitive procedures similar to those authorized under section 2667 of title 10 in se-lecting an entity to enter into a cooperative agreement pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION TO PURCHASE SERVICES .— The Secretary may not purchase timing system services from the entity for use by the Depart-ment of Transportation or for provision to other Federal and non-Federal governmental agencies until the system achieves operational status, and then only if the necessary funds for such purchases are provided for in subsequent yearly appropriations acts made available to the Sec-retary for each and every year in which such purchases are made. ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not enter into a cooperative agree-ment under this subsection unless the Secretary determines that the cooperative agreement is in the best financial interest of the Federal Gov-ernment. The Secretary shall notify the Com-mittee on Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives of such determination not later than 30 days after the date of the de-termination. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection the term ‘entity’ means a non-Federal entity with the demonstrated technical expertise and requisite administrative and financial resources to meet any terms and conditions established by the Sec-retary for purposes of this subsection.’’. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘312. Alternative timing system.’’. 
SEC. 515. SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL. 
Section 2101(41) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to subparagraph (B),’’ before the text; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Such term includes an individual who is on board an oceanographic research vessel only to— ‘‘(I) engage in scientific research; ‘‘(II) instruct in oceanography or limnology; or ‘‘(III) receive instruction in oceanography or limnology. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the age of an individual may not be considered in determining whether the individual is described in such clause.’’. SEC. 516. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall publish any letter of deter-mination issued by the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center after the date of the enactment of this Act on the National Vessel Documentation Center website not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such letter of determination. (b) A
UDIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit, the re-sults of which shall be made publicly available, of— (A) the method or process by which the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center develops policy for and documents compliance with the requirements of section 67.97 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, for the purpose of issuing endorsements under section 12112 and 12113 of title 46, United States Code; (B) the coordination between the Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the enforcement of such requirements; and (C) the extent to which the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating and the Secretary of Transportation, through the Maritime Administration, have pub-lished and disseminated information to promote compliance with applicable vessel construction requirements. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the audit under paragraph (1) is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the results of and recommendations made pursu-ant to such audit. (c) O
UTLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the Comptroller General of the United States report required under subsection (b), the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives an outline of plans— (1) to enhance the transparency of the docu-mentation process, and communications with the maritime industry regarding such process over the next 5 years; and (2) to implement the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (b)(2). TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES 
SEC. 601. NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART K—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANS-PORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘CHAPTER 151—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMIT-TEES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘15101. National Chemical Transportation Safe-ty Advisory Committee. ‘‘15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Ad-visory Committee. ‘‘15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘15109. Administration. ‘‘§ 15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Chemical Transportation Safety Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine transportation of hazardous ma-terials. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the following: ‘‘(A) Chemical manufacturing entities. ‘‘(B) Entities related to marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(C) Vessel design and construction entities. ‘‘(D) Marine safety or security entities. ‘‘(E) Marine environmental protection enti-ties. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in para-graph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in paragraph (3). ‘‘§ 15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) advise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies, including the matters of— ‘‘(A) navigation safety; ‘‘(B) safety equipment and procedures; ‘‘(C) marine insurance; ‘‘(D) vessel design, construction, maintenance, and operation; and ‘‘(E) personnel qualifications and training; and ‘‘(2) review regulations proposed under chap-ter 45 of this title (during preparation of the reg-ulations). ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Secretary in ac-cordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 10 members shall represent the commer-cial fishing industry and— ‘‘(i) as a group, shall together reflect a re-gional and representational balance; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9627 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) as individuals, shall each have experi-ence— ‘‘(I) in the operation of vessels to which chap-ter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(II) as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent naval architects and marine engineers. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent manufacturers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent education and training professionals related to fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, and fish tender vessel safety and personnel qualifications. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent owners of ves-sels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(G) 3 members shall represent the general public and, to the extent possible, shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(ii) a marine surveyor who provides services to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies; and ‘‘(iii) a person familiar with issues affecting fishing communities and the families of fisher-men. ‘‘§ 15103. National Merchant Marine Per-sonnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to personnel in the United States merchant marine, including the training, qualifications, certification, docu-mentation, and fitness of mariners. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members appointed by the Secretary in ac-cordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members shall represent mariners and, of the 9— ‘‘(i) each shall— ‘‘(I) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) hold an active license or certificate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a mer-chant mariner document issued under chapter 73 of this title; ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be deck officers who represent merchant marine deck officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; ‘‘(III) 2 shall have a master’s license or a mas-ter of towing vessels license; ‘‘(IV) 1 shall have significant tanker experi-ence; and ‘‘(V) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iii) 3 shall be engineering officers who rep-resent merchant marine engineering officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(III) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iv) 2 shall be unlicensed seamen who rep-resent merchant marine unlicensed seaman and, of the 2— ‘‘(I) 1 shall represent able-bodied seamen; and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(v) 1 shall be a pilot who represents mer-chant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members shall represent marine edu-cators and, of the 6— ‘‘(i) 3 shall be marine educators who represent maritime academies and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall represent State maritime acad-emies (and are jointly recommended by such academies); and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent either State maritime academies or the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy; and ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent other maritime training institutions and, of the 3, 1 shall represent the small vessel indus-try. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent shipping com-panies employed in ship operation management. ‘‘(D) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations for the issuance of licenses, certification of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents with respect to merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commer-cial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members appointed by the Secretary in ac-cordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 shall represent health-care profes-sionals and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience regarding the medical ex-aminations of merchant mariners or occupa-tional medicine. ‘‘(B) 5 shall represent professional mariners and have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in occupational requirements for mariners. ‘‘§ 15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to national boating safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 21 members appointed by the Secretary in ac-cordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent State officials responsible for State boating safety programs. ‘‘(B) 7 members shall represent recreational vessel and associated equipment manufacturers. ‘‘(C) 7 members shall represent the general public or national recreational boating organi-zations and, of the 7, at least 5 shall represent national recreational boating organizations. ‘‘§ 15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to activities di-rectly involved with, or in support of, the explo-ration of offshore mineral and energy resources, to the extent that such matters are within the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members appointed by the Secretary in ac-cordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(B) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the support, by offshore supply vessels or other vessels, of offshore mineral and oil op-erations, including geophysical services. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in the construction of offshore exploration and recovery facilities. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in diving services related to offshore construc-tion, inspection, and maintenance. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in safety and training services related to off-shore exploration and construction. ‘‘(G) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in pipelaying services related to offshore con-struction. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent individuals employed in offshore operations and, of the 2, 1 shall have recent practical experience on a ves-sel or offshore unit involved in the offshore min-eral and energy industry. ‘‘(I) 1 member shall represent national envi-ronmental entities. ‘‘(J) 1 member shall represent deepwater ports. ‘‘(K) 1 member shall represent the general public (but not a specific environmental group). ‘‘§ 15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, International Rules of the Road, navigation regulations and equipment, routing measures, marine information, and aids to navigation systems. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 21 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the following: ‘‘(A) Commercial vessel owners or operators. ‘‘(B) Professional mariners. ‘‘(C) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(D) The recreational boating industry. ‘‘(E) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(F) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in para-graph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9628 November 27, 2018 
provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in paragraph (3). ‘‘§ 15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Towing Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to shallow- draft inland navigation, coastal waterway navi-gation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Secretary in ac-cordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geo-graphic balance. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent masters and pi-lots of towing vessels who hold active licenses and have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent masters of tow-ing vessels in offshore service who hold active li-censes. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent masters of ac-tive ship-docking or harbor towing vessels. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent licensed and unlicensed towing vessel engineers with formal training and experience. ‘‘(G) 2 members shall represent port districts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent shippers and, of the 2, 1 shall be engaged in the shipment of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(I) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15109. Administration ‘‘(a) M
EETINGS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall, at least once each year, meet at the call of the Secretary or a ma-jority of the members of the committee. ‘‘(b) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of a com-mittee established under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment by reason of service on such committee, except for the purposes of the following: ‘‘(1) Chapter 81 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Fed-eral law relating to tort liability. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee established under this chapter, when actually engaged in the performance of the duties of such committee, may— ‘‘(1) receive compensation at a rate established by the Secretary, not to exceed the maximum daily rate payable under section 5376 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) if not compensated in accordance with paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) be reimbursed for actual and reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of such duties; or ‘‘(B) be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by sec-tion 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(d) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERVICES .— A member of a committee established under this chapter may serve on such committee on a vol-untary basis without pay without regard to sec-tion 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), with respect to a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter whom the Secretary appoints to represent an entity or group— ‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and ‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to employee conduct, po-litical activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a member of a committee established under this chapter shall be treated as a special Gov-ernment employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary appointed the member to represent the general public; or ‘‘(B) the member, without regard to service on the committee, is a special Government em-ployee. ‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) S
OLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS .—Before appointing an individual as a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a timely notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on such committee. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After considering nomina-tions received pursuant to a notice published under paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as nec-essary, appoint a member to the applicable com-mittee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to any committee es-tablished under this chapter. ‘‘(3) S
ERVICE AT PLEASURE OF THE SEC -
RETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of a com-mittee established under this chapter shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), a member of the committee estab-lished under section 15102 may only be removed prior to the end of the term of that member for just cause. ‘‘(4) S
ECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .— The Secretary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background ex-amination before appointment to a committee es-tablished under this chapter. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), a Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NATIONAL MERCHANT  
MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Secretary may appoint a Federal employee to serve as a member of the National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee to rep-resent the interests of the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy and, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), may do so without solic-iting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(6) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each member of a committee established under this chapter shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM .—When the term of a member of a committee established under this chapter ends, the member, for a pe-riod not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed. ‘‘(7) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on a committee established under this chapter shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary may reappoint a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter for any term, other than the first term of the member, without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(g) S
TAFF SERVICES .—The Secretary shall furnish to each committee established under this chapter any staff and services considered by the Secretary to be necessary for the conduct of the committee’s functions. ‘‘(h) CHAIRMAN ; VICECHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee established under this chapter shall elect a Chairman and Vice Chairman from among the committee’s members. ‘‘(2) V
ICE CHAIRMAN ACTING AS CHAIRMAN .— The Vice Chairman shall act as Chairman in the absence or incapacity of, or in the event of a va-cancy in the office of, the Chairman. ‘‘(i) S
UBCOMMITTEES AND WORKING GROUPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of a com-mittee established under this chapter may estab-lish and disestablish subcommittees and working groups for any purpose consistent with the function of the committee. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Subject to conditions im-posed by the Chairman, members of a committee established under this chapter and additional persons drawn from entities or groups des-ignated by this chapter to be represented on the committee or the general public may be assigned to subcommittees and working groups estab-lished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—Only committee members may chair subcommittees and working groups estab-lished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION , ADVICE , REPORTS , AND R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before taking any signifi-cant action, the Secretary shall consult with, and consider the information, advice, and rec-ommendations of, a committee established under this chapter if the function of the committee is to advise the Secretary on matters related to the significant action. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—For purposes of this para-graph, regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title are significant actions. ‘‘(2) A
DVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall submit, in writing, to the Sec-retary its advice, reports, and recommendations, in a form and at a frequency determined appro-priate by the committee. ‘‘(3) E
XPLANATION OF ACTIONS TAKEN .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives recommendations from a com-mittee under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish the recommendations on a website accessible at no charge to the public; ‘‘(B) if the recommendations are from the com-mittee established under section 15102, establish a mechanism for the submission of public com-ments on the recommendations; and ‘‘(C) respond, in writing, to the committee re-garding the recommendations, including by pro-viding an explanation of actions taken regard-ing the recommendations. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the advice, re-ports, and recommendations received from com-mittees under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSION .—With respect to a committee established under section 70112 and to which this section applies, the Secretary shall submit the advice, reports, and rec-ommendations received from the committee under paragraph (2) to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives in addition to the committees specified in subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(k) O
BSERVERS .—Any Federal agency with matters under such agency’s administrative ju-risdiction related to the function of a committee established under this chapter may designate a representative to— ‘‘(1) attend any meeting of such committee; and ‘‘(2) participate as an observer at meetings of such committee that relate to such a matter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9629 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(l) T ERMINATION .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 147 the following: ‘‘Part K–National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees ‘‘151. National Maritime Transpor-tation Advisory Committees..........15101’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
OMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 4508 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that sec-tion in the analysis for chapter 45 of that title, are repealed. (2) M
ERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that sec-tion in the analysis for chapter 71 of that title, are repealed. (3) M
ERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that sec-tion in the analysis for chapter 81 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7510(c)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Mer-chant Marine’’. (4) N
ATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY COUN -
CIL.— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that sec-tion in the analysis for chapter 131 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Council established under section 13110 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee established under section 15105 of this title’’. (ii) R
EPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTS .— Section 4310(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Advisory Council’’ and inserting ‘‘Advisory Committee’’. (5) N
AVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (6) T
OWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Public Law 96–380 (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EDUCTION OF OIL SPILLS FROM SINGLE  
HULL NON -SELF-PROPELLED TANK VESSELS .—Sec- tion 3719 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Tow-ing Safety’’. (ii) S
AFETY EQUIPMENT .—Section 4102(f)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COUNCILS AND  C
OMMITTEES .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law— (1) an advisory council or committee substan-tially similar to an advisory committee estab-lished under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, including a council or committee the authority for which was re-pealed under subsection (c), may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the council or committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the applicable ad-visory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory council or committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, including the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such council or committee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such council or committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such council or committee from meeting. SEC. 602. MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY COM-MITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 70112. Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees ‘‘(a) N
ATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Com-mittee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to national maritime security, including on enhancing the sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks that may cause a transportation security incident, between relevant Federal agencies and— ‘‘(A) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(B) relevant public safety and emergency re-sponse agencies; ‘‘(C) relevant law enforcement and security organizations; ‘‘(D) maritime industry; ‘‘(E) port owners and operators; and ‘‘(F) terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall con-sist of at least 8 members, but not more than 21 members, appointed by the Secretary in accord-ance with this subsection and section 15109 of this title. ‘‘(B) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(C) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each of the following shall be represented by at least 1 member of the Committee: ‘‘(i) Port authorities. ‘‘(ii) Facilities owners and operators. ‘‘(iii) Terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(iv) Vessel owners and operators. ‘‘(v) Maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) The academic community. ‘‘(vii) State and local governments. ‘‘(viii) The maritime industry. ‘‘(D) D
ISTRIBUTION .—If the Committee consists of at least 8 members who, together, satisfy the minimum representation requirements of sub-paragraph (C), the Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of additional members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in that subpara-graph. Neither this subparagraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of sec-tion 15109 of this title, the Committee shall be treated as a committee established under chap-ter 151 of such title. ‘‘(b) A
REA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(i) establish an Area Maritime Security Advi-sory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) request such a committee to review the proposed Area Maritime Transportation Secu-rity Plan developed under section 70103(b) and make recommendations to the Secretary that the committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS AND MEETINGS .— A committee established under this subsection for an area— ‘‘(i) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on mat-ters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(ii) may make available to the Congress rec-ommendations that the committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary, who shall call such a meet-ing at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(II) a majority of the committee. ‘‘(2) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee established under this subsection shall consist of at least 7 members appointed by the Secretary, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime security operations. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of a committee established under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Before appointing an indi-vidual to a position on a committee established under this subsection, the Secretary shall pub-lish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the committee. ‘‘(D) B
ACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec- retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examina-tion before appointment to a committee estab-lished under this subsection. ‘‘(E) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each committee es-tablished under this subsection shall be com-posed of individuals who represent the interests of the port industry, terminal operators, port labor organizations, and other users of the port areas. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee established under this subsection shall elect 1 of the commit-tee’s members as the Chairperson and 1 of the committee’s members as the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON ACTING AS CHAIR -
PERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or incapacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(4) O
BSERVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, and the head of any other interested Federal agency may, designate a representative to participate as an observer with a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
OLE.—The Secretary’s designated rep-resentative to a committee established under this subsection shall act as the executive secretary of the committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS .—The Secretary shall consider the information, advice, and rec-ommendations of each committee established under this subsection in formulating policy re-garding matters affecting maritime security. ‘‘(6) C
OMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of a committee established under this subsection, when attend-ing meetings of the committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the committee, is en-titled to receive— ‘‘(i) compensation at a rate fixed by the Sec-retary, not exceeding the daily equivalent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS–15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(ii) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS .—A member of a committee estab-lished under this subsection shall not be consid-ered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any purpose based on the receipt of any payment under this paragraph. ‘‘(7) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to a com-mittee established under this subsection.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COMMITTEE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory committee substantially simi-lar to the National Maritime Security Advisory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9630 November 27, 2018 
Committee established under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this sec-tion, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the National Mar-itime Security Advisory Committee established under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall be treat-ed as satisfied by the substantially similar advi-sory committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, including the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such committee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in ef-fect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such com-mittee; or (iii) to bar the members of such committee from meeting. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Mari-time Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 702. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,012,310 for fiscal year 2018 and $28,544,543 for fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 703. REPORTING ON IMPACT OF ALLIANCES ON COMPETITION. 
Section 306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) an analysis of the impacts on competition for the purchase of certain covered services by alliances of ocean common carriers acting pur-suant to an agreement under this part between or among ocean common carriers, including a summary of actions, including corrective ac-tions, taken by the Commission to promote such competition.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERV-
ICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain covered services’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 40102.’’. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES. 
Section 40102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (25) as paragraphs (6) through (26), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COVERED SERVICES .—For pur- poses of sections 41105 and 41307, the term ‘cer-tain covered services’ means, with respect to a vessel— ‘‘(A) the berthing or bunkering of the vessel; ‘‘(B) the loading or unloading of cargo to or from the vessel to or from a point on a wharf or terminal; ‘‘(C) the positioning, removal, or replacement of buoys related to the movement of the vessel; and ‘‘(D) with respect to injunctive relief under section 41307, towing vessel services provided to such a vessel.’’. 
SEC. 705. REPORTS FILED WITH THE COMMIS-SION. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Com-mission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trust-ee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common car-rier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a periodical or special report, an ac-count, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal oper-ator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum required to be filed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) limit the scope of any filing ordered under this section to fulfill the objective of the order; and ‘‘(B) provide a reasonable period of time for respondents to respond based upon their capa-bilities and the scope of the order.’’. 
SEC. 706. PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) N
OTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Fed-eral Register for publication; and ‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit rel-evant information and documents.’’. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCU-
MENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Commis-sion from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or documents the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the sub-mission of relevant information and documents in response to a request under section 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commission to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 707. OCEAN TRANSPORTATION INTER-MEDIARIES. 
(a) L ICENSE REQUIREMENT .—Section 40901(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 40901 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) and sec-tion 40902 do not apply to a person that per-forms ocean transportation intermediary serv-ices on behalf of an ocean transportation inter-mediary for which it is a disclosed agent.’’. (c) F
INANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 40902(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. 
SEC. 708. COMMON CARRIERS. 
(a) Section 41104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A com-mon carrier’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by amending paragraph (11) to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a non-vessel-operating common carrier that does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation inter-mediary that does not have a bond, insurance, or other surety as required by section 40902 of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) continue to participate simultaneously in a rate discussion agreement and an agree-ment to share vessels, in the same trade, if the interplay of the authorities exercised by the specified agreements is likely, by a reduction in competition, to produce an unreasonable reduc-tion in transportation service or an unreason-able increase in transportation cost.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, there is no private right of action to enforce the prohibition under subsection (a)(13). ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT VIOLATION .—Participants in an agreement found by the Commission to vio-late subsection (a)(13) shall have 90 days from the date of such Commission finding to with-draw from the agreement as necessary to comply with that subsection.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41104(a)(13) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 709. NEGOTIATIONS. 
(a) C ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (7) through (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a tug or towing vessel service provider on any matter relating to rates or services provided within the United States by those tugs or towing vessels; ‘‘(6) with respect to a vessel operated by an ocean common carrier within the United States, negotiate for the purchase of certain covered services, unless the negotiations and any result-ing agreements are not in violation of the anti-trust laws and are consistent with the purposes of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Chapter 411 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 41105 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 41105A. Authority ‘‘Nothing in section 41105, as amended by the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017, shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding antitrust matters.’’; and (2) in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 411, by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 41105 the following: ‘‘41105A. Authority.’’. (c) E
XEMPTION .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. 
SEC. 710. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF SOUGHT BY THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘or to sub-stantially lessen competition in the purchasing of certain covered services’’ after ‘‘transpor-tation cost’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OMPETITION FACTORS .—In making a de-termination under this subsection regarding whether an agreement is likely to substantially lessen competition in the purchasing of certain covered services, the Commission may consider any relevant competition factors in affected markets, including, without limitation, the com-petitive effect of agreements other than the agreement under review.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9631 November 27, 2018 
(b) A PPLICATION .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date be-fore, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 711. DISCUSSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meetings and the votes taken on any action, order, con-tract, or financial transaction of the Commis-sion. ‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commissioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other offi-cial agency action is taken at the meeting; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meeting is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commis-sion; ‘‘(C) at least 1 Commissioner from each polit-ical party is present at the meeting, if applica-ble; and ‘‘(D) the General Counsel of the Commission is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under para-graph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily accessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commis-sion properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—If the Commission properly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Com-mission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an ongo-ing proceeding before the Commission, the Com-mission shall make the disclosure under para-graph (2) on the date of the final Commission decision. ‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the ap-plicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commissioners other than that described in this subsection. ‘‘(6) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any information which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this subsection; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to withhold from any individual any record that is acces-sible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item relating to section 303 to read as follows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
SEC. 712. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward ad-dressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the proceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. (b) FORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory pro-ceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or ju-dicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. 
SEC. 713. STUDY OF BANKRUPTCY PREPARATION AND RESPONSE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that exam-ines the immediate aftermath of a major ocean carrier bankruptcy and its impact through the supply chain. The study shall consider any fi-nancial mechanisms that could be used to miti-gate the impact of any future bankruptcy events on the supply chain. (b) R
EPORT .—No later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing the find-ings, conclusions, and recommendations, if any, from the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 714. AGREEMENTS UNAFFECTED. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) to limit or amend the definition of ‘‘agree-ment’’ in section 40102(1) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to the exclusion of maritime labor agreements; or (2) to apply to a maritime labor agreement (as defined in section 40102(15) of that title). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Subsection (h) of section 888 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) is repealed. 
SEC. 802. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fishery endorsement’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. 
SEC. 803. OFFICER EVALUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieu-tenant junior grade evaluation reports to the same length as an ensign or place lieutenant junior grade evaluations on an annual sched-ule. (b) S
URVEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct sur-veys of— (1) outgoing promotion board members and as-signment officers to determine, at a minimum— (A) which sections of the officer evaluation re-port were most useful; (B) which sections of the officer evaluation re-port were least useful; (C) how to better reflect high performers; and (D) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report; and (2) at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6 to determine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s portion of the officer evaluation report. (c) REVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the completion of the surveys re-quired by subsection (b), the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and provide corresponding directions, taking into account the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Com-mandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsection (b); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance dimen-sions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer spe-cialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the of-ficer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to promotion boards, selection panels, and the assignment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibilities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer duties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative purposes. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the surveys under subsection (b). (2) F
ORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
SEC. 804. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the text preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b), and redesig-nating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
SEC. 805. COAST GUARD ROTC PROGRAM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other Armed Forces pro-grams. 
SEC. 806. CURRENCY DETECTION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement, in-cluding underway vessel boardings. (c) O
PERATION .—The Secretary may cooperate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the require-ments under subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9632 November 27, 2018 
SEC. 807. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL SEARCH AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall establish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Expertise’’) in accord-ance with section 313 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (b) L
OCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infrastruc-ture on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and high-traffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facilities and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chemistry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regarding fresh-water oil spill response technologies and the be-havior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assessment of major scientific or technological deficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill response equipment, technologies, and techniques to miti-gate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system structure; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response techniques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector re-sponse training centers to develop and stand-ardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. 
SEC. 808. PUBLIC SAFETY ANSWERING POINTS AND MARITIME SEARCH AND RES-CUE COORDINATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall review Coast Guard policies and procedures for public safety answering points and search-and-rescue coordination with State and local law enforce-ment entities in order to— (A) further minimize the possibility of mari-time 911 calls being improperly routed; and (B) assure the Coast Guard is able to effec-tively carry out the Coast Guard’s maritime search and rescue mission; and (2) the Commandant shall— (A) formulate a national maritime public safe-ty answering points policy; and (B) submit a report to the Congress on such assessment and policy, which shall include an update to the report submitted in accordance with section 233 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. 
SEC. 809. SHIP SHOAL LIGHTHOUSE TRANSFER: REPEAL. 
Effective January 1, 2021, section 27 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
SEC. 810. LAND EXCHANGE, AYAKULIK ISLAND, ALASKA. 
(a) L ANDEXCHANGE ; AYAKULIK ISLAND , ALAS-
KA.—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 90 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall de-velop and transmit to the Secretary proposed operational restrictions on commercial activity conducted on the Tract, including the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a pe-riod of up to 72 hours, of any activity occurring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate one or more of such restrictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appropriate relief, including a permanent or temporary in-junction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restrictions; (3) within 90 days after receiving the proposed operational restrictions from the Commandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the pro-posed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) BOUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revisions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Pub-lic Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) F
AILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NO-
TICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Sec-retary within 30 days after receiving the notice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after transmitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA N
OTAFFECTED .—This section and an exchange under this section shall not be construed to limit the application of or other-wise affect section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Commandant’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RACT.—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PRO-POSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EX-CHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated 3/22/17. 
SEC. 811. USE OF TRACT 43. 
Section 524(e)(2) of the Pribilof Island Transi-tion Completion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 120), as amended by section 3533 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016 (subtitle B of title XXXV of Public Law 114–328), is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘each month’’ and inserting ‘‘each April and October’’; and (2) striking ‘‘previous month’’ and inserting ‘‘previous six months’’. 
SEC. 812. COAST GUARD MARITIME DOMAIN AWARENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Academy shall prepare an as-sessment of available unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled maritime domain aware-ness technologies for use by the Coast Guard. (b) ASSESSMENT .—The assessment shall— (1) describe the potential limitations of current and emerging unmanned technologies used in the maritime domain for— (A) ocean observation; (B) vessel monitoring and identification; (C) weather observation; (D) to the extent practicable for consideration by the Academy, intelligence gathering, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance; and (E) communications; (2) examine how technologies described in paragraph (1) can help prioritize Federal invest-ment by examining; (A) affordability, including acquisition, oper-ations, and maintenance; (B) reliability; (C) versatility; (D) efficiency; and (E) estimated service life and persistence of ef-fort; and (3) analyze whether the use of new and emerging maritime domain awareness tech-nologies can be used to— (A) carry out Coast Guard missions at lower costs; (B) expand the scope and range of Coast Guard maritime domain awareness; (C) allow the Coast Guard to more efficiently and effectively allocate Coast Guard vessels, air-craft, and personnel; and (D) identify adjustments that would be nec-essary in Coast Guard policies, procedures, and protocols to incorporate unmanned technologies to enhance efficiency. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit the assessment prepared under this section to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating costs pursuant to subsection (b), the National Academy of Sciences may utilize information from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard man-power requirements or other reports, assess-ments, or analyses for the acquisition of un-manned, autonomous, or remotely controlled technologies by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 813. MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall conduct a 1-year pilot program to deter-mine the impact of persistent use of different types of surveillance systems on illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and un-regulated fishing, in the Western Pacific region. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— (1) consider the use of light aircraft-based de-tection systems that can identify potential ille-gal activity from high altitudes and produce en-forcement-quality evidence at low altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring ille-gal maritime activities, including illegal, unre-ported, and unregulated fishing, and enhancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 814. REIMBURSEMENTS FOR NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accord-ance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reimburse a non-Federal enti-ty for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9633 November 27, 2018 
(1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a fed-erally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine trans-portation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all applicable Coast Guard aids-to-navigation standards and requirements; (4) the non-Federal entity agrees to transfer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard for operation and maintenance by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the non-Federal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional requirements as may be established by the Commandant. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under sub-section (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fiscal year, $5,000,000. (d) E
XPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion. (e) C
OVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out— (1) by a non-Federal entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that facilitates safe and efficient marine transportation on a Federal navigation project authorized by title I of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114); and (2) in an area that was affected by Hurricane Harvey. 
SEC. 815. TOWING SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FEES. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review and compare the costs to the Gov-ernment of— (A) towing vessel inspections performed by the Coast Guard; and (B) such inspections performed by a third party; and (2) based on such review and comparison, de-termine whether the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by the Coast Guard. (b) R
EVISION OF FEES.—If the Commandant determines under subsection (a) that the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by the Coast Guard, then the Commandant shall revise the fee assessed by the Coast Guard for such inspections as necessary to conform to the requirements under section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, that such fee be based on the cost to the Government of such inspections and accurately reflect such costs. 
SEC. 816. OIL SPILL DISBURSEMENTS AUDITING AND REPORT. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and an-nually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the fiscal year preceding the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of any amounts reim-bursed to the Fund in the preceding fiscal year that were recovered from a responsible party for an incident that resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more.’’. SEC. 817. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating, in consultation with interested Federal and non-Federal stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational fleet requirements to support its statu-tory missions established in the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the require-ments identified under paragraph (1). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at- sea operational fleet requirements referred to in subsection (a)(1) are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its oper-ational lifespan, and how the anticipated changes in the age and distribution of vessels in the fleet will impact the ability to meet at-sea operational requirements; (C) fleet operations and recommended im-provements to minimize costs and extend oper-ational vessel life spans; and (D) the number of Fast Response Cutters, Off-shore Patrol Cutters, and National Security Cutters needed to meet at-sea operational re-quirements as compared to planned acquisitions under the current programs of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently met, including the use of the Coast Guard’s current cutter fleet, agreements with partners, chartered vessels, and unmanned vehicle technology; and (B) whether existing and planned cutter pro-grams of record (including the Fast Response Cutter, Offshore Patrol Cutter, and National Se-curity Cutter) will enable the Coast Guard to meet at-sea operational requirements; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel ac-quisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the ex-tent to which the Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational requirements are met. (c) C
ONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and non-Federal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportuni-ties for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, in-cluding the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to finalizing the report, including the assessment and stra-tegic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (d) E
NSURING MARITIME COVERAGE .—In order to meet Coast Guard mission requirements for search and rescue, ports, waterways, and coast-al security, and maritime environmental re-sponse during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, in the locations that may lose assets. SEC. 818. NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTER. 
(a) S TANDARD METHOD FOR TRACKING .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may not cer-tify an eighth National Security Cutter as Ready for Operations before the date on which the Commandant provides to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate— (1) a notification of a new standard method for tracking operational employment of Coast Guard major cutters that does not include time during which such a cutter is away from its homeport for maintenance or repair; and (2) a report analyzing cost and performance for different approaches to achieving varied lev-els of operational employment using the stand-ard method required by paragraph (1) that, at a minimum— (A) compares over a 30-year period the aver-age annualized baseline cost and performances for a certified National Security Cutter that op-erated for 185 days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative measure of operational tempo— (i) against the cost of a 15 percent increase in days away from homeport or an equivalent al-ternative measure of operational tempo for a National Security Cutter; and (ii) against the cost of the acquisition and op-eration of an additional National Security Cut-ter; and (B) examines the optimal level of operational employment of National Security Cutters to bal-ance National Security Cutter cost and mission performance. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 221(b) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 1560) is repealed. (2) Section 204(c)(1) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 35) is repealed. 
SEC. 819. ACQUISITION PLAN FOR INLAND WA-TERWAY AND RIVER TENDERS AND BAY-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to replace or extend the life of the Coast Guard fleet of in-land waterway and river tenders, and the Bay- class icebreakers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the work required to extend the life of vessels described in subsection (a); (2) recommendations for which, if any, such vessels it is cost effective to undertake a ship-life extension or enhanced maintenance program; (3) an analysis of the aids to navigation pro-gram to determine if advances in navigation technology may reduce the needs for physical aids to navigation; (4) recommendations for changes to physical aids to navigation and the distribution of such aids that reduce the need for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in sub-section (a); (5) a schedule for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a), including the date on which the first vessel will be delivered; (6) the date such acquisition will be complete; (7) a description of the order and location of replacement vessels; (8) an estimate of the cost per vessel and of the total cost of the acquisition program of record; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9634 November 27, 2018 
(9) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
SEC. 820. GREAT LAKES ICEBREAKER ACQUISI-TION. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES.—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for the construction of an icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (b) A
CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisition activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improve-ments that was appropriated under the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115– 31) will be allocated to support the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 821. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) E NHANCED MAINTENANCE PROGRAM FOR  
THEPOLAR STAR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an enhanced maintenance program on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) until at least December 31, 2025, through an enhanced maintenance program. (3) C
ONTENT .—The report required by para-graph (2) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and discussion of the en-hanced maintenance program recommended by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineer-ing, and Medicine’s Committee on Polar Ice-breaker Cost Assessment in the letter report ‘‘Acquisition and Operation of Polar Ice-breakers: Fulfilling the Nation’s Needs’’. (B) An assessment and discussion of the Gov-ernment Accountability Office’s concerns and recommendations regarding service life exten-sion work on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) in the report ‘‘Status of the Coast Guard’s Polar Icebreaking Fleet Capability and Recapitalization Plan’’. (C) Based upon a materiel condition assess-ment of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10)— (i) a description of the service life extension needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the amount needed to be appropriated to complete the enhanced mainte-nance program. (D) A plan to ensure the vessel will maintain seasonally operational status during the en-hanced maintenance program. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 202 of this Act, for the enhanced maintenance program described in the report required by sub-section (a). (b) COAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT OF 2012; A MENDMENT .—Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213), as amended, is further amended as follows: (1) by striking subsections (a) through (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (a) through (c), respectively; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c), the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Com-mandant’’; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Polar Sea or’’; (C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star or the Polar Sea’’; and (D) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star’’. 
SEC. 822. STRATEGIC ASSETS IN THE ARCTIC. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in signifi-cance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is posi-tioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consider-ation the Department of Defense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the strategic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013; (2) an assessment of the assets and infrastruc-ture necessary to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arc-tic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; (3) an analysis of the sufficiency of the dis-tribution of National Security Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Response Cutters both stationed in various Alaskan ports and in other locations to meet the strategic objectives identi-fied in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy, dated May 2013; (4) plans to provide communications through-out the entire Coastal Western Alaska Captain of the Port zone to improve waterway safety and mitigate close calls, collisions, and other dangerous interactions between the shipping in-dustry and subsistence hunters; (5) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid environ-mentally sensitive areas and permanent security zones; (6) an explanation of— (A) whether it is feasible to establish a vessel traffic service, using existing resources or other-wise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Ex-pertise is necessary to address the gaps in expe-rience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; and (7) an assessment of whether sufficient agree-ments are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities. SEC. 823. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the Oil Pol-lution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), the Commandant of the Coast Guard may approve a vessel response plan under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for a vessel operating in any area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic, if the Commandant verifies that— (A) equipment required to be available for re-sponse under the plan has been tested and prov-en capable of operating in the environmental conditions expected in the area in which it is in-tended to be operated; and (B) the operators of such equipment have con-ducted training on the equipment within the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone. (2) P
OST-APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—In ap- proving a vessel response plan under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) require that the oil spill removal organiza-tion identified in the vessel response plan con-duct regular exercises and drills using the re-sponse resources identified in the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; and (B) allow such oil spill removal organization to take credit for a response to an actual spill or release in the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone, instead of conducting an exercise or drill required under subparagraph (A), if the oil spill removal organization— (i) documents which exercise or drill require-ments were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to, and re-ceives approval from, the Commandant. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the oil spill pre-vention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as es-tablished by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone, includ-ing details on any providers of such equipment and assets. (B) A description of the location of such equipment and assets, including an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and assets. (C) A determination of how effectively such equipment and assets are distributed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement regarding whether the ability to maintain and deploy such equipment and as-sets is taken into account when measuring the equipment and assets available throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (E) A validation of the port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for re-sponse under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regulations in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone during the previous 3 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9635 November 27, 2018 
(G) A description of the resources needed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone to conduct port assessments, exer-cises, response plan reviews, and spill responses. (c) D
EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
SEC. 824. VESSEL RESPONSE PLAN AUDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall com-plete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a com-prehensive review of the processes and resources used by the Coast Guard to implement vessel re-sponse plan requirements under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The re- view required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include— (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the processes the Coast Guard uses— (A) to approve the vessel response plans re-ferred to in subsection (a); (B) to approve alternate planning criteria used in lieu of National Planning Criteria in ap-proving such plans; (C) to verify compliance with such plans; and (D) to act in the event of a failure to comply with the requirements of such plans; (2) an examination of all Federal and State agency resources used by the Coast Guard in carrying out the processes identified under paragraph (1), including— (A) the current staffing model and organiza-tion; (B) data, software, simulators, systems, or other technology, including those pertaining to weather, oil spill trajectory modeling, and risk management; (C) the total amount of time per fiscal year ex-pended by Coast Guard personnel to approve and verify compliance with vessel response plans; and (D) the average amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for approval of, and verification of compliance with, a single vessel response plan; (3) an analysis of how, including by what means or methods, the processes identified under paragraph (1)— (A) ensure compliance with applicable law; (B) are implemented by the Coast Guard, in-cluding at the district and sector levels; (C) are informed by public comment and en-gagement with States, Indian Tribes, and other regional stakeholders; (D) ensure availability and adequate oper-ational capability and capacity of required as-sets and equipment, including in cases in which contractual obligations may limit the avail-ability of such assets and equipment for re-sponse; (E) provide for adequate asset and equipment mobilization time requirements, particularly with respect to— (i) calculation and establishment of such re-quirements; (ii) verifying compliance with such require-ments; and (iii) factoring in weather, including specific regional adverse weather as defined in section 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, in calculating, establishing, and verifying com-pliance with such requirements; (F) ensure response plan updates and vessel compliance when changes occur in response planning criteria, asset and equipment mobiliza-tion times, or regional response needs, such as trends in transportation of high gravity oils or changes in vessel traffic volume; and (G) enable effective action by the Coast Guard in the event of a failure to comply with response plan requirements; (4) a determination regarding whether asset and equipment mobilization time requirements under approved vessel response plans can be met by the vessels to which they apply; and (5) recommendations for improving the proc-esses identified under paragraph (1), including recommendations regarding the sufficiency of Coast Guard resources dedicated to those proc-esses. SEC. 825. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
For purposes of the application of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to the Volunteer (Hull Number CCA4108), the Illinois and Michi-gan Canal is deemed to not be navigable waters of the United States. 
SEC. 826. DOCUMENTATION OF RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Coast Guard personnel performing nonrec-reational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform recreational vessel documentation under section 12114 of such title in any fiscal year in which— (1) funds available for Coast Guard operating expenses may not be used for expenses incurred for recreational vessel documentation; (2) fees collected from owners of yachts and credited to such use are insufficient to pay ex-penses of recreational vessel documentation; and (3) there is a backlog of applications for rec-reational vessel documentation. 
SEC. 827. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMP-TION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES REQUIREMENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) prescribe regulations in part 160 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, that treat a ma-rine throw bag, as that term is commonly used in the commercial whitewater rafting industry, as a type of lifesaving equipment; and (2) revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt rafts that are 16 feet or more overall in length from the require-ment to carry an additional throwable personal flotation device when such a marine throw bag is onboard and accessible. 
SEC. 828. VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS AND ALTER-NATIVE USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop a performance standard for the al-ternative use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for recreational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alternative use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alter-native signal devices. 
SEC. 829. RADAR REFRESHER TRAINING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating the re-quirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved re-fresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chapters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 830. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFETY NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a national commu-nications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commercial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under sec-tion 15102 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, to the commercial fishing ves-sel industry. (b) CONTENT .—The plan required by sub-section (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) identify staff, resources, and systems avail-able to the Secretary to ensure the widest dis-semination of information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) include a means to document all commu-nication and outreach conducted with the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; and (3) include a mechanism to measure effective-ness of such plan. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than one year after submission of the initial plan, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall implement the plan and shall at a minimum— (1) leverage Coast Guard staff, resources, and systems available; (2) monitor implementation nationwide to en-sure adherence to plan contents; (3) allow each Captain of the Port to adopt the most effective strategy and means to commu-nicate with commercial fishing vessel industry in that Captain of the Port Zone; (4) document communication and outreach; and (5) solicit feedback from the commercial fish-ing vessel industry. (d) R
EPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the effectiveness of the plan to date and any updates to ensure maximum impact of the plan one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter; and (2) include in such report input from indi-vidual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel in-dustry. 
SEC. 831. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of action taken to carry out the rec-ommendations contained in the final report issued by the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study (ACPARS) workgroup for which notice of availability was published March 14, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 13307). 
SEC. 832. DRAWBRIDGES. 
Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the operating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9636 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) a broadcast notice to mariners and through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Secretary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the tem-porary change in a newspaper of general cir-culation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the road-way that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the ap-proaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the de-nial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) D
RAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the logbook to ensure draw-bridge movement is in accordance with the post-ed operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehic-ular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating schedule should be adjusted for efficiency of maritime or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) L
OGBOOKS .—An operator of a drawbridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall record in a log-book— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels pass-ing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through dur-ing each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel passing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunctions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening and closing; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, closings, mal-functions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) M
AINTENANCE OF LOGBOOKS .—A draw- bridge operator shall maintain logbooks required under paragraph (1) for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF LOGBOOKS .—At the re-quest of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a draw-bridge operator shall submit to the Secretary the logbook required under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(4) EXEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) shall be exempt from sections 3501 to 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 833. WAIVER. 
Section 8902 of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to the chain ferry DIANE (United States official number CG002692) when such vessel is operating on the Kalamazoo River in Saugatuck, Michigan. 
SEC. 834. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fire-retardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accommodations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certifi-cate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fire-retardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main elec-trical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; and ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main electrical generators that are contained within non-combustible enclosures equipped with fire sup-pression systems. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this subsection does not apply to any vessel in operation before January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) notify in writing prospective passengers, prior to purchase, and each crew member that the vessel does not comply with applicable fire safety standards due primarily to the wooden construction of passenger berthing areas; ‘‘(B) display in clearly legible font promi-nently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VESSEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(C) acquire prior to the vessel entering serv-ice, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retardant mate-rials; ‘‘(E) prioritize alterations in galleys, engineer-ing areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or adjacent to spaces and compartments containing, engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(F) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the combustible fire-load has been reduced pursuant to subparagraph (D) during each annual inspection for certification; ‘‘(G) ensure the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern; ‘‘(H) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to subparagraph (D) and comply with any noncombustible material requirements pre-scribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(I) annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management offices of jurisdiction that the vessel does not comply with the require-ment under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(J) provide crewmembers manning such ves-sel shipboard training that— ‘‘(i) is specialized for exempted vessels; ‘‘(ii) exceeds requirements related to standards for firefighting training under chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on October 1, 2017; and ‘‘(iii) is approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(K) to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted vessels. ‘‘(2) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) may not disclaim liability to a passenger or crew member of such vessel for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the negligence of the owner or managing operator. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an annual audit and inspection of each exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) in implementing subparagraph (b)(1)(F), consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integrity of such ves-sel in areas carrying or accessible to passengers or generally visible to the public; and ‘‘(C) prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including to prescribe the manner in which prospective passengers are to be notified under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) The penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title shall apply to a violation of this subsection. ‘‘(c) In addition to otherwise applicable pen-alties, the Secretary may immediately withdraw a certificate of inspection for an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) that does not com-ply with any requirement under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 835. VESSEL WAIVER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon the date of enactment of this Act and notwithstanding sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall issue a certifi-cate of documentation with coastwise and fish-ery endorsements to the certificated vessel. (b) R
EPLACEMENT VESSEL .—The certificated vessel shall qualify as a replacement vessel for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA NO.1’’ (United States of-ficial number 610654) and not be precluded from operating as an Amendment 80 replacement ves-sel under the provisions of part 679 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations. (c) C
OAST GUARD REVIEW AND DETERMINA -
TION.— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the use of certain for-eign fabricated steel components in the hull or superstructure of the certificated vessel. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—Based on the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall determine whether the shipyard that con-structed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such com-ponents were procured or installed that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code. (3) R
EVOCATION .—If the Secretary determines under paragraph (2) that the shipyard that con-structed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such com-ponents were procured or installed that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall immediately revoke the certificate of documenta-tion issued under subsection (a). (4) U
SE OF DOCUMENTS .—In conducting the re-view required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may request and review any information, correspondence, or documents related to the construction of the certificated vessel, including from the shipyard that constructed the certifi-cated vessel and the purchaser of the certifi-cated vessel. (d) T
ERMINATION .—If the contract for pur-chase of the certificated vessel that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act is termi-nated, the purchasing party to that contract shall be prohibited from entering into a subse-quent contract or agreement for purchase of such vessel. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ERTIFICATED VESSEL .—The term ‘‘certifi-cated vessel’’ means the vessel America’s Finest (United States official number 1276760). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9637 November 27, 2018 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 836. TEMPORARY LIMITATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the Coast Guard issuing a certificate of documentation with coastwise and fishery endorsements for the ves-sel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States offi-cial number 1276760) and during any period such certificate is in effect, and subject to sub-section (b), the total amount of groundfish har-vested with respect to subparagraph (A) or the total amount of deliveries processed from other vessels with respect to subparagraph (B) by the vessels described in paragraph (2) shall not col-lectively exceed— (A) the percentage of the harvest available in any Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (other than fisheries subject to a limited access privi-lege program created by the North Pacific Fish-ery Management Council) that is equivalent to the total harvest by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years that a vessel described in paragraph (2) had harvest from 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available to such ves-sels in the calendar years 2012 through 2017; or (B) the percentage of processing of deliveries from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (including fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, or community de-velopment quotas as described in section 305(i) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i))) that is equivalent to the total processing of such deliv-eries by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available in the calendar years 2012 through 2017. (2) A
PPLICABLE VESSELS .—The limitations de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall apply, in the ag-gregate, to— (A) the vessel AMERICA’S FINEST (United States official number 1276760); (B) the vessel US INTREPID (United States official number 604439); (C) the vessel AMERICAN NO. 1 (United States official number 610654); (D) any replacement of a vessel described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); and (E) any vessel assigned license number LLG3217 under the license limitation program under part 679 of title 50, Code of Federal Regu-lations. (b) E
XPIRATION .—The limitations described in subsection (a) shall apply to a groundfish spe-cies in Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska only until the earlier of— (1) the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date on which the Secretary of Com-merce issues a final rule, based on recommenda-tions developed by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council consistent with the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), that limits processing deliveries of that groundfish species from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries that are not subject to conservation and man-agement measures under section 206 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this title shall be construed to limit the author-ity of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or the Secretary of Commerce under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). SEC. 837. TRANSFER OF COAST GUARD PROPERTY IN JUPITER ISLAND, FLORIDA, FOR INCLUSION IN HOBE SOUND NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Administrative jurisdiction over the property described in subsection (b) is transferred to the Secretary of the Interior. (b) P
ROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property de-scribed in this subsection is real property admin-istered by the Coast Guard in the Town of Jupi-ter Island, Florida, comprising Parcel #35–38– 42–004–000–02590–6 (Bon Air Beach lots 259 and 260 located at 83 North Beach Road) and Parcel #35–38–42–004–000–02610–2 (Bon Air Beach lots 261 to 267), including any improvements thereon that are not authorized or required by another provision of law to be conveyed to another per-son. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The property described in subsection (b) is included in Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge, and shall be adminis-tered by the Secretary of the Interior acting through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 838. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall request the National Offshore Safe-ty Advisory Committee to examine whether there are unnecessary regulatory barriers to the use of small passenger vessels, crewboats, and offshore supply vessels in disaster response and provide recommendations, as appropriate, to reduce such barriers. 
SEC. 839. DRAWBRIDGES CONSULTATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATION .—In addition and subse-quent to any rulemaking conducted under sec-tion 117.8 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions, related to permanent changes to draw-bridge openings that result from Amtrak service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida, the Commandant shall consult with owners or operators of rail lines used for Amtrak passenger service between New Orleans, Lou-isiana and Orlando, Florida and affected water-way users on changes to drawbridge operating schedules necessary to facilitate the On Time Performance of passenger trains. These changes to schedules shall not impact Coast Guard re-sponse times to operational missions. (b) T
IMING .—Consultation in subsection (a) shall occur after commencement of Amtrak pas-senger service on the rail lines between New Or-leans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida at the following intervals: (1) Not less than 3 months following the com-mencement of Amtrak passenger service. (2) Not less than 6 months following the com-mencement of Amtrak passenger service. (c) R
EPORT .—If after conducting the consulta-tions required by subsection (b)(2), the Com-mandant finds that permanent changes to draw-bridge operations are necessary to mitigate delays in the movement of trains described in subsection (a) and that those changes do not unreasonably obstruct the navigability of the affected waterways, then the Commandant shall submit those findings to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 902. PURPOSES; FINDINGS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this title are— (1) to provide for the establishment of uni-form, environmentally sound standards and re-quirements for the management of discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel; (2) to charge the Environmental Protection Agency with primary responsibility for estab-lishing standards relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels; (3) to charge the Coast Guard with primary responsibility for prescribing, administering, and enforcing regulations, consistent with the discharge standards established by the Environ-mental Protection Agency, for the design, con-struction, installation, and operation of the equipment and management practices required onboard vessels; and (4) to preserve the flexibility of States, polit-ical subdivisions, and certain regions with re-spect to the administration and enforcement of standards relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. (b) FINDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Environmental Protection Agency is the principal Federal authority charged under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) with regulating through the issuance of permits for the discharge of pollut-ants into the navigable waters of the United States; (2) the Coast Guard is the principal Federal authority charged with administering, enforc-ing, and prescribing regulations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels; and (3) during the period of 1973 to 2010— (A) the Environmental Protection Agency pro-mulgated regulations exempting certain dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of vessels from otherwise applicable permitting re-quirements of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (B) Congress enacted laws on numerous occa-sions governing the regulation of discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of vessels, in-cluding— (i) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (ii) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Pre-vention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (iii) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (16 U.S.C. 4701 note; Public Law 104–332); (iv) section 415 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–383; 112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 108–293), which estab-lished interim and permanent requirements, re-spectively, for the regulation of vessel dis-charges of certain bulk cargo residue; (v) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Pub-lic Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–315), which pro-hibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (vi) section 204 of the Maritime Transpor-tation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regula-tion of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; and (vii) title X of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which pro-vided for the implementation of the Inter-national Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. 
SEC. 903. STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES INCI-DENTAL TO NORMAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
(a) U NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) U
NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR DIS-
CHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OPERATION OF  V
ESSELS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘aquatic nuisance species’ means a nonindige-nous species that threatens— ‘‘(i) the diversity or abundance of a native species; ‘‘(ii) the ecological stability of— ‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone; or ‘‘(iii) a commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activity that is de-pendent on— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9638 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(B) B
ALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘ballast water’ means any water, suspended matter, and other materials taken onboard a vessel— ‘‘(I) to control or maintain trim, draught, sta-bility, or stresses of the vessel, regardless of the means by which any such water or suspended matter is carried; or ‘‘(II) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the vessel. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘ballast water’ does not include any substance that is added to the water described in clause (i) that is directly related to the operation of a properly func-tioning ballast water management system. ‘‘(C) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘ballast water discharge standard’ means— ‘‘(i) the numerical ballast water discharge standard established by section 151.1511 or 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); or ‘‘(ii) if a standard referred to in clause (i) is superseded by a numerical standard of perform-ance under this subsection, that superseding standard. ‘‘(D) B
ALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .—The term ‘ballast water exchange’ means the replacement of water in a ballast water tank using 1 of the following methods: ‘‘(i) Flow-through exchange, in which ballast water is flushed out by pumping in midocean water at the bottom of the tank if practicable, and continuously overflowing the tank from the top, until 3 full volumes of water have been changed to minimize the number of original or-ganisms remaining in the tank. ‘‘(ii) Empty and refill exchange, in which bal-last water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with midocean water. ‘‘(E) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘ballast water management system’ means any marine pollution control device (in-cluding all ballast water treatment equipment, ballast tanks, pipes, pumps, and all associated control and monitoring equipment) that proc-esses ballast water— ‘‘(i) to kill, render nonviable, or remove orga-nisms; or ‘‘(ii) to avoid the uptake or discharge of orga-nisms. ‘‘(F) B
EST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI -
CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘best available technology economically achievable’ means— ‘‘(i) best available technology economically achievable (within the meaning of section 301(b)(2)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best available technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(2)(B)); and ‘‘(iii) best available technology, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(3) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regu-lations). ‘‘(G) B
EST CONVENTIONAL POLLUTANT CONTROL  
TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘best conventional pol-lutant control technology’ means— ‘‘(i) best conventional pollutant control tech-nology (within the meaning of section 301(b)(2)(E)); ‘‘(ii) best conventional pollutant control tech-nology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(4)); and ‘‘(iii) best conventional pollutant control tech-nology, as determined in accordance with sec-tion 125.3(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(H) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘best management practice’ means a schedule of activities, prohibi-tions of practices, maintenance procedures, and other management practices to prevent or reduce the pollution of— ‘‘(I) the waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) the waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(ii) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘best management practice’ includes any treatment requirement, operating procedure, or practice to control— ‘‘(I) vessel runoff; ‘‘(II) spillage or leaks; ‘‘(III) sludge or waste disposal; or ‘‘(IV) drainage from raw material storage. ‘‘(I) B
EST PRACTICABLE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY  
CURRENTLY AVAILABLE .—The term ‘best prac-ticable control technology currently available’ means— ‘‘(i) best practicable control technology cur-rently available (within the meaning of section 301(b)(1)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best practicable control technology cur-rently available (within the meaning of section 304(b)(1)); and ‘‘(iii) best practicable control technology cur-rently available, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(1) of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(J) C
APTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘Captain of the Port Zone’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Secretary pur-suant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. ‘‘(K) E
MPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘empty ballast tank’ means a tank that— ‘‘(i) has previously held ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the functional or operational capabilities of the tank (such as loss of suction); ‘‘(ii) is recorded as empty on a vessel log; and ‘‘(iii) contains unpumpable residual ballast water and sediment. ‘‘(L) G
REAT LAKES COMMISSION .—The term ‘Great Lakes Commission’ means the Great Lakes Commission established by article IV A of the Great Lakes Compact to which Congress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Pub-lic Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(M) G
REAT LAKES STATE .—The term ‘Great Lakes State’ means any of the States of— ‘‘(i) Illinois; ‘‘(ii) Indiana; ‘‘(iii) Michigan; ‘‘(iv) Minnesota; ‘‘(v) New York; ‘‘(vi) Ohio; ‘‘(vii) Pennsylvania; and ‘‘(viii) Wisconsin. ‘‘(N) G
REAT LAKES SYSTEM .—The term ‘Great Lakes System’ has the meaning given the term in section 118(a)(3). ‘‘(O) I
NTERNAL WATERS .—The term ‘internal waters’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2.24 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). ‘‘(P) M
ARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘marine pollution control device’ means any equipment or management practice (or combination of equipment and a manage-ment practice), for installation or use onboard a vessel, that is— ‘‘(i) designed to receive, retain, treat, control, or discharge a discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) determined by the Administrator and the Secretary to be the most effective equipment or management practice (or combination of equip-ment and a management practice) to reduce the environmental impacts of the discharge, con-sistent with the factors for consideration de-scribed in paragraphs (4) and (5). ‘‘(Q) N
ONINDIGENOUS SPECIES .—The term ‘nonindigenous species’ means an organism of a species that enters an ecosystem beyond the his-toric range of the species. ‘‘(R) O
RGANISM .—The term ‘organism’ in-cludes— ‘‘(i) an animal, including fish and fish eggs and larvae; ‘‘(ii) a plant; ‘‘(iii) a pathogen; ‘‘(iv) a microbe; ‘‘(v) a virus; ‘‘(vi) a prokaryote (including any archean or bacterium); ‘‘(vii) a fungus; and ‘‘(viii) a protist. ‘‘(S) PACIFIC REGION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Pacific Region’ means any Federal or State water— ‘‘(I) adjacent to the State of Alaska, Cali-fornia, Hawaii, Oregon, or Washington; and ‘‘(II) extending from shore. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Pacific Region’ includes the entire exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) adjacent to each State described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(T) P
ORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘port or place of destination’ means a port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. ‘‘(U) R
ENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘render nonviable’, with respect to an organism in bal-last water, means the action of a ballast water management system that renders the organism permanently incapable of reproduction fol-lowing treatment. ‘‘(V) S
ALTWATER FLUSH .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘saltwater flush’ means— ‘‘(I)(aa) the addition of as much midocean water into each empty ballast tank of a vessel as is safe for the vessel and crew; and ‘‘(bb) the mixing of the flushwater with resid-ual ballast water and sediment through the mo-tion of the vessel; and ‘‘(II) the discharge of that mixed water, such that the resultant residual water remaining in the tank— ‘‘(aa) has the highest salinity possible; and ‘‘(bb) is at least 30 parts per thousand. ‘‘(ii) M
ULTIPLE SEQUENCES .—For purposes of clause (i), a saltwater flush may require more than 1 fill-mix-empty sequence, particularly if only small quantities of water can be safely taken onboard a vessel at 1 time. ‘‘(W) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. ‘‘(X) S
MALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Small Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final permit issuance entitled ‘Final National Pollut-ant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Small Vessel General Permit for Discharges Inci-dental to the Normal Operation of Vessels Less Than 79 Feet’ (79 Fed. Reg. 53702 (September 10, 2014)). ‘‘(Y) S
MALL VESSEL OR FISHING VESSEL .—The term ‘small vessel or fishing vessel’ means a ves-sel that is— ‘‘(i) less than 79 feet in length; or ‘‘(ii) a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel (as those terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code), re-gardless of the length of the vessel. ‘‘(Z) V
ESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Ves-sel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final permit issuance en-titled ‘Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’ (78 Fed. Reg. 21938 (April 12, 2013)). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), this subsection applies to— ‘‘(i) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel (such as most graywater) that is commingled with sewage, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(I) nothing in this subsection prevents a State from regulating sewage discharges; and ‘‘(II) any such commingled discharge shall comply with all applicable requirements of— ‘‘(aa) this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) any law applicable to discharges of sew-age. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—This subsection does not apply to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9639 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(i) from— ‘‘(I) a vessel of the Armed Forces subject to subsection (n); ‘‘(II) a recreational vessel subject to sub-section (o); ‘‘(III) a small vessel or fishing vessel, except that this subsection shall apply to any dis-charge of ballast water from a small vessel or fishing vessel; or ‘‘(IV) a floating craft that is permanently moored to a pier, including a ‘floating’ casino, hotel, restaurant, or bar; ‘‘(ii) of ballast water from a vessel— ‘‘(I) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through system, if the Administrator determines that system can-not materially contribute to the spread or intro-duction of an aquatic nuisance species into waters of the United States; ‘‘(II) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have an operable ballast water management system; ‘‘(III) that discharges ballast water consisting solely of water taken onboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken onboard, meets the applicable require-ments or permit requirements of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); ‘‘(IV) that carries all permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to dis-charge; or ‘‘(V) that only discharges ballast water into a reception facility; or ‘‘(iii) that results from, or contains material derived from, an activity other than the normal operation of the vessel, such as material result-ing from an industrial or manufacturing process onboard the vessel. ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUATION IN EFFECT OF EXISTING RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) V
ESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—Notwith- standing the expiration date of the Vessel Gen-eral Permit or any other provision of law, all provisions of the Vessel General Permit shall re-main in force and effect, and shall not be modi-fied, until the applicable date described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(B) N
ONINDIGENOUS AQUATIC NUISANCE PRE -
VENTION AND CONTROL ACT REGULATIONS .—Not- withstanding section 903(a)(2)(A) of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018, all regulations promulgated by the Secretary pursuant to sec-tion 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nui-sance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection), including the regulations contained in subparts C and D of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and subpart 162.060 of part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before that date of enactment), shall remain in force and effect until the applicable date de-scribed in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) R
EPEAL ON EXISTENCE OF FINAL , EFFEC -
TIVE, AND ENFORCEABLE REQUIREMENTS .—Effec- tive beginning on the date on which the require-ments promulgated by the Secretary under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (5) with respect to every discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this subsection are final, effec-tive, and enforceable, the requirements of the Vessel General Permit and the regulations de-scribed in subparagraph (B) shall have no force or effect. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE  
FOR MARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES AND  
WATER QUALITY ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Ad-ministrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to clause (ii)), and in consultation with interested Governors (subject to clause (iii)), shall promulgate Federal standards of perform-ance for marine pollution control devices for each type of discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) CONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall sub-mit to the Secretary a request for written con-currence with respect to a proposed standard of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(II) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A fail- ure by the Secretary to concur with the Admin-istrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concurrence under sub-clause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from promulgating the relevant standard of per-formance in accordance with the deadline under clause (i), subject to the condition that the Ad-ministrator shall include in the administrative record of the promulgation— ‘‘(aa) documentation of the request submitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of perform-ance during the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSULTATION WITH GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in pro-mulgating a standard of performance under clause (i), shall develop the standard of per-formance— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with interested Gov-ernors; and ‘‘(bb) in accordance with the deadlines under that clause. ‘‘(II) P
ROCESS .—The Administrator shall de-velop a process for soliciting input from inter-ested Governors, including information sharing relevant to such process, to allow interested Governors to inform the development of stand-ards of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(III) O
BJECTION BY GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(aa) S
UBMISSION .—An interested Governor that objects to a proposed standard of perform-ance under clause (i) may submit to the Admin-istrator in writing a detailed objection to the proposed standard of performance, describing the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis of the objection. ‘‘(bb) R
ESPONSE .—Before finalizing a standard of performance under clause (i) that is subject to an objection under item (aa) from 1 or more in-terested Governors, the Administrator shall pro-vide a written response to each interested Gov-ernor that submitted an objection under that item that details the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis for that standard of performance. ‘‘(cc) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A response of the Ad-ministrator under item (bb) shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(iv) P
ROCEDURE .—The Administrator shall promulgate the standards of performance under this subparagraph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
TRINGENCY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (iii), the standards of performance promulgated under this paragraph shall require— ‘‘(I) with respect to conventional pollutants, toxic pollutants, and nonconventional pollut-ants (including aquatic nuisance species), the application of the best practicable control tech-nology currently available; ‘‘(II) with respect to conventional pollutants, the application of the best conventional pollut-ant control technology; and ‘‘(III) with respect to toxic pollutants and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance species), the application of the best available technology economically achievable for categories and classes of vessels, which shall result in reasonable progress toward the na-tional goal of eliminating discharges of all pol-lutants. ‘‘(ii) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .—The Ad- ministrator shall require the use of best manage-ment practices to control or abate any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel if— ‘‘(I) numeric standards of performance are in-feasible under clause (i); or ‘‘(II) the best management practices are rea-sonably necessary— ‘‘(aa) to achieve the standards of perform-ance; or ‘‘(bb) to carry out the purpose and intent of this subsection. ‘‘(iii) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subparagraph (D)(ii)(II), the combination of any equipment or best management practice comprising a marine pollution control device shall not be less stringent than the following provisions of the Vessel General Permit: ‘‘(I) All requirements contained in parts 2.1 and 2.2 (relating to effluent limits and related requirements), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(II) All requirements contained in part 5 (re-lating to vessel class-specific requirements) that concern effluent limits and authorized dis-charges (within the meaning of that part), in-cluding with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(C) C
LASSES , TYPES , AND SIZES OF VESSELS .— The standards promulgated under this para-graph may distinguish— ‘‘(i) among classes, types, and sizes of vessels; and ‘‘(ii) between new vessels and existing vessels. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in con-sultation with the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(I) review the standards of performance in effect under this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) if appropriate, revise those standards of performance— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with subparagraphs (A) through (C); and ‘‘(bb) as necessary to establish requirements for any discharge that is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II), the Administrator shall not revise a standard of performance under this subsection to be less stringent than an applicable existing requirement. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Administrator may revise a standard of performance to be less strin-gent than an applicable existing requirement— ‘‘(aa) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) was not reasonably available when the Administrator promulgated the initial standard of performance or comparable requirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable (including the subsequent scarcity or unavailability of ma-terials used to control the relevant discharge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a less-stringent standard of performance at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(bb) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinterpretation of law occurred when promulgating the existing standard of performance or comparable require-ment of the Vessel General Permit, as applica-ble. ‘‘(E) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR  
AQUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES EMERGENCIES AND  
FURTHER PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to clause (ii)), and in consultation with States, may require, by order, the use of an emergency best management practice for any region or cat-egory of vessels in any case in which the Admin-istrator determines that such a best management practice— ‘‘(I) is necessary to reduce the reasonably foreseeable risk of introduction or establishment of an aquatic nuisance species; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9640 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(II) will mitigate the adverse effects of a dis-charge that contributes to a violation of a water quality requirement under section 303, other than a requirement based on the presence of an aquatic nuisance species. ‘‘(ii) C
ONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall sub-mit to the Secretary a request for written con-currence with respect to an order under clause (i). ‘‘(II) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A fail- ure by the Secretary to concur with the Admin-istrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concurrence under sub-clause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from issuing the relevant order, subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the issuance— ‘‘(aa) documentation of the request submitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed order during the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(iii) D
URATION .—An order issued by the Ad-ministrator under clause (i) shall expire not later than the date that is 4 years after the date of issuance. ‘‘(iv) E
XTENSIONS .—The Administrator may re-issue an order under clause (i) for such subse-quent periods of not longer than 4 years as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION , COMPLIANCE , AND EN -
FORCEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date on which the Administrator promulgates any new or re-vised standard of performance under paragraph (4) with respect to a discharge, the Secretary, in consultation with States, shall promulgate the regulations required under this paragraph with respect to that discharge. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subparagraph (C)(ii)(II), the regulations pro-mulgated under this paragraph shall not be less stringent with respect to ensuring, monitoring, and enforcing compliance than— ‘‘(I) the requirements contained in part 3 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to corrective actions); ‘‘(II) the requirements contained in part 4 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to inspec-tions, monitoring, reporting, and record-keeping), including with respect to waters sub-ject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; ‘‘(III) the requirements contained in part 5 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to vessel class-specific requirements) regarding moni-toring, inspection, and educational and training requirements (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Fed-eral protection, in whole or in part, for con-servation purposes; and ‘‘(IV) any comparable, existing requirements promulgated under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) (including section 1101 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection)) applicable to that discharge. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH STATES .—The Sec- retary, in coordination with the Governors of the States, shall develop, publish, and periodi-cally update inspection, monitoring, data man-agement, and enforcement procedures for the enforcement by States of Federal standards and requirements under this subsection. ‘‘(iv) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—In determining the ef-fective date of a regulation promulgated under this paragraph, the Secretary shall take into consideration the period of time necessary— ‘‘(I) to communicate to affected persons the applicability of the regulation; and ‘‘(II) for affected persons reasonably to com-ply with the regulation. ‘‘(v) PROCEDURE .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate the regulations under this subpara-graph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION REGULATIONS FOR MA -
RINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES .—The Sec- retary shall promulgate such regulations gov-erning the design, construction, testing, ap-proval, installation, and use of marine pollution control devices as are necessary to ensure com-pliance with the standards of performance pro-mulgated under paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE ASSURANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall promul-gate requirements (including requirements for vessel owners and operators with respect to in-spections, monitoring, reporting, sampling, and recordkeeping) to ensure, monitor, and enforce compliance with— ‘‘(I) the standards of performance promul-gated by the Administrator under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(II) the implementation regulations promul-gated by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II), the Secretary shall not revise a re-quirement under this subparagraph or subpara-graph (B) to be less stringent with respect to en-suring, monitoring, or enforcing compliance than an applicable existing requirement. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may revise a requirement under this subparagraph or sub-paragraph (B) to be less stringent than an ap-plicable existing requirement— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with this subparagraph or subparagraph (B), as applicable; ‘‘(bb) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator determines was not reasonably available when the Administrator promulgated the existing requirement of the Ves-sel General Permit, or that the Secretary deter-mines was not reasonably available when the Secretary promulgated the existing requirement under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Pre-vention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or the applicable existing requirement under this subparagraph, as applicable (includ-ing subsequent scarcity or unavailability of ma-terials used to control the relevant discharge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a less-stringent requirement at the time of pro-mulgation; or ‘‘(cc) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinterpretation of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement of the Vessel General Permit, or if the Secretary determines that a material mistake or misinterpretation of law occurred when pro-mulgating an existing requirement under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or this subsection. ‘‘(D) D
ATA AVAILABILITY .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the Governor of a State, on request by the Gov-ernor, access to Automated Identification Sys-tem arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destination in the State. ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS REGARDING BAL -
LAST WATER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the other applicable requirements of this subsection, the requirements of this paragraph shall apply with respect to any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel that is a discharge of ballast water. ‘‘(B) E
MPTY BALLAST TANKS .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel with empty ballast tanks bound for a port or place of destination subject to the jurisdiction of the United States shall, prior to arriving at that port or place of destination, conduct a ballast water exchange or saltwater flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating within the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply— ‘‘(I) if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were subject to treatment, in compliance with applicable re-quirements, through a type-approved ballast water management system approved by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(II) except as otherwise required under this subsection, if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were sourced within— ‘‘(aa) the same port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) contiguous portions of a single Captain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(III) if complying with an applicable require-ment of clause (i)— ‘‘(aa) would compromise the safety of the ves-sel; or ‘‘(bb) is otherwise prohibited by any Federal, Canadian, or international law (including regu-lations) pertaining to vessel safety; ‘‘(IV) if design limitations of the vessel pre-vent a ballast water exchange or saltwater flush from being conducted in accordance with clause (i); or ‘‘(V) if the vessel is operating exclusively within the internal waters of the United States or Canada. ‘‘(C) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a vessel shall be deemed to be in com-pliance with a standard of performance for a marine pollution control device that is a ballast water management system if the ballast water management system— ‘‘(I) is maintained in proper working condi-tion, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) is maintained and used in accordance with manufacturer specifications; ‘‘(III) continues to meet the ballast water dis-charge standard applicable to the vessel at the time of installation, as determined by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(IV) has in effect a valid type-approval cer-tificate issued by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i) shall cease to apply with respect to any vessel on, as applica-ble— ‘‘(I) the expiration of the service life, as deter-mined by the Secretary, of— ‘‘(aa) the ballast water management system; or ‘‘(bb) the vessel; ‘‘(II) the completion of a major conversion (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) a determination by the Secretary that there are other type-approved systems for the vessel or category of vessels, with respect to the use of which the environmental, health, and economic benefits would exceed the costs. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW OF BALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT  
SYSTEM TYPE -APPROVAL TESTING METHODS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF LIVE ; LIVING .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law (including regulations), for purposes of section 151.1511 of title 33, and part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the terms ‘live’ and ‘living’ shall not— ‘‘(I) include an organism that has been ren-dered nonviable; or ‘‘(II) preclude the consideration of any meth-od of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion. ‘‘(ii) D
RAFT POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall publish a draft policy letter, based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9641 November 27, 2018 
on the best available science, describing type- approval testing methods and protocols for bal-last water management systems, if any, that— ‘‘(I) render nonviable organisms in ballast water; and ‘‘(II) may be used in addition to the methods established under subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regu-lations)— ‘‘(aa) to measure the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of repro-duction; ‘‘(bb) to certify the performance of each bal-last water management system under this sub-section; and ‘‘(cc) to certify laboratories to evaluate appli-cable treatment technologies. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide a period of not more than 60 days for public comment regarding the draft policy letter published under clause (ii). ‘‘(iv) F
INAL POLICY .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall publish a final policy letter describ-ing type-approval testing methods, if any, for ballast water management systems that render nonviable organisms in ballast water. ‘‘(II) M
ETHOD OF EVALUATION .—The ballast water management systems under subclause (I) shall be evaluated by measuring the concentra-tion of organisms in ballast water that are capa-ble of reproduction based on the best available science that may be used in addition to the methods established under subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). ‘‘(III) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall revise the final policy letter under subclause (I) in any case in which the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, determines that addi-tional testing methods are capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that have not been rendered nonviable. ‘‘(v) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In devel- oping a policy letter under this subparagraph, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator— ‘‘(I) shall take into consideration a testing method that uses organism grow-out and most probable number statistical analysis to deter-mine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; and ‘‘(II) shall not take into consideration a test-ing method that relies on a staining method that measures the concentration of— ‘‘(aa) organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers; and ‘‘(bb) organisms less than or equal to 50 mi-crometers. ‘‘(E) I
NTERGOVERNMENTAL RESPONSE FRAME -
WORK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator and acting in co-ordination with, or through, the Aquatic Nui-sance Species Task Force established by section 1201(a) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4721(a)), shall establish a framework for Federal and intergovernmental response to aquatic nui-sance species risks from discharges from vessels subject to ballast water and incidental discharge compliance requirements under this subsection, including the introduction, spread, and estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species popu-lations. ‘‘(ii) B
ALLAST DISCHARGE RISK RESPONSE .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Sec-retary and taking into consideration informa-tion from the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse developed under section 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)), shall establish a risk assessment and response frame-work using ballast water discharge data and aquatic nuisance species monitoring data for the purposes of— ‘‘(I) identifying and tracking populations of aquatic invasive species; ‘‘(II) evaluating the risk of any aquatic nui-sance species population tracked under sub-clause (I) establishing and spreading in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone; and ‘‘(III) establishing emergency best manage-ment practices that may be deployed rapidly, in a local or regional manner, to respond to emerg-ing aquatic nuisance species threats. ‘‘(7) PETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State (or a designee) may submit to the Administrator or the Secretary a petition— ‘‘(i) to issue an order under paragraph (4)(E); or ‘‘(ii) to review any standard of performance, regulation, or policy promulgated under para-graph (4), (5), or (6), respectively, if there exists new information that could reasonably result in a change to— ‘‘(I) the standard of performance, regulation, or policy; or ‘‘(II) a determination on which the standard of performance, regulation, or policy was based. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—A petition under subpara-graph (A) shall include a description of any ap-plicable scientific or technical information that forms the basis of the petition. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) T
IMING .—The Administrator or the Sec-retary, as applicable, shall grant or deny— ‘‘(I) a petition under subparagraph (A)(i) by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date on which the petition is submitted; and ‘‘(II) a petition under subparagraph (A)(ii) by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date on which the petition is submitted. ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF GRANT .—If the Administrator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to grant a petition— ‘‘(I) in the case of a petition under subpara-graph (A)(i), the Administrator shall imme-diately issue the relevant order under para-graph (4)(E); or ‘‘(II) in the case of a petition under subpara-graph (A)(ii), the Administrator or Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that deter-mination, a notice of proposed rulemaking to re-vise the relevant standard, requirement, regula-tion, or policy under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), as applicable. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—If the Administrator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to deny a petition, the Administrator or Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that deter-mination, a detailed explanation of the sci-entific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis of the determination. ‘‘(iv) R
EVIEW .—A determination by the Ad-ministrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition shall be— ‘‘(I) considered to be a final agency action; and ‘‘(II) subject to judicial review in accordance with section 509, subject to clause (v). ‘‘(v) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(I) V
ENUE.—Notwithstanding section 509(b), a petition for review of a determination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition submitted by the Governor of a State under subparagraph (A) may be filed in any United States district court of competent ju-risdiction. ‘‘(II) D
EADLINE FOR FILING .—Notwithstanding section 509(b), a petition for review of a deter-mination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) shall be filed by not later than 180 days after the date on which the justifica-tion for the determination is published in the Federal Register under clause (iii). ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for any person to violate— ‘‘(i) a provision of the Vessel General Permit in force and effect under paragraph (3)(A); ‘‘(ii) a regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nui-sance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection) in force and effect under paragraph (3)(B); or ‘‘(iii) an applicable requirement or regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(B) COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS .—Effec- tive beginning on the effective date of a regula-tion promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), (6), or (10), as applicable, it shall be unlawful for the owner or operator of a vessel subject to the regulation— ‘‘(i) to discharge any discharge incidental to the normal operation of the vessel into waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, except in compliance with the regulation; or ‘‘(ii) to operate in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, if the vessel is not equipped with a required marine pollution control device that complies with the require-ments established under this subsection, un-less— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel de-notes in an entry in the official logbook of the vessel that the equipment was not operational; and ‘‘(II) either— ‘‘(aa) the applicable discharge was avoided; or ‘‘(bb) an alternate compliance option ap-proved by the Secretary as meeting the applica-ble standard was employed. ‘‘(C) A
FFIRMATIVE DEFENSE .—No person shall be found to be in violation of this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) the violation was in the interest of ensur-ing the safety of life at sea, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the applicable emergency circumstance was not the result of negligence or malfeasance on the part of— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel; ‘‘(II) the master of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) the person in charge of the vessel. ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT .—Each day of continuing violation of an applicable requirement of this subsection shall constitute a separate offense. ‘‘(E) I
N REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of this subsection is liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed for the violation. ‘‘(F) R
EVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec- retary shall withhold or revoke the clearance of a vessel required under section 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in violation of this subsection. ‘‘(9) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) through (v) and paragraph (10), ef-fective beginning on the date on which the re-quirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (5) with respect to every discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this subsection are final, ef-fective, and enforceable, no State, political sub-division of a State, or interstate agency may adopt or enforce any law, regulation, or other requirement of the State, political subdivision, or interstate agency with respect to any such discharge. ‘‘(ii) I
DENTICAL OR LESSER STATE LAWS .— Clause (i) shall not apply to any law, regula-tion, or other requirement of a State, political subdivision of a State, or interstate agency in effect on or after the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(I) that is identical to a Federal requirement under this subsection applicable to the relevant discharge; or ‘‘(II) compliance with which would be achieved concurrently in achieving compliance with a Federal requirement under this sub-section applicable to the relevant discharge. ‘‘(iii) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT OF FEDERAL RE -
QUIREMENTS .—A State may enforce any stand-ard of performance or other Federal requirement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9642 November 27, 2018 
of this subsection in accordance with subsection (k) or other applicable Federal authority. ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN FEES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclauses (II) and (III), a State that assesses any fee pursuant to any State or Federal law relating to the regu-lation of a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel before the date of enact-ment of this subsection may assess or retain a fee to cover the costs of administration, inspec-tion, monitoring, and enforcement activities by the State to achieve compliance with the appli-cable requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(II) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in item (bb), a State may assess a fee for activities under this clause equal to not more than $1,000 against the owner or operator of a vessel that— ‘‘(AA) has operated outside of that State; and ‘‘(BB) arrives at a port or place of destination in the State (excluding movement entirely with-in a single port or place of destination). ‘‘(bb) V
ESSELS ENGAGED IN COASTWISE  
TRADE .—A State may assess against the owner or operator of a vessel registered in accordance with applicable Federal law and lawfully en-gaged in the coastwise trade not more than $5,000 in fees under this clause per vessel during a calendar year. ‘‘(III) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—A State may adjust the amount of a fee authorized under this clause not more frequently than once every 5 years to reflect the percentage by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Department of Labor for the month of October immediately preceding the date of ad-justment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Depart-ment of Labor for the month of October that im-mediately precedes the date that is 5 years be-fore the date of adjustment. ‘‘(bb) E
FFECT OF SUBCLAUSE .—Nothing in this subclause prevents a State from adjusting a fee in effect before the date of enactment of this subsection to the applicable maximum amount under subclause (II). ‘‘(cc) A
PPLICABILITY .—This subclause applies only to increases in fees to amounts greater than the applicable maximum amount under subclause (II). ‘‘(v) A
LASKA GRAYWATER .—Clause (i) shall not apply with respect to any discharge of graywater (as defined in section 1414 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–323)) from a pas-senger vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) in the State of Alaska (including all waters in the Alexander Archi-pelago) carrying 50 or more passengers. ‘‘(vi) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subsection preempts any State law, pub-lic initiative, referendum, regulation, require-ment, or other State action, except as expressly provided in this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Except as ex-pressly provided in this subsection, nothing in this subsection affects the applicability to a ves-sel of any other provision of Federal law, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) this section; ‘‘(ii) section 311; ‘‘(iii) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); and ‘‘(iv) title X of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). ‘‘(C) P
ERMITTING .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Small Vessel General Permit is re-pealed; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator, or a State in the case of a permit program approved under section 402, shall not require, or in any way modify, a per-mit under that section for— ‘‘(I) any discharge that is subject to regula-tion under this subsection; ‘‘(II) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel from a small vessel or fish-ing vessel, regardless of whether that discharge is subject to regulation under this subsection; or ‘‘(III) any discharge described in paragraph (2)(B)(ii). ‘‘(D) NO EFFECT ON CIVIL OR CRIMINAL AC -
TIONS .—Nothing in this subsection, or any standard, regulation, or requirement established under this subsection, modifies or otherwise af-fects, preempts, or displaces— ‘‘(i) any cause of action; or ‘‘(ii) any provision of Federal or State law es-tablishing a remedy for civil relief or criminal penalty. ‘‘(E) N
O EFFECT ON CERTAIN SECRETARIAL AU -
THORITY .—Nothing in this subsection affects the authority of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior to administer any land or waters under the administrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior, respectively. ‘‘(F) N
O LIMITATION ON STATE INSPECTION AU -
THORITY .—Nothing in this subsection limits the authority of a State to inspect a vessel pursuant to paragraph (5)(A)(iii) in order to monitor com-pliance with an applicable requirement of this section. ‘‘(10) A
DDITIONAL REGIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) M
INIMUM GREAT LAKES SYSTEM REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel en-tering the St. Lawrence Seaway through the mouth of the St. Lawrence River shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange or saltwater flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating within the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to a vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with an applicable requirement of clause (i)— ‘‘(aa) would compromise the safety of the ves-sel; or ‘‘(bb) is otherwise prohibited by any Federal, Canadian, or international law (including regu-lations) pertaining to vessel safety; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the vessel prevent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with an applicable requirement of clause (i); ‘‘(III) the vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to the requirement; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a man-ner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to the requirement. ‘‘(B) E
NHANCED GREAT LAKES SYSTEM RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR PROPOSED  
ENHANCED STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State (or a State employee designee) may submit a petition in accordance with subclause (II) to propose that other Governors of Great Lakes States endorse an enhanced standard of performance or other requirement with respect to any discharge that— ‘‘(aa) is subject to regulation under this sub-section; and ‘‘(bb) occurs within the Great Lakes System. ‘‘(II) S
UBMISSION .—A Governor shall submit a petition under subclause (I), in writing, to— ‘‘(aa) the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission, in such manner as may be prescribed by the Great Lakes Commission; ‘‘(bb) the Governor of each other Great Lakes State; and ‘‘(cc) the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office established by section 118(b). ‘‘(III) PRELIMINARY ASSESSMENT BY GREAT  
LAKES COMMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—After the date of receipt of a petition under subclause (II)(aa), the Great Lakes Commission (acting through the Great Lakes Panel on Aquatic Nuisance Species, to the maximum extent practicable) may develop a preliminary assessment regarding each en-hanced standard of performance or other re-quirement described in the petition. ‘‘(bb) P
ROVISIONS .—The preliminary assess-ment developed by the Great Lakes Commission under item (aa)— ‘‘(AA) may be developed in consultation with relevant experts and stakeholders; ‘‘(BB) may be narrative in nature; ‘‘(CC) may include the preliminary views, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission on the pro-priety of the proposed enhanced standard of performance or other requirement; ‘‘(DD) shall be submitted, in writing, to the Governor of each Great Lakes State and the Di-rector of the Great Lakes National Program Of-fice and published on the internet website of the Great Lakes National Program Office; and ‘‘(EE) except as provided in clause (iii), shall not be taken into consideration, or provide a basis for review, by the Administrator or the Secretary for purposes of that clause. ‘‘(ii) P
ROPOSED ENHANCED STANDARDS AND RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— ‘‘(aa) R
EQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—Not earlier than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission receives from a Governor of a Great Lakes State a petition under clause (i)(II)(aa), the Governor may request the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office to publish, for a period requested by the Governor of not less than 30 days, and the Director shall so pub-lish, in the Federal Register for public com-ment— ‘‘(AA) a copy of the petition; and ‘‘(BB) if applicable as of the date of publica-tion, any preliminary assessment of the Great Lakes Commission developed under clause (i)(III) relating to the petition. ‘‘(bb) R
EVIEW OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—On re- ceipt of a written request of a Governor of a Great Lakes State, the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall make available all public comments received in re-sponse to the notice under item (aa). ‘‘(cc) N
O RESPONSE REQUIRED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a Governor of a Great Lakes State or the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall not be required to provide a response to any com-ment received in response to the publication of a petition or preliminary assessment under item (aa). ‘‘(dd) P
URPOSE .—Any public comments re-ceived in response to the publication of a peti-tion or preliminary assessment under item (aa) shall be used solely for the purpose of providing information and feedback to the Governor of each Great Lakes State regarding the decision to endorse the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(ee) E
FFECT OF PETITION .—A proposed stand-ard or requirement developed under subclause (II) may differ from the proposed standard or re-quirement described in a petition published under item (aa). ‘‘(II) C
OORDINATION TO DEVELOP PROPOSED  
STANDARD OR REQUIREMENT .—After the expira-tion of the public comment period for the peti-tion under subclause (I), any interested Gov-ernor of a Great Lakes State may work in co-ordination with the Great Lakes Commission to develop a proposed standard of performance or other requirement applicable to a discharge re-ferred to in the petition. ‘‘(III) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A proposed standard of performance or other requirement under sub-clause (II)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9643 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(aa) shall be developed— ‘‘(AA) in consultation with representatives from the Federal and provincial governments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) after notice and opportunity for public comment on the petition published under sub-clause (I); and ‘‘(CC) taking into consideration the prelimi-nary assessment, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III); ‘‘(bb) shall be specifically endorsed in writing by— ‘‘(AA) the Governor of each Great Lakes State, if the proposed standard or requirement would impose any additional equipment require-ment on a vessel; or ‘‘(BB) not fewer than 5 Governors of Great Lakes States, if the proposed standard or re-quirement would not impose any additional equipment requirement on a vessel; and ‘‘(cc) in the case of a proposed requirement to prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regulated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into waters within the Great Lakes Sys-tem, shall not apply outside the waters of the Great Lakes States of the Governors endorsing the proposed requirement under item (bb). ‘‘(iii) P
ROMULGATION BY ADMINISTRATOR AND  
SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) S
UBMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Governors endorsing a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may jointly submit to the Ad-ministrator and the Secretary for approval each proposed standard of performance or other re-quirement developed and endorsed pursuant to clause (ii). ‘‘(bb) I
NCLUSION .—Each submission under item (aa) shall include an explanation regarding why the applicable standard of performance or other requirement is— ‘‘(AA) at least as stringent as a comparable standard of performance or other requirement under this subsection; ‘‘(BB) in accordance with maritime safety; and ‘‘(CC) in accordance with applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations. ‘‘(cc) W
ITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of any Great Lakes State that endorses a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may withdraw the endorsement by not later than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Administrator and the Sec-retary receive the proposed standard or require-ment. ‘‘(BB) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL REVIEW .—If, after the withdrawal of an endorsement under subitem (AA), the proposed standard or require-ment does not have the applicable number of en-dorsements under clause (ii)(III)(bb), the Ad-ministrator and the Secretary shall terminate the review under this clause. ‘‘(dd) D
ISSENTING OPINIONS .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State that does not endorse a pro-posed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may submit to the Administrator and the Secretary any dissenting opinions of the Governor. ‘‘(II) J
OINT NOTICE .—On receipt of a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (I), the Administrator and the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a joint notice that, at minimum— ‘‘(aa) states that the proposed standard or re-quirement is publicly available; and ‘‘(bb) provides an opportunity for public com-ment regarding the proposed standard or re-quirement during the 90-day period beginning on the date of receipt by the Administrator and the Secretary of the proposed standard or re-quirement. ‘‘(III) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of publication of a joint notice under subclause (II)— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator shall commence a re-view of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement covered by the notice to de-termine whether that standard or requirement is at least as stringent as comparable standards and requirements under this subsection; and ‘‘(BB) the Secretary shall commence a review of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement covered by the notice to deter-mine whether that standard or requirement is in accordance with maritime safety and applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations. ‘‘(bb) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out item (aa), the Administrator and the Secretary— ‘‘(AA) shall consult with the Governor of each Great Lakes State and representatives from the Federal and provincial governments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) shall take into consideration any rel-evant data or public comments received under subclause (II)(bb); and ‘‘(CC) shall not take into consideration any preliminary assessment by the Great Lakes Com-mission under clause (i)(III), or any dissenting opinion under subclause (I)(dd), except to the extent that such an assessment or opinion is rel-evant to the criteria for the applicable deter-mination under item (aa). ‘‘(IV) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of each proposed standard of performance or other re-quirement under subclause (I), the Adminis-trator and the Secretary shall— ‘‘(aa) determine, as applicable, whether each proposed standard or other requirement satisfies the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); ‘‘(bb) approve each proposed standard or other requirement, unless the Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, determines under item (aa) that the proposed standard or other requirement does not satisfy the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); and ‘‘(cc) submit to the Governor of each Great Lakes State, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, a notice of the determination under item (aa). ‘‘(V) A
CTION ON DISAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(aa) R
ATIONALE AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—If the Administrator and the Secretary disapprove a proposed standard of performance or other re-quirement under subclause (IV)(bb), the notices under subclause (IV)(cc) shall include— ‘‘(AA) a description of the reasons why the standard or requirement is, as applicable, less stringent than a comparable standard or re-quirement under this subsection, inconsistent with maritime safety, or inconsistent with appli-cable maritime and navigation laws and regula-tions; and ‘‘(BB) any recommendations regarding changes the Governors of the Great Lakes States could make to conform the disapproved portion of the standard or requirement to the require-ments of this subparagraph. ‘‘(bb) R
EVIEW .—Disapproval of a proposed standard or requirement by the Administrator and the Secretary under this subparagraph shall be considered to be a final agency action subject to judicial review under section 509. ‘‘(VI) A
CTION ON APPROVAL .—On approval by the Administrator and the Secretary of a pro-posed standard of performance or other require-ment under subclause (IV)(bb)— ‘‘(aa) the Administrator shall establish, by regulation, the proposed standard or require-ment within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable standard or other requirement promulgated under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(bb) the Secretary shall establish, by regula-tion, any requirements necessary to implement, ensure compliance with, and enforce the stand-ard or requirement under item (aa), or to apply the proposed requirement, within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable require-ment promulgated under paragraph (5). ‘‘(VII) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW FOR CERTAIN AC -
TIONS .—An action or inaction of a Governor of a Great Lakes State or the Great Lakes Commis-sion under this subparagraph shall not be sub-ject to judicial review. ‘‘(VIII) G
REAT LAKES COMPACT .—Nothing in this subsection limits, alters, or amends the Great Lakes Compact to which Congress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(IX) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Great Lakes Commission $5,000,000, to be avail-able until expended. ‘‘(C) M
INIMUM PACIFIC REGION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIAL VESSEL .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘commercial vessel’ means a vessel operating between— ‘‘(I) 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Region; or ‘‘(II) a port or place of destination within the Pacific Region and a port or place of destina-tion on the Pacific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of parallel 20 degrees north latitude, in-clusive of the Gulf of California. ‘‘(ii) B
ALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or oper-ator of a commercial vessel shall conduct a com-plete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. ‘‘(II) E
XEMPTIONS .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) using, in compliance with applicable re-quirements, a type-approved ballast water man-agement system approved by the Secretary; or ‘‘(bb) voyaging— ‘‘(AA) between or to a port or place of des-tination in the State of Washington, if the bal-last water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from waters located be-tween the parallel 46 degrees north latitude, in-cluding the internal waters of the Columbia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca; ‘‘(BB) between ports or places of destination in the State of Oregon, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel origi-nated solely from waters located between the parallel 40 degrees north latitude and the par-allel 50 degrees north latitude; ‘‘(CC) between ports or places of destination in the State of California within the San Fran-cisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, including the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if the ballast water to be dis-charged from the commercial vessel originated solely from ports or places within that area; ‘‘(DD) between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo off-shore marine oil terminal, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel origi-nated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal; ‘‘(EE) between a port or place of destination in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(FF) between ports or places of destination in different counties of the State of Hawaii, if the vessel may conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters that are more than 10 nau-tical miles from shore and at least 200 meters deep; or ‘‘(GG) between ports or places of destination within the same county of the State of Hawaii, if the vessel does not transit outside State ma-rine waters during the voyage. ‘‘(iii) L
OW-SALINITY BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or oper-ator of a commercial vessel that transports bal-last water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand and voyages to a Pacific Region port or place of des-tination with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange— ‘‘(aa) not less than 50 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was sourced from a Pacific Region port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) more than 200 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pa-cific Region port or place of destination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9644 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(II) E XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel voyaging to a port or place of destination in the Pacific Region that is using, in compliance with applicable re-quirements, a type-approved ballast water man-agement system approved by the Secretary to achieve standards of performance of— ‘‘(aa) less than 1 organism per 10 cubic meters, if that organism— ‘‘(AA) is living, or has not been rendered non-viable; and ‘‘(BB) is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; ‘‘(bb) less than 1 organism per 10 milliliters, if that organism— ‘‘(AA) is living, or has not been rendered non-viable; and ‘‘(BB) is more than 10, but less than 50, mi-crometers in minimum dimension; ‘‘(cc) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— ‘‘(AA) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoolog-ical samples; ‘‘(BB) 126 colony-forming units of escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and ‘‘(CC) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and ‘‘(dd) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and viruses as may be specified in the standards of performance established by the Administrator under paragraph (4). ‘‘(iv) G
ENERAL EXCEPTIONS .—The requirements of clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to a com-mercial vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with the requirement would compromise the safety of the commercial vessel; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the commercial ves-sel prevent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii), as applicable; ‘‘(III) the commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to those requirements; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the commercial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to those requirements. ‘‘(D) E
STABLISHMENT OF STATE NO -DISCHARGE  
ZONES .— ‘‘(i) S
TATE PROHIBITION .—Subject to clause (ii), after the effective date of regulations pro-mulgated by the Secretary under paragraph (5), if any State determines that the protection and enhancement of the quality of some or all of the waters within the State require greater environ-mental protection, the State may prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regulated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into such waters. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—A prohibition by a State under clause (i) shall not apply until the date on which the Administrator makes the applica-ble determinations described in clause (iii). ‘‘(iii) P
ROHIBITION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(I) D
ETERMINATION .—On application of a State, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to subclause (II)), shall, by regulation, prohibit the discharge from a ves-sel of 1 or more discharges subject to regulation under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into the waters covered by the applica-tion if the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(aa) prohibition of the discharge would pro-tect and enhance the quality of the specified waters within the State; ‘‘(bb) adequate facilities for the safe and sani-tary removal and treatment of the discharge are reasonably available for the water and all ves-sels to which the prohibition would apply; ‘‘(cc) the discharge can be safely collected and stored until a vessel reaches a discharge facility or other location; and ‘‘(dd) in the case of an application for the prohibition of discharges of ballast water in a port (or in any other location where cargo, pas-sengers, or fuel are loaded and unloaded)— ‘‘(AA) the adequate facilities described in item (bb) are reasonably available for commercial vessels, after considering, at a minimum, water depth, dock size, pumpout facility capacity and flow rate, availability of year-round operations, proximity to navigation routes, and the ratio of pumpout facilities to the population and dis-charge capacity of commercial vessels operating in those waters; and ‘‘(BB) the prohibition will not unreasonably interfere with the safe loading and unloading of cargo, passengers, or fuel. ‘‘(II) CONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(aa) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall sub-mit to the Secretary a request for written con-currence with respect to a prohibition under subclause (I). ‘‘(bb) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A fail- ure by the Secretary to concur with the Admin-istrator under subclause (I) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Adminis-trator submits a request for concurrence under item (aa) shall not prevent the Administrator from prohibiting the relevant discharge in ac-cordance with subclause (III), subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the promulga-tion— ‘‘(AA) documentation of the request submitted under item (aa); and ‘‘(BB) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Sec-retary relating to the proposed standard of per-formance during the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(III) T
IMING .—The Administrator shall ap-prove or disapprove an application submitted under subclause (I) by not later than 90 days after the date on which the application is sub-mitted to the Administrator. ‘‘(E) M
AINTENANCE IN EFFECT OF MORE -STRIN -
GENT STANDARDS .—In any case in which a re-quirement established under this paragraph is more stringent or environmentally protective than a comparable requirement established under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), the more-strin-gent or more-protective requirement shall con-trol.’’. (2) R
EPEALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the following pro-visions of law are repealed: (i) Section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711). (ii) Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1102 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Preven-tion and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712) is amended— (i) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘(as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(b)’’; and (ii) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(c)’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS FOR USE OF MARINE POLLU -
TION CONTROL DEVICES .—Section 312 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘For the purpose of’’ in subsection (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 312. MARINE SANITATION DEVICES; DIS-CHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NOR-MAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘devices or of vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘devices, marine pollu-tion control device equipment, or vessels’’; and (B) in paragraph (13), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, except as pro-vided in subsection (p),’’ after ‘‘means’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or marine pollution control device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanitation de-vice’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘test de-vice’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘the de-vice’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in the fourth sentence, by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘device’’ each place it ap-pears; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ma-rine pollution control device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanitation device’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or any cer-tified marine pollution control device equipment or element of design of such equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respec-tively, and indenting the subparagraphs appro-priately; (D) by striking ‘‘(h) After’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) SALE AND RESALE OF PROPERLY  E
QUIPPED VESSELS ; OPERABILITY OF CERTIFIED  M
ARINE SANITATION DEVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), after’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection requires certification of a marine pol-lution control device for use on any vessel of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 312(k) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(k)) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) S
TATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This section may be en-forced by a State or political subdivision of a State (including the attorney general of a State), including by filing a civil action in an appropriate Federal district court to enforce any violation of subsection (p). ‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The appropriate Federal district court shall have jurisdiction with re-spect to a civil action filed pursuant to subpara-graph (A), without regard to the amount in con-troversy or the citizenship of the parties— ‘‘(i) to enforce the requirements of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) to apply appropriate civil penalties under this section or section 309(d), as appropriate.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(k) The provisions of this’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(k) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—This section shall be enforced by the Administrator, to the extent pro-vided in section 309. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This’’; and (C) in paragraph (2) (as so designated)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘oper-ating and he may utilize by agreement’’ and in-serting ‘‘operating, who may use, by agree-ment’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NSPECTIONS .—For purposes of ensuring compliance with this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may carry out an inspection (including the taking of ballast water samples) of any ves-sel at any time; and ‘‘(ii) shall— ‘‘(I) establish procedures for— ‘‘(aa) reporting violations of this section; and ‘‘(bb) accumulating evidence regarding those violations; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9645 November 27, 2018 
‘‘(II) use appropriate and practicable meas-ures of detection and environmental monitoring of vessels. ‘‘(C) D
ETENTION .—The Secretary may detain a vessel if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has reasonable cause to believe that the vessel— ‘‘(I) has failed to comply with an applicable requirement of this section; or ‘‘(II) is being operated in violation of such a requirement; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary provides to the owner or operator of the vessel a notice of the intent to detain.’’. (2) P
RESERVATION OF FEDERAL ENFORCEMENT  
AUTHORITY .—Section 309 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1319) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘318’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (C) in subsection (d), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘State,,’’ and inserting ‘‘State,’’; and (D) in subsection (g)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’. (3) P
RESERVATION OF PUBLIC ENFORCEMENT  
AUTHORITY .—Section 505(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1365(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘(5) certification’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) a standard of per-formance or requirement under section 312(p); (6) a certification under section 401; (7) a permit or condition of a permit issued under section 402 that is in effect under this Act (including a re-quirement applicable by reason of section 313); or (8) a regulation under section 405(d).’’. (4) R
EVIEW .—Section 509(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1369(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
ISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OP -
ERATION OF VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), any interested person may file a petition for review of a final agency action under section 312(p) of the Administrator or the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating in accordance with the re-quirements of this subsection. ‘‘(B) V
ENUE EXCEPTION .—Subject to section 312(p)(7)(C)(v), a petition for review of a final agency action under section 312(p) of the Ad-ministrator or the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may be filed only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.’’. (d) L
OGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) when a vessel fails to carry out ballast water management requirements as applicable and pursuant to regulations promulgated by the Secretary, including when the vessel fails to carry out ballast water management require-ments due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement regarding the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure oc-curred, made immediately after the failure, when practicable to do so.’’. (e) Q
UAGGA MUSSEL .—Section 42(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘of the quagga mussel of the species Dreissena rostriformis or Dreissena bugensis;’’ after ‘‘Dreissena polymorpha;’’. (f) C
OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES MITI-
GATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION  F
UND.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in section 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-ty’’ means— (i) a State; (ii) a unit of local government; (iii) an Indian Tribe; (iv) a nongovernmental organization; and (v) an institution of higher education. (C) EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Exclu-sive Economic Zone of the United States, as es-tablished by Presidential Proclamation 5030, dated March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Founda-tion established by section 2(a) of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established by paragraph (3)(A). (F) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program established under paragraph (2)(A). (G) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (2) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and the Foundation shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program’’, under which the Secretary and the Foundation shall award grants to eligible entities in accordance with this paragraph. (B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Program are— (i) to improve the understanding, prevention, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in— (I) the coastal zone; and (II) the Exclusive Economic Zone; (ii) to support the prevention and mitigation of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone; and (iii) to support the restoration of Pacific Is-land habitats, marine, estuarine, and Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are impacted by aquatic invasive species. (C) U
SE OF GRANTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, including an activity— (I) to develop and implement procedures and programs, including permissible State ballast water inspection programs, to prevent, detect, control, mitigate, and rapidly or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particu-larly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (II) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (III) to develop new shipboard and land-based ballast water treatment system technologies and performance standards to prevent the introduc-tion of aquatic invasive species; (IV) to develop mitigation measures to protect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (V) to develop mitigation measures to protect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric infrastruc-ture, from aquatic invasive species. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (D) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish the following: (i) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (ii) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program, including a requirement for consultation with— (I) the Secretary of the Interior; and (II) the Administrator. (iii) Performance accountability and moni-toring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. (iv) Procedures and methods to ensure accu-rate accounting and appropriate administration of grants awarded under the Program, including standards of recordkeeping. (E) MATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity that receives a grant under the Program shall provide, in cash or through in-kind con-tributions from non-Federal sources, matching funds to carry out the activities funded by the grant in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the cost of the activities. (F) F
UNDING .—The Secretary and the Foun-dation are authorized to use the amounts avail-able in the Fund to award grants under the Program. (3) M
ITIGATION FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’, consisting of such amounts as are appropriated or credited to the Fund in accordance with this paragraph or sec-tion 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (B) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .— (i) A
PPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund, for each fiscal year, an amount equal to the amount of penalties assessed for violations of subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) during the pre-ceding fiscal year. (ii) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION .—In addition to the amounts transferred to the Fund under clause (i), there is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $5,000,000 for each fiscal year. (C) U
SE OF FUND .—Subject to appropriations, the amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary and the Foundation to award grants under the Program. (g) G
REAT LAKES AND LAKE CHAMPLAIN  I
NVASIVE SPECIES PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. (B) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ has the meaning given that term in subsection (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (C) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Great Lakes National Pro-gram Office established by section 118(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(b)). (D) G
REAT LAKES AND LAKE CHAMPLAIN SYS -
TEMS.—The term ‘‘Great Lakes and Lake Cham-plain Systems’’ includes— (i) Lake Champlain; and (ii) all bodies of water (including wetlands) within— (I) the Great Lakes System (as defined in sec-tion 118(a)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3))); or (II) the Lake Champlain drainage basin (as defined in section 120(g) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1270(g))). (E) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Invasive Species Program established under paragraph (2)(A). (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish within the Great Lakes National Pro-gram Office a program, to be known as the ‘‘Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Invasive Species Program’’— (i) in collaboration with— (I) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (II) the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (III) the Director of the United States Geologi-cal Survey; and (IV) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating; and (ii) in consultation with— (I) the head of Great Lakes Aquatic Non-indigenous Species Information System of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9646 November 27, 2018 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion; and (II) the head of Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Program shall be— (i) to monitor for the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species into or within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (ii) to detect newly introduced aquatic nui-sance species prior to the establishment of the aquatic nuisance species in the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (iii) to inform, and assist with, management and response actions to prevent or stop the es-tablishment or spread of an aquatic nuisance species; (iv) to establish a watch list of candidate aquatic nuisance species that may be introduced or spread, and that may survive and establish, within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (v) to monitor vectors likely to be contributing to the introduction or spread of aquatic nui-sance species, including ballast water oper-ations; (vi) to work collaboratively with the Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies to develop cri-teria for prioritizing and distributing monitoring efforts; (vii) to develop, achieve type approval for, and pilot shipboard or land-based ballast water management systems installed on, or available for use by, commercial vessels operating solely within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems to prevent the spread of aquatic nui-sance species populations within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; and (viii) to facilitate meaningful Federal and State implementation of the regulatory frame-work in this subsection, including monitoring, shipboard education, inspection, and compli-ance conducted by States. (3) M
ETHODOLOGY .—The Program shall seek— (A) to build on— (i) existing aquatic nuisance species moni-toring efforts; and (ii) efforts to develop criteria for prioritizing and distributing monitoring efforts, geographi-cally and among taxa, in the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (B) to advance early detection and moni-toring, and capacity to control the establish-ment and spread, of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (C) to identify opportunities to interdict the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species through sound science and technological advancements; (D) to assess the risk of aquatic nuisance spe-cies introduction and spread via the range of vectors active within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (E) to advance the development of type-ap-proved ballast water management system (as de-fined in subsection (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) equipment for commercial, non-seagoing vessels that operate solely within the Great Lakes System (as defined in section 118(a)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3))); (F) to immediately make available to the pub-lic information regarding— (i) the detection of new aquatic nuisance spe-cies within the Great Lakes and Lake Cham-plain Systems; or (ii) the spread of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (G) to annually submit to appropriate individ-uals and entities in each affected region a re-port describing the findings and activities of the Program; (H) to identify roles and responsibilities of Federal agencies in aquatic nuisance species monitoring and response; and (I) to provide resource assistance to States im-plementing State-level programs to enter into partnerships with Federal agencies in enforcing the requirements under subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (4) COLLABORATION .—In carrying out and de-veloping the Program, the Director shall col-laborate with— (A) applicable Federal, State, local, and Trib-al agencies; and (B) such other research entities or stake-holders as the Director determines to be appro-priate. (5) D
ATA AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall— (A) make the data collected under the Pro-gram available on a publicly accessible internet website, including in an annual summary re-port; and (B) in coordination with the entities identified under paragraph (4), develop communication and notification protocols for the purpose of communicating the range of aquatic nuisance species and any identification of a new aquatic nuisance species introduced to the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems. (6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Director shall submit to Congress a re-port summarizing the outcomes of activities car-ried out under the Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a description of activities carried out under the Program, including an explanation of how those activities help to achieve the purposes de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B); (ii) an analysis of Federal, State, and local ef-forts to enhance multidisciplinary approaches to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (iii) recommendations relating to activities that would contribute to achievement of the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); and (iv) recommendations to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Program. (7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Program $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) Section 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) B
ALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title shall submit to the Na-tional Ballast Information Clearinghouse, by not later than 6 hours after the arrival of the vessel at a United States port or place of des-tination, the ballast water management report form approved by the Office of Management and Budget numbered OMB 1625–0069 (or a successor form), unless the vessel is operating exclusively on a voyage between ports or places within con-tiguous portions of a single Captain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE DISCHARGES .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title may sub-mit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port or place of destination during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCE REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title to submit directly to the State, or to an appropriate regional forum, a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destination in the State, if the voyage of the vessel is antici-pated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of de-parture, if the voyage of the vessel to the United States port or place of destination is not antici-pated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) VESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATES .—On receipt of a ballast water management report under para-graph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of a form submitted electroni-cally, immediately disseminate the report to in-terested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a form submitted by means other than electronically, disseminate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY TO PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall make the data in the report fully and readily available to the public in a searchable and fully retrievable electronic format. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under this para-graph shall synthesize and analyze the data de-scribed in paragraph (1) for the preceding 2-year period to evaluate nationwide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(i) ballast water delivery and management; and ‘‘(ii) invasions of aquatic nuisance species re-sulting from ballast water. ‘‘(C) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall pre-pare each report under this paragraph in con-sultation and cooperation with— ‘‘(i) the Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Re-search Center). ‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) submit each report under this paragraph to— ‘‘(I) the Task Force; ‘‘(II) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(III) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(ii) make each report available to the public. ‘‘(5) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish a working group, including members from the National Ballast In-formation Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs, to establish a process for compiling and readily sharing Fed-eral and State commercial vessel reporting and enforcement data regarding compliance with this Act.’’. (2) Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended— (A) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Compli-ance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF COMPLIANCE .—Compliance’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Noth-ing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
FFECT OF TITLE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), nothing’’; (C) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘All ac-tions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONSISTENCY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  L
AWS.—All actions’’; and (D) in subsection (b) (as so designated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, including any discharge of ballast water (as those terms are defined in subsections (a) and (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)), shall be regulated in accord-ance with that section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9647 November 27, 2018 
TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 1001. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDRO-GRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Administra-tion—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Administration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the para-graph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the para-graph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use in the Arctic— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses nec-essary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coastal change; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to subsistence and coastal communities associated with in-creased international maritime traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to acquire hydrographic data and provide hydrographic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Continental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts authorized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administrative costs associated with contract management.’’. 
SEC. 1002. SYSTEM FOR TRACKING AND REPORT-ING ALL-INCLUSIVE COST OF HY-DROGRAPHIC SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Commerce shall— (1) develop and implement a system to track and report the full cost to the Department of Commerce of hydrographic data collection, in-cluding costs relating to vessel acquisition, ves-sel repair, and administration of contracts to procure data; (2) evaluate measures for comparing cost per unit effort in addition to measures of cost per nautical square mile; and (3) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on which ad-ditional measures for comparing cost per unit ef-fort the Secretary intends to use and the ration-ale for such use. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY FOR IN-
CREASED CONTRACTING WITH NONGOVERN -
MENTAL ENTITIES FOR HYDROGRAPHIC DATA COLLECTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the ac-tivities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy for how the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will increase contracting with nongovernmental en-tities for hydrographic data collection in a man-ner that is consistent with the requirements of the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (Public Law 111–11; 33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
SEC. 1003. HOMEPORT OF CERTAIN RESEARCH VESSELS. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Commerce may accept non-Federal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facility, including obtaining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be nec-essary to facilitate the homeporting of the R/V FAIRWEATHER in accordance with title II of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 775) at a location that during such home-porting shall be under the administrative juris-diction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a strategic plan for implementing sub-section (a). (c) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may accept non-Federal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facil-ity, including obtaining such cost estimates, de-signs, and permits as may be necessary to facili-tate the homeporting of a new, existing, or reac-tivated research vessel in the city of St. Peters-burg, Florida, at a location that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (d) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for construction or acquisition of the facilities needed to allow for an oceanographic research vessel to be homeported in St. Petersburg, Florida. The stra-tegic plan shall include an estimate of funding needed to construct such facilities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on S. 140. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to come to the floor tonight, not only with another Coast Guard reauthoriza-tion bill, but it will be the last bill I will pass and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure will pass, as my chairmanship expires and I leave Congress here at the end of the year. So it is a proud moment for me. I am especially proud that S. 140 was named the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. This is a product of bicameral and bi-partisan efforts. The Coast Guard is an armed service with a very difficult mis-sion: to enforce all Federal laws on, under, and over the high seas in the ju-risdiction of the United States. This bill supports the Coast Guard and its servicemembers by authorizing funding for fiscal year 2018 and 2019. The legislation includes three bills reported from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee: the Coast Guard Improvement Reform Act of 2017; the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017; and the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017. The bill promotes commercial and recreational vessel safety, protects the environment, modernizes Coast Guard administration laws, and provides pro-tection for American business in regard to foreign shipping alliances. b1815 Once again, it authorizes a heavy ice-breaker to be purchased by the Coast Guard. We just hope the appropriators find the funding to do that for a much- needed icebreaker. The bill is named for our colleague, FRANK LOBIONDO , who previously served as chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee during five different Congresses. His leader-ship on the subcommittee translated into many legislative victories for the Coast Guard and their hardworking Coast Guard members. So it is abso-lutely fitting to name this after F
RANK  L
OBIONDO . Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Reauthorization Act by voting ‘‘yes’’ on S. 140, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of S. 140, legislation that we have been somewhat patiently waiting for the Senate to move on for over a year. This legislation incorporates three different bills passed and reported by the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee last year: H.R. 2518, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017; H.R. 1726, the Coast Guard Improvement and Reform Act; and H.R. 2593, the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act. This is going to provide both positive improvements in maritime policy, help with the competitiveness of the U.S. maritime industry, and it is going to be of substantial assistance to the Coast Guard. There are issues where we had some disagreement. It is not a per-fect bill, but I am pleased to support it, and I urge all Members to support it. I am particularly pleased with the 2- year authorized funding levels for the Coast Guard. It has been hurt over a number of years. Their budget has been too thin, and cuts imposed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.022 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9648 November 27, 2018 
Budget Control Act have been harmful. So this is a reasonable—not optimal— funding level, but it will meet both the acquisition and operational needs, and the Appropriations Committee will have the capability of meeting the tar-gets we have set. It would have a rigorous new process before the Coast Guard can perma-nently close any air facility it oper-ates. In my home State of Oregon there was a rather sudden announcement of a closure of an air facility in the mid- coast, Newport, in Representative S
CHRADER ’s district. The waters of the Pacific are extraordinarily cold year- round. Survival times are not long, and we were putting mariners—both rec-reational, commercial, and others—at risk. So we have now imposed a new process. There will have to be an exten-sive public review justification, and then Congress will also have time to review, evaluate, and, if necessary, re-ject future proposed closures. I also support a provision in the bill that will allow certificates of docu-mentation to be renewed on a multiyear basis. The Coast Guard has had a backlog forever on certificates of documentation, and they are annual. The rationale has been, well, we need to know your home port every year. We are going to have a process where you can get a 5-year certificate, and then if you change your home port, you have to report it within a certain number of days to the Coast Guard. That solves that issue. There was a long-discussed provision that was very controversial on the Sen-ate side on the Vessel Incidental Dis-charge Act. We came up with a com-promise. Again, I don’t know that it is optimal, but we can live with it. It sets strict technological standards for ves-sel discharges under the Clean Water Act to protect local waters, minimizing the introduction and spread of aquatic invasive species to where it was becom-ing an incredibly expensive and dif-ficult problem. We don’t need to spread anymore. It establishes a uniform na-tional standard for ballast water treat-ment that will be developed both by the EPA and the Coast Guard to aid commercial carriers in movement of goods by providing regulatory cer-tainty throughout the United States. It retains a significant role for individual States and citizens to protect their local waters, which has been a critical sticking point in prior efforts to pass this measure. So under this proposal, States are guaranteed the ability to co-enforce and oversee implementation of the ves-sel discharge program, petition the EPA and Coast Guard to strengthen ballast discharge standard, should technologies that are more stringent become commercially available, and call for the establishment of no dis-charge zones in important and sen-sitive State waters, similar to those currently available for marine sewage. That, again, was not necessarily opti-mal, but I think it is workable and pro-tects the interests of the State and our precious resources. I want to acknowledge the chairman and thank him. This will be the last bill he manages on the floor. He has imposed regular order on the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee with the water resources development bills, the first long-term FAA bill in three decades, and now an excellent Coast Guard authorization in addition to other products. I would like to also thank my rank-ing member—soon, perhaps, depending on where he decides to go—chairman of this subcommittee for his contribu-tions. This is the third time that J
OHN G
ARAMENDI has worked with the Re-publicans to deliver a good Coast Guard bill during his tenure. So, all in all, this is a strangely productive day for the House of Representatives, and I am proud to be here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST), who is the chairman of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Subcommittee. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time to speak in support of this act named after our friend, F
RANK LOBIONDO . I thank the gentleman also for his time as chairman of the full committee. As a Representative of Florida, the State with the second largest coastline in the country, I do have a profound re-spect for the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard, and as a veteran as well. It has been an honor to work on such a bipartisan committee, which likewise has been filled with members who support the Coast Guard across a diverse set of evolving mission sets. Every hour of every day the Coast Guard protects America’s waterways. They promote a healthy environment, they ensure the safety of mariners, they enforce our laws, they keep us safe from piracy, and they keep us safe from smugglers. Day in and day out I have had the op-portunity to see some of their work firsthand. Recently I met with a search and rescue team in Pollocksville, North Carolina, as they worked tire-lessly on behalf of communities im-pacted by Hurricane Florence. I see my local Coasties in places like Fort Pierce. I see them saving mariners young and old, those lost at sea. There is no doubt that their selfless heroism and their decisive work saved many lives in the Carolinas, just as it did in Florida’s Panhandle after Michael and across the Nation, wherever disaster befalls us. I am proud to support this bill, which also authorizes $10.6 billion to strengthen and support the U.S. Coast Guard in its invaluable defense of our waterways and of our homeland. I am especially glad to see the inclu-sion of my bill, the Jupiter Island Land Transfer Act. This provision will fi-nally resolve a decades-old conserva-tion issue in my district and transfer four critical acres of unused Coast Guard property to the Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge to ensure the en-dangered turtles will continue to thrive. By protecting this land, we are doing our part to help ensure that the natural beauty of the Treasure Coast is maintained and continues to be the driver of our economy for many dec-ades to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the brave and hardworking men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard and their indispen-sable work by supporting the FRANK  L
OBIONDO Coast Guard Authorization Act. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ), who is the ranking member. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I will make this very brief. I know we are up against the clock here. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S
HUSTER so very much for chairing the committee during my tenure on it and Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO, also, for his leadership. I want to also express my appreciation to the new chair, as well as the previous chair of the subcommittee, Mr. H
UNTER , with whom I was able to work over the last 3 years. Essentially, this is a good bill. It cov-ers the things that the Coast Guard needs. It increases their funding to a level that is necessary. The title of the bill is proper. We all thank Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO for his many years of service. There are a couple of things about the bill that I do want to speak to, and that is we have in the bill a backup system for the GPS that we so much rely upon now. It is finally going to get into the legislation. We also move for-ward with Blue Technologies and the autonomous, both air and underwater, vehicles that are going to be necessary for the Coast Guard to fully carry out its responsibilities. Beyond that there are some things in the bill that are a compromise. I want to point one out that is very impor-tant, and that is section 834 to which I continue to object. This is a bill that actually allows for an aged wooden ship to ply the waters of the Mis-sissippi. The Coast Guard correctly states that this vessel, constructed pri-marily of wood, and operating the over-night passenger trade, presents an un-acceptable fire risk to its passengers and crew, and, accordingly, the Coast Guard is opposed to this particular sec-tion. It is unfortunate that is in the bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  two letters, one from the Department of Homeland Security and another one from the National Volunteer Fire Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.044 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9649 November 27, 2018 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  L
EGISLATIVE AFFAIRS , U.S. D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  S
ECURITY , Washington, DC, June 28, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE SHUSTER : This let- ter sets forth Department of Homeland Secu-rity (DHS) views with regard to S. 89, a bill ‘‘[t]o amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the ves-sels that are not constructed of fire-retard-ant materials and for other purposes.’’ Notwithstanding the form in which S. 89 is drafted, only one vessel, the Steamer DELTA QUEEN, would be eligible for the exemption. Because of the advanced age, construction, and configuration of the Steamer DELTA QUEEN, the vessel represents an unaccept-able degree of fire safety risk to its pas-sengers and crew. Given the risk that a ma-rine casualty aboard the Steamer DELTA QUEEN poses to life, property, and infra-structure, the DHS must oppose S. 89. Background: The Steamer DELTA QUEEN is a 20th cen-tury vessel, the superstructure of which is constructed of wood. The vessel’s boilers are original and open directly to the wood super-structure. Uniquely, the vessel’s configura-tion has been altered such that the sole means of egress is the stage (gangway) on the bow. In 1966, Congress stipulated that, ‘‘no pas-senger vessel of the United States . . . shall be granted a certificate of inspection . . . un-less the vessel is constructed of fire-retard-ant materials (emphasis added).’’ During the ensuing decades, Congress temporarily de-layed the effect of the mandate as it would apply to the Steamer DELTA QUEEN five separate times. Finally, in 2008, the tem-porary delay expired, and the mandate was made applicable to the Steamer DELTA QUEEN. S. 89 would, once again, render the man-date inapplicable with regard to the Steamer DELTA QUEEN, provided that the vessel’s owner or operator makes structural alter-ations to those portions of the vessel that are not constructed of fire-retardant mate-rials. Discussion: The prospect of fire aboard the Steamer DELTA QUEEN while underway cannot be readily dismissed. In 2008, the United States Coast Guard’s Traveling Inspector who was attending the vessel for examination noted ‘‘evidence of a lack of both short- and long- term maintenance that adversely impacts the safety of the vessel . . . [a]ll [of which has] to do with unintended or excess but un-necessary fireload [sic] (emphasis added).’’ The fire load was concentrated in the lower decks (i.e., the fire room, other mechanical areas, and the bilge, as well as in other non- public spaces that, at the time, were bare- wood compartments with no fire-rated insu-lation or finish). This fact is significant inas-much as the most likely source of ignition would be the approximately 100-year-old boilers. The boilers’ footprint (height) is not wholly contained within the steel hull; as such, the boilers open directly to the aged and dry wood superstructure. Given that the vessel itself is not divided by thermal and structural boundaries, a fire within any one compartment could readily spread hori-zontally and vertically. In a worst-case sce-nario, a fire would begin in the boilers, over-whelm the vessel’s fire suppression system, and spread throughout the whole of lower deck and into the berths and staterooms that sit atop the lower decks. If so, the planned evacuation would be hampered, if not precluded, because the only egress in the present (and not original) configuration is via the stage (gangway) on the bow, directly through the likely location of the fire. And if the vessel’s propulsion system too were to fail during this scenario, the vessel could pose a threat to other vessels and improve-ments on or above the navigable waters. Separately, DHS notes that 46 U.S.C. §3503(b)(1)(D) requires the vessel’s owner/op-erator to ‘‘notify the Coast Guard of struc-tural alterations to the vessel, and with re-gard to those alterations comply with any noncombustible material requirements that the Coast Guard prescribes for non-public spaces.’’ However, as late as 2008, the Trav-eling Inspector noted that: Renovations, modifications[,] and or up-grades . . . were found to be limited to those associated with the installed sprinkler sys-tem only. Based on a review of Coast Guard records . . . there is no evidence of further modifications or structural fire protections upgrades since 1998 with most activity taper-ing off after 9/11/2001. Some existing non-pub-lic spaces, like the carpenter’s shop[,] have been improved by cleaning and organizing, which helps reduce the fire load. Other non- public spaces, such as the laundry room[,] still only show bare wood construction with varying degrees of stainless steel similar to the galley, but as indicated, the installations are not consistent throughout with fire rat-ing unknown. The Coast Guard advises that, if it were to inspect the Steamer DELTA QUEEN today, those non-public spaces would likely still be found wanting. Additionally, S. 89 includes a provision whereby passenger vessels having berth or stateroom accommodations for at least 50 passengers shall only be granted a certificate of inspection if, among other things, the ves-sel has multiple forms of egress off the ves-sel’s bow and stern. While multiple forms of egress would be beneficial for the Steamer DELTA QUEEN during the period while she is exercising the proposed legislative exemp-tion of S. 89, the implementation of a new standard would likely result in an unsub-stantiated financial burden for the remain-der of the passenger vessel industry not equipped with multiple forms of egress. Spe-cifically, those vessels presently meeting the fire retardant requirements are not required, under current regulations, to meet a stand-ard for multiple forms of egress off the bow and stern. If S. 89 is enacted those vessel owners and operators of presently compliant vessels, with only one form of egress, will incur costs associated with securing multiple forms of egress. Such costs will be borne with no identified benefit; all while the ves-sel that would benefit from multiple forms of egress, the Steamer DELTA QUEEN would continue to benefit from an exemption to the new standard. Lastly, the DHS notes that S. 89 does not require the owner/operator to install thermal and structural boundaries, particularly about the boilers, and does not carry a mone-tary or non-monetary penalty for failure to comply with the proposed subparagraph (D) requirement. Given this infirmity, and in light of the lack of past compliance or im-provements, DHS is not persuaded that al-lowing incremental alterations of some per-centage of the vessel represents a viable so-lution. In light of the aforementioned, DHS is re-signed to oppose continuously any legisla-tion that would provide any form of statu-tory relief for the Steamer DELTA QUEEN. The Office of Management and Budget ad-vises that, from the standpoint of the Ad-ministration’s program, there is no objection to the presentation of this letter to Con-gress. I appreciate your interest in the Adminis-tration’s concerns and input, and I look for-ward to working with you on future home-land security issues. An identical letter has been sent to Representative DeFazio, Sen-ator Thune, and Senator Nelson. If I may be of further assistance, please contact me. Respectfully, B
ENJAMIN CASSIDY , Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs. 
NATIONAL VOLUNTEER FIRECOUNCIL  November 19, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. Hon. B
RIAN MAST, Chairman, Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Subcommittee, Washington, DC. Honorable Peter Defazio, Ranking Member, House Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. Honorable John Garamendi, Ranking Member, Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER , RANKING MEM-
BERDEFAZIO, CHAIRMAN MAST, ANDRANKING  M
EMBER GARAMENDI : On behalf of the Na-tional Volunteer Fire Council (NVFC), which represents the interests of the nation’s vol-unteer fire, EMS, and rescue services, I am writing in opposition to a provision that was included in S. 140, legislation reauthorizing the U.S. Coast Guard, to exempt from fire safety standards certain historical vessels wishing to operate as cruise ships providing overnight accommodations to passengers. As the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) stated last year in opposing this provision: ‘‘The use of wood construction, even when supplemented by other fire safety measures, has failed time and again to pro-vide an acceptable level of safety for United States citizens carried on board ships.’’ Fire safety standards have a proven track record of saving lives. Our members see this every day responding to fires in structures with and without modern fire safety protections. Fires occurring in updated structures are far less likely to kill or injure occupants and re-sponders. One of the greatest challenges that fire safety advocates face is the belief that many people have that fire will never happen to them. The widespread adoption and enforce-ment of fire safety standards has led to a sig-nificant decrease in the number of fires, fire- related deaths, and fire-related injuries in vessels and structures in the United States, in spite of the fact that the general public underestimates the risk posed by fire. I am concerned not only that the fire safety ex-emption in S. 140 will endanger the lives of the passengers and crew members aboard his-torical vessels, but also for the dangerous precedent that it sets. If you have any questions regarding this communication please contact Dave Finger, Chief of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs. Sincerely, K
EVIN D. Q UINN, Chair. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. With that, I think I have consumed all the time allowed. I will simply close in this way: All in all this is our third effort to success-fully pass legislation. I see the major-ity counsel over there. I thank J
OHNso very much for working with us. And on the minority side D
AVID is an extraor-dinary individual. It has been a pleas-ure working with him on this, the third 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.028 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9650 November 27, 2018 
successful passage of the Coast Guard reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my Chairman on the Transportation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, Congressman B
ILLSHUSTER , and my Ranking Democrat Member on the Transpor-tation Committee, Congressman P
ETER DEFA-
ZIO, to endorse and support S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. The Coast Guard is a special Federal agen-cy, one that is selfless in service and highly proficient in its work. Ironically, the Coast Guard also is an agency that is over-worked, under-resourced, and rarely given the thanks that the men and women of the Coast Guard so rightly deserve. Today, with the passage of this legislation, we can say that we are at last stepping up and authorizing funding levels commensurate with the many demands we ask our Coast Guard to undertake. The 2.6 percent in-creases for both fiscal years 2018 and 2019 will go far to address the deferred needs of the Coast Guard. This stands in sharp contrast to the folly of the Trump administration’s skinny budget for Fiscal Year 2017 that actually sought to cut Coast Guard funding by $1.3 billion—a gross mistake if there ever was one. In general, I applaud Chairman S
HUSTER  and his staff, and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and his staff, for their cooperative and colle-gial, yet determined, negotiations with the other body to arrive at a final bill that ad-vances or clarifies several maritime policy ini-tiatives, improves Coast Guard administration and management, and enhances Coast Guard mission readiness and capabilities. I am particularly pleased that this legislation advances the Coast Guard’s future use of new technologies to improve maritime safety and security and maritime domain awareness. Chief among these is my provision to direct the Department of Transportation to establish a reliable back-up timing system to function should the positioning, navigation and timing signals transmitted by GPS satellites be dis-rupted or degraded. The loss of GPS signals has been charac-terized as a ‘‘single point of failure’’ for na-tional security and for critical infrastructure systems. Simply stated, we no longer can af-ford to ignore this threat, and I urge members to join me and support this legislation today. The bill also institutes a new acquisition pol-icy for the Coast Guard to acquire unmanned aerial systems, or UAS. The inability of the Coast Guard to acquire UAS systems for its National Security Cutters is a chronic problem. Restricting the Coast Guard to acquire only systems already acquired and proven effective by other military or non-military agencies, should enable the Service to acquire a UAS system that meets its mission needs without, as they say, ‘‘re-creating the wheel.’’ In addition, the bill directs the Coast Guard to sponsor a National Academy of Science study on the status of unmanned, underwater vessels and their potential as mission plat-forms for the Coast Guard, especially for sur-veillance activities. This study should help inform the work of the Coast Guard’s Blue Technology Center of Expertise that Congress authorized earlier this year with the enactment of Public Law 115– 265. I also want to express my support for Title VII of the bill that reauthorize the activities of the Federal Maritime Commission and enact some important amendments to the Shipping Act made necessary by the disruption and consolidation in the global container shipping market. Overall, I am pleased that this legislation would authorize increased funding levels for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for the Federal Maritime Commission. Increased funding should enable the Commission to improve its capabilities to monitor shipping trades that re-main turbulent. The bankruptcy of Hanjin Lines in 2016 and the subsequent consolidation of the few re-maining ocean carriers into three large alli-ances produced shock waves in global ship-ping markets. These new alliances also sent shock waves to U.S. marine terminal opera-tors, tug operators, bunkering operators, and other marine service providers. Title VII of this bill amends the Shipping Act to make some targeted and strategic amend-ments to improve the legal standing of U.S. port service providers. Additionally, this title strengthens the authority of the Federal Mari-time Commission to oversee and intervene, if necessary, in future interactions between these alliances and U.S. port service providers to ensure fair competition. I support these amendments to the Shipping Act as a good first step. I expect that these ideas will require additional refinement as the process moves forward, especially on how best to protect confidential and proprietary in-formation gathered by the Federal Maritime Commission to understand market dynamics. I am open to those discussions and look for-ward to improving the bill. I also want to express my support for Title IX of the bill that establishes new authorities for the regulation of ballast water and inci-dental discharges from commercial vessels. While perhaps not perfect, the measure does provide for uniform regulation of vessel discharges within the scope of the Clean Water Act. In addition, the legislation address-es several important issues raised by coastal states, none the least granting states the abil-ity to establish ‘‘no discharge zones’’ if nec-essary to protect sensitive state waters. In closing, this bill is non-controversial legis-lation that addresses the interests of the Coast Guard and U.S. maritime industry. It also ad-dresses the needs of the members on both sides of the aisle, and both sides of the Cap-itol. I support the legislation and urge its adop-tion. Although I spoke earlier to express my full support for the underlying bill, I rise now to ex-press my strong opposition to a provision that the Senate inserted into the legislation over my objection. The specific provision is section 834, Fire Retardant Materials. Nothing could be further from the truth. What this provision actually does is reinstate an exemption from a longstanding fire safety requirement for passenger vessels carrying 50 or more people on overnight voyages to be constructed using fire retardant materials. And although the provision does not clearly state the vessel or vessels that would benefit from this exemption, the reality is that there is only one vessel, the Delta Queen, an aged paddlewheel steamship whose superstructure is almost entirely built out of wood, for which the exemption will apply. In 2008, the 110th Congress decided—wise-ly in my view—not to renew this ill-advised ex-emption for the Delta Queen in favor of up-holding maritime safety. It was the correct de-cision then, and it remains the correct decision today. I have little choice but to raise my objections to this provision based on the manner by which the other body tacked it onto the Coast Guard bill despite the fact that companion leg-islation introduced in the House, H.R. 619, went nowhere. This legislation would waive a critical mari-time fire safety standard and consequently ex-pose the American public to overnight travel on a vessel that the Coast Guard maintains is ‘‘an unacceptable fire hazard to passengers and crew.’’ The Coast Guard’s position remains clear and unequivocal. As stated in its 2008 Special Inspection report, the Coast Guard found that ‘‘The combustible construction of the vessel presents an unacceptable fire risk that cannot be mitigated by the addition of fire suppres-sion measures.’’ The Coast Guard also concluded that, ‘‘The vessel, constructed primarily of wood and op-erating in the overnight passenger trade, pre-sents an unacceptable fire risk to its pas-sengers and crew.’’ Accordingly, the Coast Guard has been, and remains, opposed to legislation to renew the exemption from fire safety standards for the Delta Queen. Mr. Speaker, I have included in the R ECORD  the administration’s views letter stating its op-position to S. 89, which is the underlying pro-vision in section 834. This provision also has drawn opposition from the National Volunteer Fire Council. The Council concludes that the ‘‘fire safety exemp-tion in S. 140 will endanger the lives of pas-sengers and crew members aboard historical vessels, but also for the dangerous precedent it sets.’’ Mr. Speaker, I have included in the R
ECORD  the Council’s letter stating its opposition to section 834. I commend the Coast Guard for upholding its fire safety standards. I fail to see why it makes any sense for the other body to ad-vance legislation that would sharply contradict the Coast Guard’s recommendations and com-promise maritime safety. The American public trusts Congress to en-sure that our nation’s transportation system re-mains the safest in the world. Section 834 vio-lates that trust. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO ), who is the current chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation, the former chairman of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Sub-committee, and the namesake of this bill. Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for yielding. It is an honor to have represented the Coast Guard’s only recruit training center in the Nation which is in my district. It is an honor to have rep-resented the Coast Guard Air Station in Atlantic City, which is the largest helicopter air station that the Coast Guard has. Most of all, I want to recognize the men and women of the Coast Guard whom this bill will benefit. There are very few issues that have been so bipar-tisan across the board in my time here 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.046 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9651 November 27, 2018 
in Congress. When I first came, I didn’t really understand the commitment that the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to make for our Na-tion, always being asked to do more and given less to do it. In many respects I wish we could have done more over the years, but to be able to move forward with a bill like this that is so bipartisan I think speaks to our commitment as a legisla-tive body to the men and women to whom we owe so much that protect our country. I want to particularly thank Geoff Gosselin who is now with the full Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, but was on my staff for a number of years and really did an amazing and outstanding job with Coast Guard issues for me in helping me to understand them and move them forward. So I want to thank all of my colleagues who have made this day pos-sible. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the State of Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the F
RANK  L
OBIONDO Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. Protecting the maritime jobs of the hardworking Washingtonians in the second district of my State, including at Dakota Creek Industries in Anacortes, is a priority of mine. The passage of this legislation supports U.S. maritime defense policy and sus-tains a strong domestic shipbuilding industry. It is a win as well for the hundreds of men and women at Dakota Creek Industries, which is a key con-tributor to our regional economy. I appreciate the coordination with Senator C
ANTWELL , Senator S ULLIVAN , and Representative D
ONYOUNG as we have worked for a year and a half to find a path to save the hundreds of jobs at DCI. I also want to thank my friend, F
RANK LOBIONDO . It is fitting that this bill is named for him, as he is a cham-pion of all things transportation. He has worked tirelessly for the people of New Jersey, the people of his district, and for the people of this country to ensure that we have an infrastructure system in this country that works for all of them. It has been an honor to serve with him for nearly two decades, and I will miss the work of Representative F
RANK  L
OBIONDO . Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
UNTER ), who is the former chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation and an advocate for the Coast Guard. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER for giving me the opportunity to serve for nearly 6 years as the chairman of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Subcommittee, and I would like to thank him for yielding me time. b1830 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. Con-gressman LOBIONDO is and has been a tireless advocate for the men and women of the Coast Guard, and there is no other name more fitting for this bill. Let me run through a few of the things that I find extremely great about this bill. Title 9 contains the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, legislation that I have introduced for three consecutive Con-gresses. It was compromised a little bit in the Senate but is still getting done. Mr. G
ARAMENDI and I held many, many subcommittee hearings together. He has been known to ask at the appro-priate hearings about the backup to GPS. This question is always met with blank stares. This bill makes impor-tant progress on a backup GPS system. Finally, specifically section 514 es-tablishes this backup timing compo-nent of the GPS system. That is no doubt thanks to Mr. G
ARAMENDI ’s tire-less work. I am also pleased that the legislation establishes a land-based unmanned air-craft system program for the Coast Guard. They have never had their un-manned aerial vehicle program until now. They have had to rely on other services or agencies for this important capability. These additional UAS as-sets will strengthen the Coast Guard’s ability to interdict contraband and im-prove search and rescue missions. During the last 6 years, we have held 46 hearings and five roundtables. We have worked to protect the Jones Act and ensure that our country has a strong maritime industrial base, in-cluding a skilled pool of American shipyard workers and mariners who would be critical in a time of conflict. Earlier this year, Congress enacted legislation coming out of the tragic El Faro accident to improve the safety of those American mariners. We have also worked to reduce burdensome regula-tions that harm U.S. maritime jobs and the competitiveness of the U.S. flag fleet. We held joint hearings with the Com-mittee on Homeland Security to shed light on security vulnerabilities at our ports and sought to enhance the screening of cargo entering our coun-try and, with the Armed Services Com-mittee, to look at the shared missions of the Navy and the Coast Guard in carrying out defense missions. We pushed the Coast Guard to act like the military service that they are. The subcommittee also took massive steps to modernize our Nation’s ice-breaker fleet and to encourage the Navy and Coast Guard to have a com-prehensive plan for the Arctic. Mr. Speaker, I want to end by thank-ing a few people. Some of the most ful-filling work serving as the sub-committee chairman was forming strong relationships with the men and women who guard our coasts. The Coast Guard House Liaison Office and the Coast Guard fellows assigned to the subcommittee over the last 6 years have represented their service well. I would like to thank them for their hard work and camaraderie. I also want to thank Congressman GARAMENDI for his friendship and being such a strong partner on these issues. Finally, I want to thank the sub-committee’s staff director, John Rayfield, and the exceptional com-mittee staff who have been invaluable as a resource and worked tirelessly to carry out the subcommittee’s mission. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the legislation. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Frank LoBi-ondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. This bill provides critical policy guidance to the Coast Guard as it pro-tects our Nation’s shores and maritime interests. The bill increases authorized funding levels, requires a review of our Arctic strategy and the Coast Guard’s ability to achieve it, and provides au-thority to procure three new National Security Cutters. The bill also includes a provision to ensure that public safety answering points that respond to 911 calls from vehicles in distress are trained to relay that information to the Coast Guard or tow companies. Sector Long Island Sound has been working with municipality dispatch centers in Connecticut and New York to implement a training program to route these calls. I want to thank Mys-tic towboat Captain Jeff Dziedzic for bringing this issue to my attention and Congresswoman E
STYfor working with my office last year to include this lan-guage in the bill. Mr. Speaker, eastern Connecticut is the proud home of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy and Coast Guard Sta-tion New London. Therefore, I am par-ticularly excited that this bill includes a provision that will help boost con-struction of the future National Coast Guard Museum to be built along the Thames River in New London. In par-ticular, it authorizes engineering and design work to be performed by the Coast Guard in this project. The Coast Guard is the only military service without its own museum. Under the leadership of Jim Coleman, Rich-ard Grahn, Admiral Papp, Captain Wes Pulver, and many others, this project is well on its way to becoming a world- class destination to showcase the rich heritage of the Coast Guard, which dates back to 1790 when Alexander Hamilton created America’s ‘‘first fleet,’’ which, by the way, was orga-nized before the U.S. Navy. I would like to thank the chairman, Mr. S
HUSTER , and Mr. L OBIONDO , as they depart. Again, they are great role models of bipartisan leadership and about getting results. I want to also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.047 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9652 November 27, 2018 
thank the ranking member, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and also the subcommittee ranking member, J
OHN GARAMENDI , for their hard work. I also thank Dave Jansen and John Rayfield for helping guide this bill to a successful conclusion. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of this legislation. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leader-ship. I would like to highlight a specific portion of the bill. This provision pre-serves an important piece of American history and it supports American jobs. It would reinstate the Delta Queen’s grandfathered status from a law that prohibits wooden boats from carrying overnight passengers. Congress granted the Delta Queen a reprieve from that grandfathered law, which adversely impacts it, for four decades. In doing so, Congress recog-nized that the Delta Queen was con-structed before the law that adversely impacted it was in place and that the law was intended to regulate vessels at sea, oceangoing vessels. It was never intended for river-faring boats like the Delta Queen. That is why Congress granted this reprieve for 40 years. We failed to do that back in 2008. We are looking at $100 million in de-velopment, in economic dollars in the river areas of this country, including the city of Cincinnati, my area. It used to be the home port. It will be one of the stops. It means a lot of jobs for a lot of people. It will be safely done. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Dave Jansen for his hard work and again congratulate the chairman on his last bill passing on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. It is a good bipartisan bill. I urge all my colleagues to vote for it. Finally, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle. On our side, especially, I thank the Coast Guard Subcommittee staff and John Rayfield, who heads up that staff, for his tremendous work. He just informed me that, under the subcommittee’s ju-risdiction, we will have authorized every single program under that com-mittee’s jurisdiction. Great work by John and his team on the sub-committee. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the names of the staff on the com-mittee. 
From Chairman Shuster’s Staff: John Rayfield Bonnie Bruce Lt. Commander Luke Peterson Kevin Reig Maggie Chan Kathy Loden Brittany Smith Hannah Matesic Fred Miller Geoff Gosselin Chris Vieson From Ranking Member DeFazio’s Staff: Dave Jansen Kathy Dedrick Alex Burkett From the Office of Legislative Counsel: Hank Savage Tom Dillon Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank all my members for the great support they have given me on both sides of the aisle to move a lot of bipartisan legislation. I want to thank them for that. I thank my sub-committee chairmen for their leader-ship in working with me. Finally, I thank my counterpart, the leader of the Democrats on the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, sometimes being a worthy foe, most of the time being a dependable and able ally. I thank him for all his work. I also thank him for the very, very thoughtful small going away gift that he gave me. I appreciate that greatly. Again, I finally thank him for all his effort and work. I have no say in who is going to be the next chairman of the committee, but I can tell you that nobody is more able and knowledgeable about the transportation and infrastructure world than P
ETER DEFAZIO. I wish him the best and look forward to seeing him down the road. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of S. 140, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. Con-gressman L
OBIONDO has served his constitu-ents in New Jersey’s 2nd congressional dis-trict well, including the Coast Guard Training Center Cape May in Cape May, New Jersey. From his position on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, a panel on which we served together for a decade, he successfully fought on behalf of our state and the brave men and women in uniform who guard our nation. Congressman L
OBIONDO has focused on strengthening our nation’s mari-time industry, which is a critical source of jobs and economic output in New Jersey. During his time in Congress, Congressman L
OBIONDO  fought to improve the lives of our service men and women and their families. Given his serv-ice to bettering the Coast Guard, it is fitting that this year’s authorization legislation is named after Congressman F
RANK LOBIONDO . I look forward to this bill’s passage and strongly urge all my colleagues to support S. 140. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act. No institution is more critical to our national defense and homeland security than the United States Coast Guard, and every day, the men and women of the Coast Guard carry out vital, life-saving mis-sions, including drug interdiction and search and rescue. On November 9, I had the oppor-tunity to tour the Coast Guard’s District 11 fa-cilities in Alameda, California. I was deeply im-pressed by the dedication and professionalism of the Coast Guard officials I met. However, I was also troubled by the state of some of Coast Guard’s equipment. Resources for the Coast Guard are clearly needed, now more than ever, so it is deeply unfortunate that the Trump administration has sought to cut the Coast Guard’s budget by as much as 14 per-cent and has transferred millions of dollars in Coast Guard funding to Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. Congress should not allow the Trump administration to raid the Coast Guard budget to implement its anti-immigrant policies. But today, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 140, and I applaud the Chairman and Ranking Member for their hard work bringing this important measure to the floor. Likewise, it is vitally important that, as negotia-tions regarding the Fiscal Year 2019 Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act continue, Congress include sufficient funding for the Coast Guard so that it has the re-sources it needs to carry out its vital missions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the bill, S. 140. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment to the House amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BLOCKING PROPERTY OF CERTAIN PERSONS CONTRIBUTING TO THE SITUATION IN NICARAGUA—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–173) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order declaring a national emergency to deal with the threat posed by the situation in Nicaragua, including the violent re-sponse by the Government of Nica-ragua to the protests that began on April 18, 2018, and the Ortega regime’s systematic dismantling and under-mining of democratic institutions and the rule of law, its use of indiscrimi-nate violence and repressive tactics against civilians, as well as its corrup-tion leading to the destabilization of Nicaragua’s economy. The Executive Order blocks all prop-erty and interests in property within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.048 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9653 November 27, 2018 
United States jurisdiction of any per-son determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State: (i) to be responsible for or complicit in, or to have directly or indirectly en-gaged or attempted to engage in, any of the following: (A) serious human rights abuse in Nicaragua; (B) actions or policies that under-mine democratic processes or institu-tions in Nicaragua; (C) actions or policies that threaten the peace, security, or stability of Nicaragua; (D) any transaction or series of transactions involving deceptive prac-tices or corruption by, on behalf of, or otherwise related to the Government of Nicaragua or a current or former offi-cial of the Government of Nicaragua, such as the misappropriation of public assets or expropriation of private as-sets for personal gain or political pur-poses, corruption related to govern-ment contracts, or bribery; (ii) to be a leader or official of an en-tity that has, or whose members have, engaged in any activity described in section (i) or of an entity whose prop-erty and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order; (iii) to be an official of the Govern-ment of Nicaragua or to have served as an official of the Government of Nica-ragua at any time on or after January 10, 2007; (iv) to have materially assisted, spon-sored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of: (A) any activities described in sec-tion (i); or (B) any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pur-suant to the Executive Order; or (v) to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order. I have delegated to the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the authority to take such actions, including the pro-mulgation of rules and regulations, and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. All agencies of the United States Government are directed to take all appropriate measures with-in their authority to carry out the pro-visions of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 27, 2018. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
AM J
OHNSON of Texas). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5273 by the yeas and nays; The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 6207 by the yeas and nays; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. f 
GLOBAL FRAGILITY AND VIOLENCE REDUCTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5273) to reduce global fra-gility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, vio-lent conflict, and fragility in pilot countries, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 376, nays 16, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 421] YEAS—376 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—16 
Amash Biggs Blum Brooks (AL) Duncan (TN) Gaetz Gohmert Gosar Grothman Harris Hice, Jody B. Loudermilk Massie McClintock Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—38 
Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Burgess Culberson Cummings Denham DesJarlais Duffy Ellison Frelinghuysen Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Jones Knight Labrador LaMalfa Maloney, Sean Messer Noem Nolan Ratcliffe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.036 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9654 November 27, 2018 
Renacci Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Royce (CA) Rush Sires Tipton Valadao Walters, Mimi Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1908 Messrs. HARRIS, RICE of South Carolina, and GOSAR changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to reduce global fra-gility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, vio-lent conflict, and fragility, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 16, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Mr. Jonathan Marks, Com-missioner, Bureau Commissions, Elections and Legislation, Department of State, Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Susan Wild was elected Rep-resentative to Congress for the 15th Congres-sional District, Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA , D
EPARTMENT OF STATE , BUREAU  C
OMMISSIONS , ELECTIONS AND LEG-
ISLATION , Harrisburg, PA, November 16, 2018. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018, for Rep-resentative in Congress from the 15th Con-gressional District of Pennsylvania, show that Susan Wild received 130,353 votes or 48.54% of the total number of votes cast for that office. It would appear from these unofficial re-sults that Susan Wild was elected as Rep-resentative in Congress from the 15th Con-gress District of Pennsylvania. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an of-ficial Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. Sincerely, J
ONATHAN MARKS , Commissioner. SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE SUSAN WILD, OF PENNSYL-VANIA, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania, the Honorable S
USAN  W
ILD, be permitted to take the oath of office today. Her certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to her election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will Representative- elect W
ILDand the members of the Pennsylvania delegation present them-selves in the well. All Members will rise and the Rep-resentative-elect will please raise her right hand. Ms. W
ILDappeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER  
The SPEAKER. Members in the gal-lery will be in order. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE SUSAN WILD TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, as dean of the Pennsylvania congressional delegation, it is my great pleasure to welcome our newest colleague. A longtime resident of Pennsylva-nia’s Lehigh Valley, S
USAN WILDhas a distinguished legal career in private practice as well as in public service as Allentown’s city solicitor. She also has an impressive record of community in-volvement and leadership, serving on boards of a number of local nonprofit organizations. I am happy to welcome Representa-tive W
ILDto this body, and I look for-ward to working with her and our col-leagues in the Pennsylvania delegation to serve the Commonwealth and this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), the senior Republican member of the Pennsylvania delegation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. On behalf of the entire Pennsylvania dele-gation, SUSAN , we are just pleased to welcome you to the 115th Congress. Congratulations. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield to our new-est colleague in the House of Rep-resentatives, Congresswoman S
USAN  W
ILD. Ms. WILD. Mr. Speaker, Representa-tives of the 115th Congress, I am pro-foundly humbled and honored that the people of my district have entrusted me with the duty of representing them. The work of conducting the people’s business in this Chamber has endured through unfinished struggles for equal-ity and justice, through conflicts abroad and crises at home. I look forward to taking part in that work through the remainder of this session and into the next Congress, when a historically diverse freshman class, including more women than ever before in our Nation’s history, will take their oaths. Our first responsi-bility must be to the most vulnerable and least fortunate among us, and our voices should amplify theirs. My parents both lived lives of serv-ice. My father, a conservative Repub-lican, spent his entire career in the Air Force and was driven by a sense of duty. My mother, a progressive Demo-crat, believed at her core that we are defined by what we do for others. They have both passed away now, but my standing here is a testament to them. We in Congress have a responsibility and opportunity to improve the every-day lives of the people of our districts. On behalf of my community, your com-munities, and generations to come, I know that we can and must rise to the occasion and deliver shared and lasting progress. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania, the whole number of the House is 432 
f 
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO DEMOCRACY AND AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6207) to support democracy and ac-countability in the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\H27NO8.REC H27NO8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9655 November 27, 2018 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 374, nays 11, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 422] YEAS—374 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—11 
Amash Biggs Blum Brooks (AL) Duncan (TN) Gosar Massie McClintock Rice (SC) Sanford Yoho 
NOT VOTING—46 
Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Black Burgess Culberson Cummings DeFazio Denham DesJarlais Duffy Ellison Ferguson Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Issa Jones Knight Labrador LaMalfa Maloney, Sean Messer Noem Nolan Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Royce (CA) Rush Sinema Sires Tipton Turner Valadao Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1931 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISPENSING WITH MORNING-HOUR DEBATE ON TOMORROW Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 8, 2018, regard-ing morning-hour debate not apply to-morrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order at any time on the legislative day of November 29, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
CORRECTING ENROLLMENT OF S. 140 Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolu-tion (S. Con. Res. 51) to correct the en-rollment of S. 140, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 51 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in the enroll-ment of S. 140, an Act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, the Secretary of the Senate shall amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appropria-tions for the Coast Guard, and for other pur-poses.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was con-curred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RESTORE THE HARMONY WAY BRIDGE ACT Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6793) to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indi-ana, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6793 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restore the Harmony Way Bridge Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TRANSFER OF BRIDGE AND LAND. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Act approved April 12, 1941 (Public Law 77–37; 55 Stat. 140–144), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the White County Bridge Commission shall convey, without consideration, to the New Harmony Bridge Bi-State Commission, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the bridge and the approaches thereto across the Wabash River at or near New Harmony, Indiana, under the jurisdiction of the White County Bridge Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.057 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9656 November 27, 2018 
SEC. 3. REPEAL. 
The Act approved April 12, 1941 (Public Law 77–37; 55 Stat. 140–144) is repealed effec-tive on the date that the White County Bridge Commission completes the convey-ance described in section 2. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MAST  
Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restore the Harmony Way Bridge Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TRANSFER OF BRIDGE AND LAND. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Act of April 12, 1941 (55 Stat. 140, chapter 71), not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the White County Bridge Commission shall convey, without consider-ation, to the New Harmony Bridge Bi-State Commission, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the bridge and the approaches thereto across the Wabash River at or near New Harmony, Indiana, under the jurisdiction of the White County Bridge Commission. 
SEC. 3. REPEAL. 
The Act of April 12, 1941 (55 Stat. 140, chap-ter 71) is repealed effective on the date that the White County Bridge Commission com-pletes the conveyance described in section 2. 
Mr. MAST (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GEORGE W. WHITEHURST FEDERAL BUILDING Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 6622) to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6622 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building re-ferred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’. COMMITTEE AMENDMENT IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The Federal building and United States court-house located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, doc-ument, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Mr. MAST (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask for unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The committee amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXTENDING ADMINISTRATIVE PENALTY AUTHORITY OF FED-ERAL ELECTION COMMISSION Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 7120) to amend the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties estab-lished and published by the Commis-sion, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7120 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF ADMINISTRATIVE PENALTY AUTHORITY OF FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION THROUGH 2023. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 309(a)(4)(C)(v) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30109(a)(4)(C)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the earlier of— (1) December 31, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAJOR BRENT TAYLOR VET CENTER OUTSTATION Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 7163) to designate the outstation of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7163 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Major Brent Taylor began his military service following the attacks of September 11, 2001. He joined the Army National Guard in 2003, three days after his engagement to his wife, Jennie. Five of his brothers would eventually serve in the Armed Forces fol-lowing the deadly attacks. (2) During his time in the Army National Guard, Major Taylor distinguished himself in service to the United States and the State of Utah. He received a commission as a second lieutenant from the Brigham Young Univer-sity Reserve Officer Training Corps in 2006, while graduating as a member of the Na-tional Society of Collegiate Scholars. (3) During his impressive career with the Utah National Guard, Major Taylor distin-guished himself in multiple specialties, in-cluding Intelligence and Military Police. One of his earliest assignments included ana-lyzing foreign language documents in sup-port of the Defense Intelligence Agency. He also led document exploitation efforts in multiple European and South American lan-guages for a variety of intelligence commu-nity customers. Major Taylor also managed a team that assessed security vulnerabilities at high-profile facilities across the United States, all while maintaining a successful private sector career in Utah. (4) Major Taylor was continuously ready to take up his Nation’s call to arms and de-ployed four times in support of operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. His deployed duties varied from Platoon Leader and Combat Ad-visor to Chief of Staff to the Special Oper-ations Advisory Group, responsible for lead-ing a joint task force advising and assisting an elite Afghan special operations unit. (5) Throughout his deployments, Major Taylor distinguished himself on several oc-casions, earning a multitude of awards in-cluding the Bronze Star. The citation credits Major Taylor’s ability to think calmly and decisively with keeping his subordinates safe while traversing 600,000 miles of roads in Iraq, laden with improvised explosive devices (hereinafter, ‘‘IED’’) and ripe for ambush. (6) During one particularly harrowing mis-sion, Major Taylor’s vehicle was struck by an IED. While he survived the attack, the wounds he received earned him the Purple Heart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 18:14 Feb 08, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\H27NO8.REC H27NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9657 November 27, 2018 
(7) Major Taylor’s amazing record of serv-ice was not limited to the battlefield. In 2010, he served as a member of the North Ogden City Council and, in 2013, Major Taylor was elected mayor. His steadfast leadership led to the city being recognized as ‘‘Business Friendly’’ by the Governor of Utah, and as one of the safest, freest cities in the United States by several organizations. His initia-tives included improvements to public works and infrastructure, attracting businesses to the area, developing a local community cen-ter, and increasing transparency. His action led his constituents to reelect Major Taylor in 2017. (8) In 2018, Major Taylor placed himself on a leave of absence from his mayoral duties in order to deploy to Afghanistan, explaining to his constituents, ‘‘Service is what leadership is all about’’. (9) While serving in Afghanistan, a dear colleague, Afghani Lieutenant Kefayatullah, was killed shortly before the Afghan elec-tions. Major Taylor wrote, ‘‘The strong turn-out at that election, despite the attacks and challenges, was a success for the long-suf-fering people of Afghanistan, and for the cause of human freedom. I am proud of the brave Afghan and U.S. soldiers I serve with. Many American, NATO and Afghan troops have died to make moments like this elec-tion possible.’’. He also extolled the Amer-ican public to embrace its civic duty, stat-ing, ‘‘I hope everyone back home exercises their precious right to vote. And that wheth-er the Republicans or Democrats win, that we all remember that we have far more as Americans that unites us than divides us.’’. (10) Tragically, on Saturday, November 3, 2018, Major Taylor was killed in an attack in Afghanistan. He is survived by his wife, Jen-nie, and his seven children, Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline. (11) The impression that Major Taylor left was indelible. An Afghan officer who had served with Major Taylor, penned a letter to his wife, stating, ‘‘Your husband taught me to love my wife Hamida as an equal and treat my children as treasured gifts, to be a better father, to be a better husband, and to be a better man.’’. That officer further com-mented that, ‘‘He died on our soil but he died for the success of freedom and democracy in both of our countries.’’. (12) It is only well and fitting that, as a tribute to this man’s amazing life, Congress name a facility in honor of Major Taylor’s shining example of service and sacrifice. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF MAJOR BRENT TAYLOR VET CENTER OUTSTATION IN NORTH OGDEN, UTAH. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 2357 North 400 East Washington Boulevard, North Ogden, Utah, shall, after the date of the enactment of this Act, be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Major Brent Taylor Vet Cen-ter Outstation’’. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on agree-ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER VICTORIA MARUM (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I rise today to recognize and con-gratulate Lieutenant Commander Vic-toria Marum on her separation from the United States Navy after 11 years of faithful service to our country. An esteemed member of the United States Navy, Lieutenant Commander Marum most recently served as the li-aison in the Navy’s U.S. House of Rep-resentatives Liaison Office. I was so grateful for Victoria’s guid-ance during delegations that I was so proud to lead abroad, as she always handled stressful situations and dif-ficult individuals—I won’t name names—with poise, humor, and re-sourcefulness. The talent she exhibited on Capitol Hill will serve her well on every path upon which she finds herself in the fu-ture. As Lieutenant Commander Marum embarks on a new chapter in her life, it is my hope that she may recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplish-ment the outstanding contributions she has made to the United States Navy, to the United States Congress, and to our great Nation, even though she is a Florida Gator. 
f 
1918 FLU PANDEMIC (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, flu sea-son is upon us, and I rise today to raise awareness about the 100th anniversary of the deadliest medical catastrophe in history: the 1918 influenza pandemic. 100 years ago, the flu took the lives of more Americans in 1 month than in the entirety of World War I. The 1918 flu pandemic lasted for 15 months. During that time, the average American’s life expectancy dropped by 12 years. 100 years later, there are still many outstanding questions about the flu pandemic, but what is certain is that the flu virus still poses an undeniable threat to our Nation. Last year, an estimated 80,000 Ameri-cans died from the flu. Investing in research and develop-ment for novel antivirals and ensuring people get the flu vaccine is crucial to protecting our Nation from another flu pandemic like the one we faced 100 years ago. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GIVING TUESDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today on ‘‘Giv-ing Tuesday’’ to recognize the impor-tance of charitable giving, especially during this time of year. With the Christmas and holiday sea-son upon us, we recognize and celebrate many blessings. As we reflect on all that we have achieved and accom-plished, we must also remember the less fortunate among us. ‘‘Giving Tuesday’’ began in 2012 as a day to encourage charitable giving on the heels of shopping-focused days like ‘‘Black Friday’’ and ‘‘Cyber Monday.’’ It is a dedicated day to give back. Americans are compassionate people who care about their neighbors on ‘‘Giving Tuesday’’ and all year long. Through monetary donations or gifts of time through volunteering, we are always finding ways to give back to our communities. But today, on ‘‘Giving Tuesday,’’ we find ways to lift up our fellow citizens. These acts of kindness and generosity highlight our American values. The best way to celebrate your blessings is to share them with others. No gift is too small and no gesture too insignifi-cant to someone in need. It is the American way. f 
NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, as cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I rise to recognize No-vember as National Adoption Month. All children deserve the love and se-curity of a forever family. Unfortu-nately, this is not a reality for too many children across the country. More than 123,000 children are wait-ing right now to be adopted from foster care in the United States. Those who reach adulthood and exit care without a family are far more likely to experi-ence bouts of homelessness and unem-ployment, among other negative out-comes. Madam Speaker, who among us would have succeeded without the love and support of our families to be there for us, whether it was the family we were born into or the family we make. Madam Speaker, we must ensure that every child has the family they need to thrive. Adoption provides this path-way. On November 17, 19 Rhode Island families celebrated National Adoption Day by finalizing the adoptions of 23 children. I would like to honor these families and others who open their hearts to children in need. There is no greater gift than the gift of a forever home. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CHAMPLIN PARK CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.040 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9658 November 27, 2018 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate the Champlin Park Rebels girls volleyball team on winning the Minnesota State High School Championship, the first team in school history to bring a championship trophy back to Champlin Park. Their victory came after outlasting a very talented Eagan team, playing in its sixth consecutive state final. But the Rebels were just too much for them, starting strong and then never looking back. The pressure was on for the Rebels to win their school’s first ever state title, and they delivered every step of the way. They showed the kind of true de-termination that makes them cham-pions both on and off the court. So, Madam Speaker, congratulations to these student athletes, the coaches, their parents, and all of the fans, and the entire Champlin Park community on a well-deserved, hard fought win be-coming state champions. 
f 
b1945 REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NA-TIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PROGRAM (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to say how pleased I am that Congress has reauthorized the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram, or NEHRP. I am grateful to Senator F
EINSTEIN , as well as my colleagues in the House— Representatives R
OHRABACHER , KNIGHT , and L
AMAR SMITH—for their leadership in bringing this forward. This has been an important issue to me since I was in the State senate, given my State’s— Washington State’s—geography and the serious threats that we face from earthquakes. NEHRP reauthorization is the very first step to ensure that our States have the resources they need to pre-pare for earthquakes, States like mine that have been anticipating a cata-strophic earthquake for many years. As we have watched tragedies unfold around the world, it is clear that we have to do everything we can to build resilience so that when earthquakes in-evitably strike, our communities are as prepared as they can be. This reauthor-ization will ensure that all of our com-munities are able to improve their building standards, have early warning systems, and have better monitoring for seismic activity. I hope this bill will be one of many, and that we continue to build on this progress to ensure ample investment to build resilience, in particular for schools and hospitals. I look forward to working with my colleagues to push this forward in the next Congress. CONGRATULATING THE RIDGE POINT PANTHERS VOLLEYBALL TEAM (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, all Tex-ans know that our stars are big and bright at night. But lately, 16 stars have been the biggest and brightest ever seen in Fort Bend County. Here they are. These stars’ names are Alana, Britney, Karly, Taylor, Tiana, Randee, Skylar, Charlie, Claire, Reagan, Baleigh, Nia, Tyler, Lindsey, Kendall, and Peyton. They revolve around a star called Coach Lori McLaughlin. They are the 2018 Ridge Point Panthers volleyball team. We are so proud they are State run-ners-up in volleyball in Texas: 47–6 was their record, 14–0 in district play. They have a warning for 2019 and beyond: The Panthers are still hungry and will be back. You can count on it. f 
GENERAL MOTORS IDLE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, how troubling it is that General Motors has announced it is idling five major auto plants across the United States and Canada. At the Chevy Cruze plant in Lordstown, Ohio, facility alone, 1,600 jobs are on the chopping block. The dire impact in Ohio surges to 5,000 more potential lost jobs when auto part suppliers are considered. President Trump promised to defend manufacturing. He promised to cure the red ink of manufacturing job loss and wage-crushing trade deficits. Under him, both are getting worse. In-stead, his party enacted deficit-busting corporate tax giveaways with the Re-publican tax scam. Where do the auto-makers intend to invest their bonanza? Not here. Time and time again, American tax-payers and workers have been asked to help the U.S. automakers. This latest move from General Motors is an af-front to their investment. President Obama and congressional Democrats refinanced the ailing Amer-ican auto industry in 2009. Democrats saved American manufacturing while the vast majority of Republicans voted no. Madam Speaker, we need fair trade to open markets and create jobs here at home. 
f 
RELIST JEWISH-OWNED HOMES ON WEST BANK IMMEDIATELY (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, I rise today to express our support for our great ally, Israel, and also to share my concern about a recent decision from the company Airbnb. On November 20, Airbnb made the de-cision to delist about 200 Jewish homes in the West Bank. This decision is a win for the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement, the BDS move-ment, which is blatantly anti-Semitic and consistently targets businesses that are operating in Israel. As a Representative from northwest Florida, I am proud to serve a State that has stringent BDS laws. I am in-credibly proud of Governor-elect RON D
ESANTIS for sharing his concern and for stating unequivocally that if Airbnb continues to engage in BDS ac-tivities, they have a right to speak, but they will hear from all of us very soon. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WESTERN HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Western High School Pioneers on their first- ever CIF football championship. Since Western High School opened its doors in 1955, the Pioneers have never won this coveted prize. Now, 63 years later, Coach Dan Davidson put to-gether a very talented team that fi-nally won CIF. Having grown up in Anaheim, I have seen many, many talented Western High School football teams come and go, but I have to tell Coach Davidson: Congratulations. Job well done. Again, congratulations to the Pio-neers, to the parents, and to the stu-dent body: Job well done. Congratula-tions. We are all proud of you. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to move to the subject of cli-mate change, however, my colleague, T
ERRI SEWELL , has reminded me that a very important organization needs a few moments, so I yield to the gentle-woman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ), to speak about the Stennis Center. 
RECOGNIZING REX BUFFINGTON  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in recognition of Rex Buffington, for his life’s work as execu-tive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership since it was established 30 years ago. I again thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. I am joined here tonight by my fellow board members of the Stennis Center as we speak about the retirement of the executive director, Rex Buffington. For more than 30 years, the Stennis Center has taught, inspired, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.067 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9659 November 27, 2018 
trained our Nation’s young people through programs such as debate, women’s leadership initiatives, and Truman Scholars. Thanks to the lead-ership of Rex from the very beginning, their work has had a powerful impact on our Nation’s leadership, mobilizing a generation of dedicated public serv-ants and community leaders. I am happy to share with Rex not only our southern roots—he is from Mississippi and I am from Alabama— but our mutual love for debate and our dear friend, my former high school de-bate coach, Coach Billy Tate. Coach Billy Tate, my high school debate coach at Selma High School, was in-strumental in the creation of the John C. Stennis Novice Speech and Debate Tournament. I know that my life’s journey would not have been possible if it had not been for my high school debate experi-ence. I know that the Stennis Center’s debate program is just one of the many ways young leaders across this country are being equipped with the invaluable tools necessary for leadership. Rex knows that it is the people be-hind our democracy that makes democ-racy work. He has been quoted as say-ing: ‘‘No government, regardless of its history or structure, can be better than the people who make it work.’’ I agree with Rex. When we have pro-grams aimed at attracting thoughtful, committed, and honest leaders to pub-lic service, we get good policy in the end. While I am disappointed to see Rex’s time as executive director come to an end, I know that his leadership has set the groundwork for another 30 years of success in attracting young people of character to public service. The impact that Rex has had has been enormous, and I thank him. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. H
ARPER ). Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Pub-lic Service Leadership, it is with great gratitude that we honor Rex Buffington for his many years of dis-tinguished public service. Rex Buffington was appointed execu-tive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership when the center was established in 1988 to promote and strengthen public serv-ice leadership in America. As executive director of the Stennis Center, Rex has been responsible for development and delivery of programs aimed at attracting young leaders to public service and providing current public service leaders with opportuni-ties to further develop their leadership skills and capabilities. Participants in Stennis Center programs range from students in high school to Members of Congress. Prior to his work at the Stennis Cen-ter, Rex served as press secretary to Senator John C. Stennis of Mississippi for 12 years. As the Senator’s chief spokesperson, speechwriter, and com-munications director, Rex coordinated activities and strategies aimed at achieving the Senator’s mission and legislative agenda. I am so honored to serve as chairman of the board of trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership. I have seen what Rex has done firsthand, and it has been a privi-lege to work directly with him. Rex is an encourager of every person that he comes in contact with. He knows better than anyone the legacy of Senator John Stennis who served Mis-sissippi and our Nation with great dis-tinction for over 41 years as a U.S. Sen-ator, ultimately becoming President pro tempore. President Reagan once called the Mississippi Senator ‘‘an unwavering advocate of peace through strength.’’ Senator Stennis had a passion for fostering leadership and promoting public service, two objectives that Rex has carried forward during his time serving as executive director. The USS John C. Stennis aircraft car-rier, the only one not named after a President, has the two-word motto adopted by Senator Stennis that he had: Look Ahead. Senator Stennis would be proud of the work that Rex Buffington and the John C. Stennis Center for Public Serv-ice Leadership continue to do, and he would be proud of the great work that Rex has done. We are all very proud of the great work that he has done over these years of distinguished service to Mississippi and to our Nation. We congratulate him on a job well done, and we wish him the best as he looks ahead. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. ROBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his generosity in yielding a few minutes for this very important moment. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay trib-ute as well to a true public servant, Rex Buffington. Rex has dedicated so much of his professional life to sup-porting leaders in this country, most recently, as you have already heard, as the executive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership, where he has served admi-rably since the Stennis Center’s estab-lishment in 1988. After many years of encouraging new leaders and supporting existing ones, Rex is retiring. His tireless efforts will be greatly missed, but I know I speak for many who know him in saying we are proud of him and we are confident that his next chapter brings more won-derful milestones. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Rex. His work for the Stennis Center has posi-tively impacted American leaders from all generations and walks of life, from high school students to the Members of Congress who walk these halls today. I know this firsthand because I am one of those Members that he has im-pacted. I wish Rex, John Gavin, and Cath-erine great success in the road ahead. He will be missed, but his impact will be felt for many years to come. b2000 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. ROBY, Mr. H ARPER , and Ms. S
EWELL for bringing to our attention one of the important organizations that develops leadership here in the United States, and, obviously, from the two of you, Mrs. R
OBYand Ms. S EWELL , who are perfect examples of the success of the center. 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, we will turn to another topic, I think, of interest, if my colleagues would just excuse me for a moment. I always try to start these sessions with purpose. What are we all about here? And I often use this from Frank-lin Delano Roosevelt, and he said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we pro-vide enough for those who have too lit-tle.’’ While I always use this, I am trying to figure now, how does this figure into climate change? What would the words of Franklin Delano Roosevelt have to do with climate change in the era of greenhouse gas emissions? I thought about it for a while and I said, it may be difficult to make the connection, but there really is one. And I really want to start with this: What is our purpose here? If we think about climate change, we are going to have to understand and read and pay attention to this. This is the cover of an extraordinarily impor-tant document that the Federal Gov-ernment, the Government of the United States of America, issued last Friday when most of America was out shopping, Black Friday. Now, maybe there is some reason that the administration chose to issue this critical report on that day. If it was to bury the report, they are not going to be successful, because this document, required by Congress over the last 20-plus years, gives a clarion call to every human being on this plan-et today. That clarion call is so important that, on this first day following Thanksgiving and the issuance of this report, we brought it to the floor of the House of Representatives to alert this Nation that, despite trying to hide this report on Friday, it is now part of the public record. We need to understand what the im-pact of climate change is on all of us today, Americans, and to generations into the future. The impact is stark. It is heavy. It is ominous. And it is al-ready happening. The front page says: Fires. I am from California. We know about fires. This is a month ago, fires in California, all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.069 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9660 November 27, 2018 
these at one time: the Mendocino Com-plex in my district, the largest single wildfire in California’s history; the Si-erras, down in the southern valley; and the smoke from the Camp fire, burning more than 1,000 homes on this day; smoke covering nearly the entire State of California. Are those fires the result of climate change? The answer is absolutely, yes—the extensiveness, the severity, and the number of acres burned. More familiar, perhaps, and more re-cent, just days after those fires that I just put up there, this one happened. Eighty-four people are known to have perished in the Paradise fire, the most mass casualties in recent history in the United States. Unfortunately, there are still a couple hundred people unac-counted for. Is this fire a result of climate change? Yes, it is—the intensity of the fire, the rapidity with which it tore through the forest and wiped out an en-tire town of 26,000 inhabitants. Four-teen thousand residences were burned out in this fire. There is more to be said. How about flooding? Port Arthur, Texas, a city that was flooded, and more along the Gulf Coast this fall. An-other community was totally wiped out or near totally wiped out on the Florida panhandle. Massive storms ripped through the Caribbean and up into the United States. Is flooding a result of climate change? The severity and the intensity of the flooding, certainly—North Caro-lina, South Carolina, Florida, and Texas. In California, we have our share of it also. All of these are words laid out in this climate assessment: Economic losses today and into the future, perhaps $141 billion over the next several decades from heat-related deaths alone; $118 billion cost from sea level rise. Do you live on the coast? The San Francisco Bay, Florida, a good portion of Florida, Miami, the Everglades, the East Coast, all of it is affected by cli-mate change. We have a problem, folks. Are you in-terested in ecology? Are you interested in wildlife? Are you interested in for-ests? This was once a green forest in California. We predicted in the mid-1990s, when I was given a task as the Deputy Sec-retary at the Department of the Inte-rior to investigate and to anticipate what climate change would bring to America, we said there would be more fires, more intense fires. They would be more devastating. They would be larg-er. They would be faster. We said there would be more flood-ing. We said the hurricanes would be even greater than in the past. We pre-dicted that a city called New Orleans would flood. We predicted that a place called New York City would flood. And they both did a few short years after that report, as we prepared the United States for the Kyoto climate con-ference. Coming out of that conference, the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate of this great body denied the oppor-tunity for the United States to join in the treaty that came out of that con-ference, and it got worse. Forests of California, we predicted there would be a die-off. And, in fact, there is. This is just one small part of the massive die-off of trees that is oc-curring in the forests all across Amer-ica, even into the Arctic regions. Pay attention, America. Pay atten-tion, Congress. Pay attention, Senate. And for heaven’s sake, President Trump, please pay attention to the re-ality of climate change. It is here. It is a massive problem. The U.S. military more than a decade ago predicted that wars would be breaking out because of climate migra-tion, climate refugees. It is happening. It is happening around the world. Read this assessment of what it means to America. We have an obliga-tion. We, the 435 Representatives of the American people, have an obligation to address this crisis. It is not a crisis of the future. It is a crisis of today and the future. Do we have the courage to do this? Do we have the courage to decarbonize our energy supplies? We have to find the courage. We have no choice. Joining me tonight are people, Mem-bers of this House who share the com-mitment to address climate change. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ), my friend from the city of Chicago, to join us and share with us his concerns. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. G
ARAMENDI  from California, for organizing this evening’s conversation, but more im-portantly, for drawing attention to this critically important issue. It is more than a little bit shameful that the administration chose to re-lease the Fourth National Climate As-sessment on Black Friday, a day, as the gentleman noted, when most fami-lies, most people, are focused on the Thanksgiving holiday. Some are shop-ping, and some are hanging out with their family and friends. But it was clear that this was an apparent effort by the administration to introduce this report at a time when people weren’t paying attention. Fortunately, people are paying atten-tion to this issue. We are seeing it with the concerns people have watching the fires in California; the floods and hurri-canes this summer or fall in Florida; last year, with the hurricanes and flooding in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. The report that was released on Fri-day was a rigorous report, assembled by 13 Federal agencies and covering more than 1,000 pages of detailed anal-ysis and data, highlighting the impacts we can expect over the next decades into the next century if action isn’t taken. Impacts include increased storms, flooding, devastation, mudslides from the size of these storms; loss of phys-ical property; incalculable human cost from loss of life and other damages; droughts that are leading to fires, crop failures, loss of arable land, not just in our country, but, literally, around the world. The facts are clear. But, again, the Trump administration tried to bury this report, and the President himself says he does not believe the report. Well, to put it simply, this is not about beliefs. This is about science. The facts could not be clearer. Climate change is a serious threat to our Na-tion. It is a threat to our economy, to our national security, and to the plan-et that we pass on to our children. We need to take action now before it is too late. The report forecasts that more severe storms, droughts, coastal flooding, and other climate effects could reduce the size of the American economy by 10 percent before the end of the century, almost doubling the impact to our economy of the Great Recession of 2008. The recent fires in California were exacerbated by climate change, and more fires are forecast in the South-east and throughout the West, if action isn’t taken. The agricultural Midwest, from where I come, will be particularly hard-hit. This report forecasts the farming sector could lose so much pro-ductivity that the crisis of the 1980s could even seem tame. We need to do something. On the national security front, we will be affected. The report says that climate change variability and extreme events, in conjunction with other fac-tors, can exacerbate conflict around the world, as we have already seen. Droughts, floods, storm surges, wildfires, and other extreme events stress nations and people through loss of life, displacement of populations, and impacts on livelihoods, the report continues. While the White House refuses to make climate a priority, I am heart-ened that the Pentagon continues to treat this threat with the seriousness it deserves and focuses on it as a na-tional security crisis. This is a global challenge. It can only be met with a global response. b2015 It needs the people of the world and the nations of the world to come to-gether. This is literally a call to action for all of the people of the world. That is the power that was behind the Paris climate accord where every nation has come together and said: We must act, and we must act with urgency. The world needs American leader-ship, and, sadly, this administration is turning away from that responsibility and that obligation. But thankfully, we are seeing many cities, communities, States, and even business leaders say-ing: We are in. We are not going to step away. The Trump administration continues to say: We are walking away. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.071 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9661 November 27, 2018 
The Trump administration, in fact, continues to make matters worse. They rolled back the Clean Power Plan to slow our transition away from dirty forms of energy. They have undercut environmental regulations to limit methane pollution. Most significantly, last year, the President announced he was withdrawing the United States from the Paris climate agreement. Climate change is a global problem that requires global solutions, and American leadership must play a role. We must stay within the Paris accord. There is still time to fix this problem if we take action today. If we come to-gether as a nation and if we come to-gether as a world, then I hope we can do that in this body. I hope we can do this as a nation, and I hope this coun-try can continue to lead to make sure that we pass on to our children an en-vironment, a climate, and a world that is worthy of the legacy of our great Na-tion. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so very much for his very forceful words and for the fact that he brought to the table not alter-nate facts, but real facts laid out by the scientists who put this together. We have a challenge, and I know, with the kind of leadership the gentleman is providing for all of us here in the House of Representatives and back in Illinois, we have no choice but to get this done—and we will. Mr. Speaker, I would like now to turn to my colleague, Mr. P
AYNE from New Jersey. We often are here on the floor together. I invite Mr. P
AYNE to please join us, and we will talk about this issue as it might affect him and his constituents. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. First, Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking my colleague, Congressman G
ARAMENDI , from the great State of California for hosting this evening’s Special Order hour on the threat climate change poses for our Nation and our constitu-ents. Mr. G
ARAMENDI has done a great serv-ice by hosting timely and important Special Orders throughout the 115th Congress. Today’s Special Order hour is especially important, as it comes on the heels of the Trump administra-tion’s attempt to bury its own climate change report and only a day after dev-astating fires in California were con-tained. Because of global climate change, the United States is going to suffer from more frequent and more devastating disasters like Superstorm Sandy, which caused massive flooding in my State in 2012 and the Camp fire, which is the deadliest and most destructive in California’s history. Considering that Donald Trump thinks that climate change is an inter-national conspiracy, a hoax concocted by the Chinese, it came as no surprise to me that he has released his own ad-ministration’s climate change report on Black Friday when people are out with their families shopping and not paying attention to what is going on in the news. The U.S. climate assessment is damning. It gives President Trump and his GOP allies no cover to proclaim that climate change isn’t real. The re-port took our country’s top climate scientists 4 years to research and write. It is more than 1,000 pages long and represents work done by 13 Federal agencies. One of the authors, Katherine Hayhoe of Texas Tech University, sum-marized the evidence like this: Climate change is happening here and now. If the United States does not act fast, the effects of climate change are only going to get worse for the American people. We already have to deal with increasingly frequent and deadly wildfires, hurricanes, and extreme weather events. That is going to get worse if we don’t curb greenhouse gas emissions that are impacting our cli-mate. Climate change also means that some areas will see more rains and more flooding. Our Nation’s infrastructure is al-ready suffering from neglect, as we have had a Special Order hour on that in the past. The American Society of Civil Engineers gives our infrastruc-ture a D-plus. The stress of more frequent and in-tense rain, flooding, and heat is likely to cause a great deal of damage to our already frail infrastructure. Flooding will overwhelm and erode our roads. It will stress and possibly bring down bridges. We will have to shut down major roadways, railways, and ports. People’s lives and their livelihoods will be at risk. For my district in New Jersey, the economic impact will be devastating. My constituents work at Port Newark, the busiest in the East. They travel to and from jobs in New York City through the Nation’s busiest tunnels and bridges, which are already over-whelmed. They live on or near the water. Our national infrastructure just wasn’t built for the kinds of extreme weather we can expect if climate change goes unchecked. I have no doubt that the people of New Jersey are resilient, but the longer our Fed-eral Government takes to address cli-mate change, the more difficult it will become to adapt. But it is not just our infrastructure that is at risk if we don’t take action on climate change. If left unchecked, climate change is going to hospitalize and kill our constituents. According to the 2017 New Jersey Climate and Health Profile Report published by Rutgers University, air quality changes, such as increased ground-level ozone and fine particulate matter changes in the air, will cause a rise in respiratory illness, cardiovascular dis-ease, and mortality. Extreme heat and increasingly frequent heat waves will exacerbate people’s existing medical conditions and cause more heat-related deaths. Changes to our ecosystem caused by increased humidity and high-er temperatures will spread pests and infectious diseases. The vulnerability will not be equal. The people most at risk are people least able to migrate to safety. The el-derly, young children, and people with existing medical conditions, poorer residents, urban residents, people of color, and laborers are all the people who are most at risk. The Trump administration and our GOP colleagues can keep their heads buried in the sand or they can work alongside countless people in govern-ment, academia, business, and civil so-ciety to mitigate the effects of climate change. To borrow a warning from a coauthor of the U.S. climate assess-ment: ‘‘It’s absolutely not too late to take action. But costs will really start skyrocketing if we don’t start reining in emissions.’’ Mr. Speaker, my Democratic col-leagues and I are ready to pursue a greener future for our people. We are ready to transition to cleaner energy sources. We are ready to make sure auto emissions standards reflect 21st century technology. We are ready to make sure all Americans have access to clean air, clean water, and high- quality healthcare. The question is: Will our Republican friends join us? Mr. Speaker, I want to once again commend Mr. GARAMENDI for always having these timely Special Order hours on issues that are critical to us at this time. The gentleman never misses a beat in terms of bringing issues to the floor that are relevant, important, and need to be addressed as soon as possible. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, in the gentleman’s discussion, Mr. P
AYNE  hit upon a really important issue, and it relates to this. I brought this up be-cause this is where I am coming from on public policy. When FDR said that it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little, normally we think about this in terms of economics, we think about in terms of wages, living standards, and the like. But you hit this squarely, be-cause it is those who have little who are going to be the first and most ter-ribly impacted by climate change. You talked about the vulnerable. You talked about the elderly, the young, the working class, and communities of color. Those who have the least will be the least able to adapt. They won’t be able to afford the additional electric bill for air-conditioning. They are the most likely to get sick from the var-ious new illnesses that will work their way into the American healthcare sys-tem. As the climate warms, we can ex-pect to have more tropical, hot weath-er illnesses coming. We see it already. West Nile virus is the example that you gave. So this is very, very relevant. I don’t think FDR had in mind climate change when he talked about this. This is what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.073 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9662 November 27, 2018 
he talked about during the Great De-pression. This is relevant today in the era of climate change not just here in the United States, but you look at the poor around the world. For the population of Bangladesh, one of the poorest countries in the world, it is likely that 50 percent or more of that population will have to move because of sea level rise. Ethiopia, where Patti and I served as Peace Corps volunteers, has always been plagued by famine as a result of the climate moving back and forth. It will get worse. So do we provide enough for those who have too little? Across the world this is a key issue. Joining me now is my colleague from California. He and I get to share the great Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, the greatest estuary on the west coast of the Western Hemisphere. Before I come to Mr. M
CNERNEY , I am going to put up one of your favorite things here for him to look at, because I know this is what gets him really ex-cited—clean energy systems. This has been his life’s work, and he can talk about it. When he finishes, we will talk a little bit more about some of these. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend, for yielding. I want to thank my colleagues here tonight, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and especially Mr. G
ARAMENDI , who has been an absolute fierce advocate for ac-tion on climate and other issues. He is untiring, and I really have a lot of re-spect and admiration for that. Let me talk a little bit about the re-port first. This is a scientific report. It was created over a period of years by scientists. It is not an opinion paper. It is a paper that is based on facts, and it is based on modeling. If you do modeling, then you know what happens is you create a model. You test it against the facts. You ad-just the model. You test it against the facts. You adjust it, and you reiterate until your model is pretty accurate. Then you make predictions. That is what has happened here. They have some very well-tested mod-els that are predicting very bad things. So it is an important piece of scientific literature, and I think science should be at least involved in the decision-making in our great country. Now, I think it is almost laughable that the administration tried to limit the exposure of this report by putting it out on Black Friday. I guess that didn’t work because a lot of people are excited in a negative way about this re-port and what it says. I think most Americans recognize that there is a problem here. Most all Americans recognize it, especially the millennials and the younger Ameri-cans. They know because it is going to affect their lives. Their lives are going to be directly affected more and more as we go forward, so they are very en-gaged in this issue. I think everyone knows in their hearts that there is a problem here, but I think one of the things that is a chal-lenge is: How do we move forward on this? People don’t like change. People like to assume that their lives are going to go on, and they will do things the way they have always done them. But I think one of the things they are wor-ried about is jobs. b2030 Well, let’s talk about that for a sec-ond. Mr. GARAMENDI mentioned that I worked on windmills. I worked on windmills for 25 years. I climbed a lot of windmills. It is a pretty exciting thing to do. You are up there working on something that is cool. You are looking down on the natural environ-ment around you. If I was a coal miner, I would say: That is a pretty good al-ternative to going down into coals mine and breathing dust as to go up on windmills—kind of cold sometimes— but to go up on windmills and work your heart out and create clean energy. So another thing to think about is the number of jobs per energy pro-duced. Renewable energies create a lot more jobs per unit of energy produced. That is an important consideration. So why can’t we move forward? I think the economy is going to im-prove if we reduce our consumption of fossil fuels. It will create jobs. It will make the environment cleaner. We will have less health impacts than we are seeing from fossil fuels, from coal, from oil, and certainly see a lot less climate impacts. There are a lot of really good reasons to move forward on this. I think if you can look at what America and the world would be like if we weaned our-selves off fossil fuels, it is a beautiful picture. We will have a lot of clean en-ergy. We will have people employed. We will have people using electricity for transportation. We will have energy generated from windmills, solar, geo-thermal, and from all of these tech-nologies that are there today that are economic and cost-effective. In fact, wind and solar are more than competi-tive with fossil fuels. You can produce more energy per cost of energy with wind and solar than you can with oil and coal. They say natural gas is a great tran-sition fuel, but if you only lose 2 per-cent of natural gas emissions in the process of creating energy, then you are already undoing the energy effi-ciency advantage of natural gas be-cause natural gas methane is so effec-tive as a climate change gas. I think we have a lot to look forward to if we determine and decide that we are going to move forward with this transition. One last thing. I want to say I have a challenge to the President. Mr. President, we know that climate change is happening. If you want to go down as a great President, if you want to go down in history as someone that changed history, as someone who changed history for the better, than embrace climate change action. Make a difference. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, be-fore the gentleman leaves, I brought this up because I know that these wind turbines, these windmills are part of the gentleman’s life. You spent, as you say 25, 26 years building these systems. I believe he was doing it in Altamont Pass in California, which is now part of his district and adjacent to mine. It was 1978, 1979 that California passed the very first laws in the nation to provide a State tax credit for wind, solar, and conservation. I was the au-thor of that law. The gentleman and I go back a long, long way here on this issue, Mr. Speaker, and we are not going to give up. As he said, it is about the next generation. I have got here on my phone, which I know I cannot use on the floor, so I am not going to turn it on, but I have a picture of my 13th grandchild, who was born yesterday. It is those children, that young boy and his generation, that will either curse us or thank us. Thank us because we had the courage, we had the wisdom to attack this prob-lem; or curse us because we didn’t. I believe that we have the wisdom. We have people like Mr. M
CNERNEY  who has spent his life working on this, both in the private sector and now in Congress. I thank him so very much for that determination to address this crit-ical issue. I thank him for joining us tonight. I have noticed the East-West show is back in town. Mr. T
ONKO and I started doing this 7 years ago. Climate change and energy issues were what we talked about back then. This was some of his work when he was working in the State government in New York City, as I re-call. Not that he always talked about it on the floor, but he occasionally would point out that he was working, trying to create the new technologies that would address this problem. I thank him for joining us this evening. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
ARAMENDI for leading us in this Special Order that speaks to an urgency. More and more, people are beginning to recognize that it is within our re-sponsibility to provide for the steward-ship of our Earth, of the environment, and to pass it on to generations com-ing. As you just acknowledged the birth of a grandson, congratulations to Mr. G
ARAMENDI and his wife, Patti. It is important, it is incumbent upon us to do that. When we see the denial and the dis-regard—the denial for science, for cli-mate change as a concept; the dis-regard for the Earth, the environment, and for public health—it is trouble-some. Here we have in recent weeks heard about and presented the U.N. report through the IPCC, the international committee that looks at climate change, and they are indicating that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.074 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9663 November 27, 2018 
there is precious little time, if any, by which to act—a timeframe that is be-coming more and more urgent. It is so important for us to address the science of this issue, to look at the stats, to look at the data that is com-pelling, that speaks to everything from public health to job creation to a greening up of our thinking so that our policy and our resource advocacy will go toward what is a crisis situation. Just very, very recent, we have wit-nessed a report on the climate that is under the auspices of the Trump ad-ministration where they have re-sponded to the United States Global Change Research Program, a Presi-dential initiative started by President Ronald Reagan that incorporates, I be-lieve, some 13 agencies and their think-ing about climate change. Members of his own cabinet are recommending and advising and he is rejecting. I simply don’t understand how we can ask people to utilize their exper-tise, invest their time and energy into forecasting where we are going to be and where we are, acknowledging where we are, and the work that is needed, and then to walk away from that presentation based on facts and science and data. You have witnessed at your end of the country what has happened with wildfires. I have seen 500-year storms three or four times over in a decade. So the nomenclature is even off target. We are witnessing tremendous damage, loss of lives, property damage, and farming impacts with very rich soil being washed away, erosion of our coastal zones. What more do we need to have as evidence? The Department of Defense; the farming community; the business com-munity; States like California, the gentleman’s home state; and New York, my home State, get it. We pull out of a Paris accord because we are not going to be part of an international community—the only industrial nation to pull out of that accord? It is revolting that we will not re-spond to this issue. As you indicated, we have been talking about this, we have been pushing this leadership since 2010 with the takeover of the House. We began our efforts in 2008 and 2009. We needed to continue to move forward. The efforts to go forward have been thwarted by a resistance to addressing this issue. I find it unacceptable. As we look upon the next few weeks before we take over with the majority in the House, we need to set a very am-bitious tone that will move us forward with a number of issues being ad-dressed under the umbrella of climate change. We have witnessed what has happened out there with the economy. We have calculated the hundreds of bil-lions of dollars that are impacted be-cause of public health costs, the dam-age to property, and the like. We need to move forward. We need to do this based on science and factual evidence that is available, that is at our fingertips. The time for denial is over. The time for disregard is over. The time for action is now. And we need to move forward, even asking as ranker on the Environment Sub-committee of the Energy and Com-merce Committee for hearings in this regard, just hearings so that we can take testimony and advance the cause of the action that is required. Those re-quests have been falling on deaf ears. So we need to do better. We need to move forward with a sound plan and to understand that across the country more and more people are expressing their concern about climate change. They are witnessing it in the news every night. These wildfires have been greater in number, in severity. I be-lieve this is probably the worst in his-tory. So we need to do a lot more. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, Mr. T
ONKO said something a moment ago that I know will happen. He is pres-ently the ranking member of the Envi-ronment Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce. In about 1 month I believe he is going to be the chairman of that committee. The hearings on this issue, the Fourth Annual Climate Assess-ment, will finally be heard and the issue will finally be before the Con-gress. It has been 8 long years of denial by the Republican-led Congress and 2 years by the current President. I know that in his role—and I believe he will be the chairperson of that committee— he will make sure that America and the Congress know and understand this critical issue. I look forward to those hearings. I look forward to his leader-ship on it, and once again to be on the floor with the gentleman with what we fondly call the East Coast West-Coast program. We are back. Mr. TONKO. Absolutely. Coast-to- coast this is an issue. We know that where there are innovative concepts, where there is an embracing of an ag-gressive agenda like in California, like in New York, there are ways to ad-vance green energy, clean energy, inno-vation when it comes to efficiency, to make certain that those greenhouse gas emissions are addressed. It is with-in our control. So the human activity here, the human element, yes, is driving some of this. I know there are those who say I believe in climate change, but not human-inspired. Whether or not you believe that to be true, is it so bad to make cleaner the air we breathe, safer the water we drink, remediate the soils we require? These are important fac-tors that can grow significant jobs in research, prototype development, and in product design. So let’s move forward. The evidence is compelling. The temperatures have risen some 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit since 1901. That is major change. The warm-ing, in large part, is due to human ac-tivity. The continuation of burning fos-sil fuels, adding to the greenhouse gas emissions out there, is unacceptable. Sixteen of the last 17 years are the warmest years on record. And there are those saying: Well, it’s just a cycle. Well, that is a long stretch of time. There is no sign out there that it is going to stop. There is no pause there as a warning. Basically, the science that we have today, technology continues to ad-vance in a way that enables us to have shelf-ready opportunity, the clever-ness, the intellect that we harvest in this country, the intellect that allows us to design and understand concepts like capturing waste heat so that we can get more energy out of traditional designs, is a way to advance this cause. The green power that the gentleman just talked about with my fellow col-league from California, Representative MCNERNEY , these are real. They are not pie in the sky. They are happening as we speak. We just have to show the will and break the pattern that has been just too comfortable for us to go for-ward and say: Oh, well, it is greenhouse gas emissions. And, yes, there is a lot of damage out there, but that should be telling us we are already paying for greenhouse gas emissions, we are al-ready paying for climate change, and we need to change that saga. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, in-deed, we are paying for it in so many way. I showed earlier the fires, the floods, the sea level rise that is already occurring, the storm surge that re-cently affected the Panhandle of Flor-ida. All of these things are the reality of today. And it is not going to go away. The gentleman cited several facts. This is one of our programs that we used 8 years ago. It is this slide. Eight years ago we used this in our Make It in America presentations and we talked about the wind turbines and solar. That is actually an electric bus made by a bus manufacturer in Cali-fornia, the Gillig company. They are using that. These electric buses are part of the future, as are electric cars. b2045 All of these are the new jobs. These are the new technologies. These are where people will be going to work. So that is where the jobs are. These are jobs that won’t be exported. These are American jobs. The maintenance of this, all of these things are available today. The gentleman mentioned California. Yes, California is way out in front, really, competing with New York on who can be the best to decarbonize, to move away from it. Unfortunately, the administration is going exactly the wrong direction. The President wants to do away with the mileage standards, the fuel mileage standards for automobiles, wants to re-introduce coal back into the economy, which is the worst of all energy sources. We don’t need to do that. We can do it. We have proven that it can be done, in California and other places, in other parts of the world. We cannot go backwards. We owe it to the future generations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.076 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9664 November 27, 2018 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. G
ARAMENDI presented that panel with Make It In America, it reminds me that, as you solve this crisis, as you speak to carbon pollution, you are going across so many policy areas: eco-nomic development, transportation, health, job training, certainly science and technology, energy and commerce. All of these disciplines. It just travels across all of these areas of activity be-cause the solution is multifaceted. We need to do that. I talk to folks who will say: Gee, my newborn, or the youngest of our fam-ily, is struggling with asthma. And they are saying: I hear that asthma is up. I say: Well, have you related it to carbon pollution? The public health cost, the public health impact here is tremendous. So, as we work on this, we are allowing for policy in so many different areas to take hold so that we can go forward with an inclusivity that allows for a lot of work to be done, which generates jobs, oftentimes with research. And re-search equals jobs—sound, paying jobs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly. Mr. Speaker, Mr. T
ONKO mentioned asthma. We Democrats campaigned on a better deal for the people, which I just happened to put up here: A better deal for the people. We talked about healthcare. Asthma is a preexisting condition. We have a challenge to deal with the Affordable Care Act and the Republican attempt to reinstitute insurance companies being able to discriminate based upon preexisting conditions. All of these things will tie back: job creation, new technologies, research, healthcare. All of this, in one way or another, comes back to this question of climate change. So we need to address it. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, let me just address some of those that aren’t as clearly connected. Mr. G
ARAMENDI talks about the need to address public health and to address that bending of the cost curve for healthcare. Well, wellness is an impor-tant part. If we can reduce the number of asthma cases, we are doing a big share of the activity that is required. Also, one would never expect, per-haps, that the Department of Defense would be out front on this issue. Why? Because they see a population boom around the world, and they see eroding land and crop failure because of drought. Well, they see that as civil unrest. They see it as a situation that can be damaging to the world community. That civil unrest is of great concern to the Department of Defense. So there are these dynamics that seem so disconnected from this overall topic of carbon pollution. And, yes, when people are faced with that direct question—Where are you on carbon pol-lution?—of course it is the logical thing: Reduce it. Reduce it. It doesn’t take that much of an ef-fort. It takes the will to go forward and relate to energy efficiency, relate to greening up our policy, relate to renew-able energy, battery development as a linchpin that can provide more cer-tainty and predictability. We have it within our capacity, and I am con-vinced we will move forward as a House come January addressing this issue that has languished for far too long. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gen-tleman for leading us in this discussion this evening. It is critical; it is vitally important; it will save dollars; and it will grow jobs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TONKO very much for joining us. This issue is about those of us who are here today, but it is, far more im-portantly, about those who will be in the future. I want to dedicate this hour to a very special person, our new grandson, Grady Christopher Bardet, who was born yesterday afternoon. Mr. TONKO. Congratulations. Mr. GARAMENDI. He will live in the future, either a very good future that we and our colleagues here build for him, or one that is not. To Faith and Eric Bardet, we love you. Thank you for this beautiful gift. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. G
ARRETT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and November 28 on account of pressing duties. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly an enrolled bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker. 
H.R. 5784. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Of-fice Building’’. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 3554. An act to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at noon. OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: SUSAN WILD, 15th District of Pennsyl-vania. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6929. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — De Minimis Exception to the Swap Dealer Definition (RIN: 3038-AE68) re-ceived November 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 6930. A letter from the Chairman and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities (RIN: 3052-AD28) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6931. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Office of Secondary Mar-ket, Farm Credit Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Orga-nization; Funding and Fiscal Affairs, Loan Policies and Operations, and Funding Oper-ations; Farmer Mac Investment Eligibility (RIN: 3052-AC86) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 6932. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rule — Moral Exemp-tions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Af-fordable Care Act (RIN: 1210-AB84) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6933. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27NO7.078 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9665 November 27, 2018 
Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rule — Religious Ex-emptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Af-fordable Care Act (RIN: 1210-AB83) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6934. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s direct final rule — Revi-sions to Safety Standard for Portable Hook- On Chairs [Docket No.: CPSC-2015-0016] re-ceived November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6935. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of Strategic Operations and Regulatory Affairs, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the De-partment’s final rules — Religious Exemp-tions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Af-fordable Care Act [CMS-9940-F2] (RIN: 0938- AT54) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6936. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Anacostia River, Washington, DC [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0473] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6937. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to Testing Regu-lations for Air Emission Sources [EPA-HQ- OAR-2016-0510; FRL-9986-42-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AS95) received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6938. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final action — Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and Nonattainment New Source Review (NNSR): Aggregation; Recon-sideration [EPA-HQ-OAR-2003-0064; FRL-9986- 47-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AP80) received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6939. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Outer Continental Shelf Air Regulations; Consistency Update for Massa-chusetts [EPA-R01-OAR-2018-0011; FRL-9983- 52-Region 1] received November 14, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6940. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Azoxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0744; FRL- 9985-45] received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6941. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Arizona Air Plan; Hayden Lead Nonattainment Area Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard [EPA-R09- OAR-2018-0222; FRL-9986-31-Region 9] re-ceived November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6942. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants and New Source Performance Standards: Petroleum Refinery Sector Amendments [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2010-0682; FRL-9986-68-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT50) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6943. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Implementation of the 2015 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone: Nonattainment Area State Implemen-tation Plan Requirements [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2016-0202; FRL-9986-53-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS82) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6944. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Con-necticut; Volatile Organic Compound Emis-sions From Consumer Products and Archi-tectural and Industrial Maintenance Coat-ings [EPA-R01-OAR-2018-0099; A-1-FRL-9983- 32-Region 1] received November 16, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6945. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus amyloliquefaciens strain ENV503; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0460; FRL-9985-98] received November 16, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6946. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AK: Fine Particulate Matter Infrastructure Re-quirements [EPA-R10-OAR-2017-0597; FRL- 9986-49-Region 10] received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6947. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.3613 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Filing of Con-tracts [MB Docket No.: 18-4]; Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative [MB Docket No.: 17-105] received November 13, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6948. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Supply Chain Risk Management Reliability Standards [Docket No.: RM17-13-000] received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6949. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Mo-bility Division, Wireless Telecommuni-cations Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Promoting Investment in the 3550-3700 MHz Band [GN Docket No.: 17-258] received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6950. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Yemen that was de-clared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6951. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-44, pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6952. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-45, pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6953. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-39, pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6954. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-058, pursuant to the reporting require-ments of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6955. A letter from the Acting Chair, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period ending September 30, 2018, pursu-ant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6956. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s semiannual Inspector General’s report for the period of April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6957. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s Performance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6958. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chairman, Audit Committee, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s consolidated report, pursu-ant to the Federal Managers’ Financial In-tegrity Act and the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6959. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2018 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6960. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2018 Agency Fi-nancial Report, pursuant to the Office of Management and Budget Circular A-136, Fi-nancial Reporting Requirements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27NO7.000 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9666 November 27, 2018 
6961. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of Strategic Operations and Regulatory Affairs, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the De-partment’s final rules — Moral Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [CMS-9925-F] (RIN: 0938-AT46) re-ceived November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6962. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Horn-blower Fireworks Display; San Francisco Bay; San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0847] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received Novem-ber 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6963. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dela-ware River; Penn’s Landing; Philadelphia, PA; Fireworks Display [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0711] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received Novem-ber 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6964. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Blue Angels Air Show; St. Johns River, Jackson-ville, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0232] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6965. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Dock-et No.: USCG-2018-0869] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6966. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Fox River, Brown County Fireworks, Green Bay, WI [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0910] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6967. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Colum-bia River, Cascade Locks, OR [Docket Num-ber: USCG-2018-0998] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6968. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tankers-Automatic Pilot Sys-tems [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0926] (RIN: 1625-AC27) received November 13, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6969. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tions; Tchefuncta River, Madisonville, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0963] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6970. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Harmonization of Fire Protec-tion Equipment Standards for Towing Ves-sels [Docket No. USCG-2017-1060] (RIN: 1625- AC43) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6971. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Alle-gheny River, miles 0.25 to 0.7, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket Number USCG-2018-0986] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6972. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Design Standards for Highways [Docket No.: FHWA-2017-0001] (RIN: 2125-AF72) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6973. A letter from the Senior Attorney-Ad-visor, Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Environ-mental Impacts and Related Procedures [Docket No.: FHWA-2015-0011] (RIN: 2125- AF60; 2130-AC64; 2132-AB26) received Novem-ber 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6974. A letter from the Paralegal Spe-cialist, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Environ-mental Impacts and Related Procedures [Docket No.: FHWA-2015-0011] (RIN: 2125- AF60; 2130-AC64; 2132-AB26) received Novem-ber 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6975. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Oper-ation Regulation; Hackensack River, Jersey City, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0110] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6976. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Duluth Ship Canal, Duluth-Superior Harbor, MN [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0181] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6977. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Presumption of Herbicide Exposure and Presumption of Disability Dur-ing Service for Reservists Presumed Exposed to Herbicides (RIN: 2900-AP43) received Octo-ber 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6978. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Adjusted Applicable Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by Secs. 4375 and 4376 [No-tice 2018-85] received November 14, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6979. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Income-Re-lated Monthly Adjustment Amounts for Medicare Part B and Prescription Drug Cov-erage Premiums [Docket No.: SSA-2018-0041] (RIN: 0960-AI37) received November 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2846. A bill to re-quire the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–1043). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3121. A bill to re-quire the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–1044). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3154. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 rel-ative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General (Rept. 115–1045). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6777. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of settle-ment agreements, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1046). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3588. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide for manage-ment of red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1047). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3608. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1048). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4731. A bill to extend the retained use estate for the Caneel Bay resort in St. John, United States Virgin Is-lands, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1049). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6346. A bill to amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27NO7.000 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9667 November 27, 2018 
the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to pro-vide for consideration of the totality of con-servation measures in determining the im-pact of proposed Federal agency action (Rept. 115–1050). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6345. A bill to provide for greater county and State consultation with regard to petitions under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–1051). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6365. A bill to establish the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo Land Grant-Merced Claims Commission and other Federal policies for the restoration of land for hardships resulting from the incomplete and inequitable implementation of the Trea-ty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to affirm Land Grant-Merced property rights protected by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1052). (Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6678. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain National Park Service land in Fairfax Coun-ty, Virginia, to the Friends of the Claude Moore Farm (Rept. 115–1053). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILLS Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
[Omitted from the Record of November 20, 2018] H.R. 237. Referral to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 2085. Referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for him-self, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. C URTIS , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. B
ALDERSON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. D UNN, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 7169. A bill to transfer the responsi-bility of verifying small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans or service- disabled veterans to the Small Business Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself and Mr. P
OCAN ): H.R. 7170. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to require the consideration of invasive species when prescribing fishways, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. SENSEN -
BRENNER ): H.R. 7171. A bill to provide for a coordi-nated Federal research program to ensure continued United States leadership in engi-neering biology; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 7172. A bill to make technical amend-ments to chapter 3084 of title 54, United States Code, to correct references to the Af-rican American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 7173. A bill to create a Carbon Divi-dend Trust Fund for the American people in order to encourage market-driven innova-tion of clean energy technologies and mar-ket efficiencies which will reduce harmful pollution and leave a healthier, more stable, and more prosperous nation for future gen-erations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 7174. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow certain veterans organizations to take into account the mem-bership of spouses, widows, and widowers of members of the Armed Forces for purposes of determining tax exempt status; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 7175. A bill to amend section 805 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime pass for access to Federal recreational lands and waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. B
LUM): H.R. 7176. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reestablish the 15 per-cent corporate rate bracket; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7177. A bill to amend title III of the Public Health Service Act and titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act to accel-erate the adoption of value-based payment and delivery arrangements among health care stakeholders intended to coordinate care, improve patient outcomes, share ac-countability, or lower costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. B
RAT, and Mr. K INGof Iowa): H.R. 7178. A bill to establish a uniform and more efficient Federal process for protecting property owners’ rights guaranteed by the fifth amendment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico): H. Res. 1159. A resolution commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Indian Child Wel-fare Act of 1978; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 7169. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 7170. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to the general Welfare of the United States). By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7171. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 7172. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 7173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 7174. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 7175. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 7176. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7177. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. REED: H.R. 7178. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.017 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9668 November 27, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. The Congress shall have Power to o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. The Con-gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 502: Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 719: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 795: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 866: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 893: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 947: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1017: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1374: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1409: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B ERA, and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1444: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 1567: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 1776: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1889: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2161: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2315: Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 2392: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2417: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 2472: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2651: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2946: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3148: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3197: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 3513: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 3592: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3730: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 3827: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3923: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3931: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4044: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4057: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4253: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 4328: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4485: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 4638: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4691: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4693: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4732: Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S OTO, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5209: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5244: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 5273: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5561: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5573: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5595: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 5911: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 5924: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 6016: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 6085: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6413: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 6495: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 6510: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 6543: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 6636: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 6685: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6700: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 6759: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 6813: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 6854: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. W
ALKER , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6876: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6885: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6903: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 6983: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 6987: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 7037: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 7059: Mr. R
OUZER and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 7086: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 7127: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 7128: Ms. G
ABBARD and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 7129: Ms. G
ABBARD and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 7130: Ms. G
ABBARD and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 7141: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 7142: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 7163: Mr. S
TEWART , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. C
URTIS . H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Con. Res. 141: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 960: Mr. A
GUILAR . H. Res. 973: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 1034: Mr. R
UTHERFORD and Mr. B
UCK. H. Res. 1121: Mr. S
HERMAN . H. Res. 1130: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . H. Res. 1144: Mr. R
OSKAM . H. Res. 1145: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Ms. S
PEIER . H. Res. 1150: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H. Res. 1152: Mr. M
ARINO . H. Res. 1154: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 1156: Ms. G
ABBARD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO7.021 H27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7103 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 2018 No. 186 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, awe and wonder grip us as we think about Your love, wis-dom, and power. Thank You for choos-ing us to serve You and country. Guide us in our work and strengthen us for every challenge. Lord, bless our lawmakers. Give them the wisdom to make a commit-ment to integrity. May they refuse to deviate from right paths, seeking al-ways to accomplish Your purposes on Earth. Use them to help those whose hopes are crushed, who live on life’s margins with no expectations of better times to come. Remind our Senators each day of their accountability to You. May they press on with the duties of this day with hope in their hearts. We pray in Your holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the cloture vote on the Kelley nomina-tion, the Senate recess until 2:15; fur-ther, if cloture is invoked, all time dur-ing the recess counts postcloture on the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BUSINESS OF THE SENATE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate returned from our Thanks-giving recess and got back to work. Since the election earlier this month, there has been plenty of prognostica-tion about what the new Congress will bring, but I would rather focus on the one we are still involved in, and this Congress has more business to com-plete before the end of the year. Even after two historic years of accomplish-ments for the American people, there are still important items left to check off our list. Yesterday evening, we voted to ad-vance the nomination of Stephen Vaden, the President’s choice, to serve as general counsel for the Department of Agriculture. Mr. Vaden has strong legal creden-tials, both public and private sector ex-perience, degrees from Vanderbilt and Yale, and he comes with an upbringing in agriculture. He grew up on his fam-ily’s farm in Union City, TN—and ac-cording to the Tennessee Farm Bureau, it shows. As my friend Senator ALEX-
ANDER referenced yesterday, that orga-nization wrote that Vaden has ‘‘a pas-sion for agriculture that can’t be taught, but that is necessary for the job’’ of general counsel. It is hardly surprising, then, that this nominee received bipartisan sup-port at the committee level, including the support of the ranking member. What is surprising? The fact that since clearing the committee, Mr. Vaden’s nomination has languished for 351 days, waiting for Senate Democrats to end their obstruction—long, even by the standards of this Congress. So I hope that each of my colleagues will join me in turning the page and voting to confirm Mr. Vaden later today. Following the Vaden nomination, we will turn to consideration of Karen Kelley to serve as Deputy Secretary of Commerce. She is a graduate of Villanova. She has built a 35-year record of expertise in investment, man-agement, and financial strategy. She currently serves as Undersecre-tary—a position to which she was unanimously confirmed by the Sen-ate—and oversees the Department’s statistical programs through the U.S. Census Bureau and the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis. Ms. Kelley is already acting in the role to which she has been nominated. Through this service, Ms. Kelley has earned the respect and esteem of her colleagues at the Department. Sec-retary Ross has said he is thankful to have such a qualified individual fill the position. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to advance her nomination today with a strong bipartisan vote. As we look over the record of this 115th Congress, a number of accom-plishments were made possible with significant bipartisan support—from landmark opioid legislation to major improvements in veterans’ medical care and services, to our tremendous progress on appropriations and a lot more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.000 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7104 November 27, 2018 
Our remaining work will require more of that bipartisan spirit when it comes to closing out appropriations, confirming more nominees, and other subjects as well. So let’s continue the momentum and keep moving forward. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNIZING A NEW CERES STATUE FOR THE  
VERMONT STATE HOUSE DOME  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this Fri-day, November 30, at noon, Vermonters will be gathering to see a large crane carefully hoist a 14
1⁄2-foot carved statue of Ceres, the goddess of agriculture, atop the newly gilded dome of the statehouse in Montpelier. I was born in Montpelier, and I am proud of this be-cause it is going to be a great moment for our State and for everyone involved in the project, which has captured the attention of not only Vermonters but of those who have been following the project from great distances with the help of social media. The new version of Ceres replaces a 1938 replica of the original statue that was removed last April after too many severe Vermont winters took a toll on the wood figure. Since that time, Vermont artists Jerry Williams and Chris Miller have been hard at work creating the new Ceres, first sculpting a model and then, out of a big piece of mahogany, they chiseled the final ma-hogany figure. Marcelle and I and my sister Mary, along with David Schutz, had the pleasure of visiting the Vermont Gran-ite Museum in Barre, VT, a few months back to witness Mr. Miller at work. I am the grandson of two stone carvers. One of my grandfathers immi-grated to Vermont from Italy. The other, my Irish grandfather, carved stone in Barre. So it was a thrill to see how Mr. Miller used the original tools of the trade. He took raw wood and turned it into the fine details we now see, from Ceres’ flowing robes to the distinctive veins in her hands. It was really remarkable to see this hunk of wood turn into a real person. Both artists learned their techniques by studying in the studios of Barre’s stone carvers. It is a specialized art that requires intense dedication, pa-tience, skill, and practice. We are so fortunate that artists such as these have carried on a tradition that makes Vermonters proud. It reminds me of the times as a child when I would go in and watch stone carvers at work in Barre, where my fa-ther was born, and watch them turn stone into pieces of pure art. In this case they are using wood. In-cidentally, the reason the statue is made out of wood instead of stone is that wood weighs less, and there is only so much weight the dome can hold. I grew up in a home across the street from the Vermont State House. Ceres was always in our sights. Walking to school, coming back from school, doing my paper route, and being out with my brother and sister and my parents, we would always see Ceres. She is a strong figure, one that befits a State where farming and soil and hard work are so closely linked to our lives. Frankly, over the past few months, when I have been home in Vermont, going by the statehouse and seeing it without Ceres has been odd because it has always been part of my life. So this Vermonter and Vermonters like my wife Marcelle and others are going to be glad to have her back. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this November 10 article from the Barre, VT, Times Argus, profiling these two sculptors be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Times Argus, Nov. 10, 2018] F
OR THE LOVE OF CARVING : JERRY WILLIAMS  
ANDCHRIS MILLER EARNGOVERNOR ’SHONORS  (By B. Amore) Jerry Williams and Chris Miller are united in their love of the ancient craft of carving. It is this common love that has brought them together as a team in creating the 14.5– foot statue of Ceres for the Vermont State House dome. This project, and their separate accomplishments, have won them the 2018 prestigious Governor’s Award for Excellence in the Arts, which will be presented by Gov. Phil Scott at the State House Nov. 14. Carving, a reductive process that was once part of every classical sculptor’s training, has now become the purview of a discrete se-lection of artists in the United States. Barre, of course, is a mecca of stone carving, pri-marily in granite. Its community of skilled carvers who work in the monument trade, as well as executing large public art sculptures and making their own personal work, is a unique resource. The native stone of the surrounding re-gion, and the culture of carved sculpture, drew both Williams and Miller, albeit by dif-ferent paths. Williams talks of attending the art program at Johnson State College and being the only one interested in learning clay sculpture. It was at a time when concep-tual work and mixed media held sway in the art world, but he was interested in learning the basics of sculpture. In order to learn ‘‘real’’ sculpture at the source, he set up an internship with Frank Gaylord, who trained a generation of Barre sculptors. That intern-ship turned into a job and a life in granite. Eventually, Williams founded his own shop, the Barre Sculpture Studio. He talks of belonging to a ‘‘lineage’’ in the sense of the classical studio system that exists in Carrara, Italy, and that was brought to Barre and to the Vermont Marble Company in Proctor in the 19th century. Generally, a well-known sculptor would create a model and the expert carvers in the sculpture studios would then execute it. ‘‘Youth Triumphant,’’ a Barre monument de-picting a young warrior pleading for world peace, was carved by Gino Enrico Tosi, Enrico Mori and John Delmonte from a model created by famous New York sculptor C. Paul Jennewein. Williams is one of the few sculptors in Barre who creates his own model for a commission and then sees it through to execution in his studio. Miller began woodcarving independently in 1976 while studying art at Southern Con-necticut State University and Southern Vermont College in Bennington. Although he is largely self-taught, he worked with the sculptors Lothar Werslin and Billy Brauer of Vermont to hone his skills in drawing, sculp-ture, and anatomy. For his first 25 years as a working artist, he carved only in wood. Living in Calais, in Barre’s shadow, it was inevitable that Miller would eventually carve stone. Finding his way to the studios of several Barre sculptors, he learned the ru-diments of stone carving, and since then has been working in wood and stone, doing both public commissions and personal work. According to Miller, Williams’ classical studies have enabled him to become one of the best figurative sculptors in Vermont. As Miller meticulously carves the Ceres statue in wood, he is constantly taking measure-ments from Williams’ exquisite model. Williams is a consummate artist and craftsman, and builds his models from the inside out, beginning with a metal armature, layered over with clay to create a nude body, then layering clothing on that. His knowl-edge of anatomy underlies the figure, giving it a much more realistic sense than most contemporary sculptors are able to achieve with less rigorous means. Miller’s own anat-omy studies enhance the liveliness of his carving so that there is an incredible flow to Ceres’ robes—something that is very evident in the supine form that is near completion at the Vermont Granite Museum in Barre. Miller’s portraits in wood are incredibly sensitive. The character of the individuals shines through the seemingly obdurate ma-terial. Miller is imbued with a love of carv-ing and speaks of feeling relaxed and joyous at the end of a day of work. His portrait piece ‘‘Stanley Fitch,’’ complete with eye-glasses carved on the face, feels like an inte-gral part of his subject’s personality. The elderly farmer, ‘‘Percy,’’ and the cou-ple, ‘‘Howard and Dot,’’ are more expressive and personal than a photograph or a paint-ing. The character of each person seems alive before our eyes, under Miller’s sensitive strokes. The flow of the lines of carving, all done by hand, follow the form as intimately as a sculptor’s fingers working clay. This is an extraordinary achievement and a real leg-acy creation for many generations. Most of Miller’s personal work in granite and marble is figurative. The female form seems to be of endless inspiration to him. He has also joined forces with other sculptors who have an ongoing project at the Millstone Hill Sculpture Park on the site of the old Websterville quarry. There is a plentiful sup-ply of grey Barre granite, and one never knows when one of Miller’s trolls or Hephaestus, the god of fire, might emerge from an old quarry block. Another popular work is a sculptural truck that Miller built, with community support, that resides in Maple Corner, Calais. Miller doesn’t see much of a difference be-tween public and private work. He ap-proaches them with the same spirit. With personal sculptures shown in galleries, he never knows where they will end up. With a public art piece, the area has to be re-searched, and the artist has to come up with an idea that is relevant. For one commission in Marion, Iowa, a bike-centric community, Miller designed a bike rack supported by granite gloves carved from the town’s photos. One of his bike racks featuring gar-goyles engaged in an eternal tug of war graces Barre’s North Main Street. Williams’ approach to working with clients on public commissions is a genuinely col-laborative one, whether he is working on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.002 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7105 November 27, 2018 
memorial sculpture for a family grieving over the loss of their infant daughter or a 10- foot-high granite Teddy bear for Highland Park in Dallas, Texas. His modus operandi is consistently professional, beginning with drawings, moving towards a clay model, then the final execution in stone using diamond saws and pneumatic tools powered by air. For the Barre City and Elementary School, Williams chose to create a collection of free-standing Teddy bears tumbling playfully in one of the sculptural niches at the school. Williams admits that the challenge of run-ning a carving business and creating per-sonal work is not an easy one. He’s not sure that there is a ‘‘happy medium,’’ and often feels that he is ‘‘stealing time’’ to make per-sonal work. His personal work is often carved granite and mixed media. Two pieces that demonstrate this are ‘‘Argon,’’ a split sphere, combining high polish and texture that contains a line of blue argon gas. ‘‘Neon,’’ a linear piece with a mysterious, mask-like face, is illuminated with a center of red. Williams loves the effect of the light energy contrasting with the density of the stone. Other pieces are always representa-tional, but not figurative. The work ‘‘Warm Gun’’ is a tour de force of softly draped fab-ric covering a form that reveals itself as a gun only after close inspection. Williams and Miller belong to a group of sculptors who believe in collaboration. At times, an artist is awarded a commission and will come to Williams to create the model. If Williams or Miller needs help on a larger project, they may bring in one or two other carvers. Large-scale sculpture takes a coop-erative effort, and it is this spirit of sharing between Williams and Miller that animates the Ceres project. They both tell of a chance meeting at LBJ’s store in Worcester and dis-cussing the requirements for the Ceres sculp-ture. It was that informal conversation that led them to the path of creating a proposal together to apply for the commission. Williams was involved in the early days of the Barre Sculptors and Artisans Guild, a loose affiliation of Barre carvers who were also creating their own personal sculpture. What began as a Friday afternoon gathering to drink beer together at Gaylord’s studio blossomed into a group that showed their work together. Their first show filled Wil-liams’ studio in 1986. Some of those carvers still participate in the annual Stone Show at Studio Place arts. Williams also participated in the Bur-lington International Sculpture Symposium organized by University of Vermont pro-fessor and sculptor Paul Aschenbach. The in-tense six-week symposium resulted in a park on the site of the Moran Municipal Genera-tion Station, which endured for 23 years. Local sculptors worked with sculptors from Japan, Germany, Czechoslovakia, Scotland, the Netherlands and Romania to create a people-friendly environment that has been temporarily dismantled and hopefully awaits a second installation in Burlington’s rede-signed waterfront area. Sue Higby, director of Barre’s Studio Place Arts (SPA), has supported the personal work of Barre carvers by hosting the annual Stone Show at SPA. She has also been a key mover in the execution of public projects in Barre, including developing and securing funding for the Stone Sculpture Legacy Program, which was supported initially by the Charles Semprebon Fund. It was Higby who ap-proached Miller with the idea of creating a site-specific piece in a narrow space between Studio Place Arts and Barre City Place. The resulting ‘‘Unzipping the Earth,’’ simulta-neously a sculpture and a garden, was de-signed and executed by Miller, and won the 2014 American Society of Landscape Archi-tects Merit Award for Public Places. Both Miller and Williams are outstanding examples of the creativity and perseverance that marks sculptors who carve stone or wood. In dealing with an obdurate material, one has to have an eternally flexible atti-tude—a willingness to work with the stone, not in competition with it—a willingness to bend the carving to follow the flow of the grain of the wood or stone. Vermont is fortunate to count these sea-soned professionals among the ranks of its profuse community of artists. They are exemplars of artists who have followed their individual paths, and have succeeded in cre-ating exceptional works of art in both the public and private sphere. They have given generously to their communities, and richly deserve the Governor’s Award for Excellence in the Arts. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BORDER SECURITY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, next Friday marks an important deadline in funding the Federal Government. While we have been effective in passing ap-propriations bills that have funded 75 percent or so of the government, there is still a small but important portion left to be negotiated before we break for Christmas. Part of the debate will be how we go about securing our border, especially as recently, several large caravans of men, women, and children have left their homes in Central America and made the long, dangerous trek to the United States via Mexico. The truth is that the caravans occur on a daily basis. Of course, most of that hadn’t penetrated the consciousness of the American people because it took thou-sands of people en masse, in a big cara-van, to actually get their attention and get the attention particularly of the President of the United States. I bet it would surprise most Senators and most Members of the House to know that in 2017 alone, there were 396,000 people detained at our southern border—almost 400,000 people. These caravans, whether they are the large, massive caravans like we see in Ti-juana or the minicaravans that occur daily in places like the McAllen sector for the Border Patrol—this is a big and important issue. But funding is only one piece of the puzzle when it comes to border security and the migrant cri-sis. I would like to say that I was encour-aged by a story that I saw in the Wash-ington Post dated November 24 entitled ‘‘Deal with Mexico paves way for asy-lum overhaul at U.S. border.’’ This ar-ticle goes on to talk about a policy of ‘‘Remain in Mexico,’’ where the Mexi-can Government has actually provided work permits and offered asylum to Central Americans transiting Mexico. Some of them have taken the Govern-ment of Mexico up on those, but many of them want to come to the United States, understandably, and the prob-lem is how to deal with these large numbers of asylum seekers. This devel-opment, if it proved to be accurate, I think represents an impressive change in policy on the part of the Govern-ment of Mexico in a very constructive sort of way. I want to congratulate Secretary Nielsen, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, Secretary Pompeo, and the en-tire Trump administration for under-taking this delicate and difficult nego-tiation because this really represents a sea change in the way the Government of Mexico regards the migrant crisis. In other words, it is not just our problem. They themselves regard it as part of the solution to this challenge. But the truth is, we can’t look at this issue like we are looking through a soda straw. I had reporters yesterday ask me ‘‘Well, what about what is hap-pening at the bridge in Tijuana,’’ as if that were the whole story. We can’t narrowly focus on just one part and refuse to see the full picture, and that is what I want to talk about here brief-ly. We won’t secure our borders and we won’t solve the migrant crisis or im-prove our asylum system by simplis-tically looking at the problem. We need to look at this as symptoms of a far more serious problem. This is espe-cially true as the issue of migrants il-legally crossing our borders is not new. It has been happening for a long time. It is only recently that there has been no new net migration from Mexico be-cause of improved economic conditions there, and we have seen the flood of people coming up from noncontiguous countries, like those in Central Amer-ica. But of course it started with the softening of our borders and the dis-regard of our Nation’s immigration laws, and it has continued with the rise of crime and corruption across coun-tries in Central America. We need to secure our borders, to be sure. You would not think that would be a controversial statement, but ap-parently some of our colleagues view our efforts to secure our borders with ridicule. They act as though this is not a problem, that this is something all about the midterm elections. Well, the midterm elections have passed, the problem persists, and we need to do something about it. We do need to partner with Mexico, as I mentioned a moment ago, but also the Central American governments to fight against the cartels and the gangs who are terrorizing these countries and affecting ours in such a negative way, in a way that will help address this mi-grant crisis that we are seeing symp-toms of at the ports of entry in Ti-juana, for example. In Tijuana, about 5,000 immigrants made their way there, and more are on their way. The truth is, every time someone successfully penetrates our border by exploiting gaps in our immi-gration law or by illegally entering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.003 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7106 November 27, 2018 
United States, it is an encouragement for more people to do exactly the same. Anybody who thinks that a caravan of 5,000 migrants coming from Central America is the last caravan that will attempt to penetrate our borders is en-gaged in a flight of fantasy because human nature ought to tell us that if it is successful, there are going to be more right behind them. We need to deal with this. We need to deal with the crisis that the Tijuana mayor has called a humanitarian crisis. That re-minds me of what President Obama called the crisis of unaccompanied mi-nors coming from Central America a few years ago when he was President; he called it a humanitarian crisis as well. We need to work together to try to solve it. We know that this group of migrants isn’t entirely made up of innocent asy-lum seekers fleeing poverty or violence in their home countries. The truth is, we haven’t really been able to vet the people in the caravan. And that, of course, is one of the goals of our legal immigration system—being able to look at people as individuals and deter-mine: Do you have a criminal record? Have you been deported previously for illegally entering the United States? It is true—I am confident that this mass of people does include people like criminals and other migrants who in-tend to exploit gaps in our immigra-tion laws and some who have already been deported one or more times from the United States for violating our im-migration laws. I believe the United States is the most generous country in the world when it comes to legal immigration. We naturalize almost a million people a year, and we are the better for it. We have always considered ourselves to be a nation of immigrants but not uncon-trolled illegal immigration. That is a recipe for chaos and danger. We have always been a nation that believed in some order, and the rule of law was im-portant when it came to naturalizing people and becoming part of the great American family. We have always pro-vided refuge to those who fled their countries based on persecution because of their religion or their race or their political orientation or their nation-ality or because they belong to a par-ticular group. We expect those who enter our country to respect our sov-ereignty and the rules and laws of the U.S. Government. There is a process for coming into the country legally, and that is the process that should be followed here. I might say that when a mob of mi-grants tries to break through the bor-der barriers in Tijuana, it is fundamen-tally—in addition to everything else I said—unfair to the people who stood in line and tried to enter the country le-gally and waited their turn for them to break to the head of the line and try to enter by force. Unfortunately, there are organiza-tions that exploit our generosity and use our borders as a transit corridor for all sorts of illegal activity, including drugs and human trafficking. Believe me, if you look at the trial that is oc-curring in Manhattan today, El Chapo, you can learn a little bit about the complex, big, lucrative business that being head of a drug cartel entails. Unfortunately, transnational crimi-nal organizations—another word for cartels—have overrun some of the le-gitimate governments in Central America, and it is no wonder that peo-ple are fleeing. Therein lies the root of the current problem. The cartels and the gangs have figured out that it is quite lucrative to traffic migrants to the United States. Based on what I have read, maybe $6,000 to $8,000 is paid to a drug cartel—one of these transnational criminal organizations— to transport a person from Central America to the United States. That is a pretty good, lucrative business. Un-fortunately, it is illegal and dangerous too. This is exactly the same business model that is used to transport drugs into the United States. Last year, ac-cording to the Centers for Disease Con-trol, 72,000 Americans died of drug overdoses in the United States. About 50,000 of those were opioid-related. Some of those were fentanyl, a syn-thetic opioid. Some of those were pre-scription opioids. But a significant por-tion of those were heroin, and 90 per-cent of the heroin that makes its way into the United States comes from Mexico. This is the dirty business of the car-tels, these transnational criminal orga-nizations—trafficking migrants and children and women for sex and illegal drugs. They are commodity agnostic— whatever will make them money, they will engage in, no matter how vile, how cruel, or how dangerous. They have no morality whatsoever and no regard for life at all. The cartels know we are a generous country and take full advan-tage of our gaps in border security and immigration laws. As long as we fail to address this issue, we are complicit in making these cartels richer. By our own inaction, we are facilitating their illegal and dangerous enterprise. This is not just a problem with immi-gration or drugs or smuggling; it is about all of these issues combined. It starts with the reign of the cartels and gangs in countries like Mexico and countries in Central America. Gangs like MS–13 and Barrio 18 in Central America threaten the safety and sta-bility of the people who live in those countries. They fill an endless circle of supply and demand and operate in a vacuum of power with impunity. But their terror does not stop at their bor-der or our border. Like the mob we have seen on TV, they are crashing through borders and threatening our border communities. They are inter-rupting legitimate trade and commerce through the ports of entry. We saw that the port at San Ysidro was shut down because it couldn’t ac-commodate the mob of asylum seekers and conduct legitimate trade and traf-fic at the same time. So it has a very real prospect of threatening to disrupt not only the U.S. economy and jobs but that of our Mexican colleagues as well. I think that is part of what has gotten the attention of the Government of Mexico. Their life blood is trade with the United States. If that is prevented because of the mobs of people coming across, trying to break through barri-cades and enter our country illegally, then that threatens that life blood and their economy. My home State of Texas shares a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico, and about 40 percent of my constitu-ents are of Hispanic origin. The com-munities along the Texas border are vi-brant, and they rely upon the millions of dollars of legitimate trade that pours through our ports of entry. Texas is home to 29 air, land, and sea ports of entry. That is more than any other State in the Nation. About half of the U.S.-Mexico trade moves through a Texas port of entry. As the volume of commerce that crosses our borders has tripled in the last 25 years, Customs and Border Pro-tection has struggled to keep up with the staffing needs. The infrastructure is old and is being exploited, too, par-ticularly by drug traffickers, who move their high-value cargo through the ports of entry. Texans who live and work in those regions know they can’t afford the car-tels’ continued exploitation of our flawed system. So we need to look at how we can address the thousands of migrants who look to cross our borders and the cartels who exploit our laws while we still protect legitimate trade and travel. Any solution we find must try to strike a balance between com-passion for the migrants and respect for the rule of law and fundamental fairness to those who are doing it the right way. I have taken, of course, numerous trips to the border to meet with the Border Patrol, and I have heard from many of them on this issue. When mi-grant caravans cross our borders, Cus-toms and Border Protection not only has to deal with this massive humani-tarian crisis, but it has to ensure that the cartels can’t take advantage of op-portunities that have been opened up by the fact that the Border Patrol is now consumed with trying to process children and families through the ports of entry in accordance with U.S. law. The cartels know that and take every advantage by moving their drugs through the ports of entry or between the ports of entry because they know the Border Patrol is otherwise occupied with paperwork and other distractions. We need to work more closely with our allies in Mexico and Central Amer-ica to keep commerce alive, which, as I said, is the lifeblood of the economy. By helping in Central America, we can begin to address the root problems that have forced many to flee. At the same time, we need to secure our borders and protect our free trade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.005 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7107 November 27, 2018 
As I said, if our ports of entry are clogged with thousands of migrants, le-gitimate trade comes to a standstill. That not only hurts our economy, par-ticularly in border communities along the U.S.-Texas border, but also our southern neighbor’s, Mexico. The fact of the matter is the United States cannot alone bear the burden of this mass migration. We need our part-ners in Central America and Mexico to work with us to find solutions for these migrants, which is another reason I was encouraged by the article I men-tioned in the Washington Post, which talked about the ‘‘Remain in Mexico’’ program as one way to begin to address some piece of this migrant crisis. My friend H
ENRY CUELLAR , a Member of the House of Representatives, who represents border communities in South Texas, likes to say that we should focus on pushing back our bor-ders. I think that is right. Border secu-rity ends at our border, but it starts in Central America and Mexico. This week, the incoming President of Mexico, Lopez Obrador, will be sworn in. I hope to be at that inauguration on Saturday, December 1, in Mexico City. Soon-to-be-President Obrador said he is committed to dealing with the violence in Mexico that has been brought about by the cartels and gangs. I know the United States also shares a commit-ment to working with this new govern-ment in helping to reduce that vio-lence. Our two governments should con-tinue to work closely together because our interests are aligned. Both of our countries want security, and we want the prosperity that comes from legiti-mate trade. Both of our countries want to see a decrease in the cartel and gang violence. Our relationship is an impor-tant one, and it must continue to be nurtured and to evolve because the gangs and the cartels surely will con-tinue to adapt. By partnering with governments in Central America and Mexico, we can help those countries in bolstering their economies, providing security for their people, and restoring the relationship between their communities and law en-forcement to one that will be built on trust so that their people will feel safe again in their homes. I stand ready to work with others on this issue, but neither I nor my Repub-lican colleagues can do it alone. This will take a full bipartisan effort, and it is going to take a more serious ap-proach than I have seen in some press accounts in which people want to focus, as with a soda straw, on one nar-row aspect of the problem when it is much more complex and much more dangerous than that. So I would invite all of our colleagues to join us in en-forcing our laws and securing our bor-ders and protecting our economy by se-curing free and fair trade. Those who say that by enforcing our laws one is somehow anti-immigrant are engaged in a slanderous lie. It is simply not true. Immigrants who come to the United States legally, who have waited patiently in line, deserve the re-spect and deserve the reward of their complying with the laws on the books. Somebody who jumps to the head of the line and violates our laws, who has no respect for the safety and security of our border communities, and who wants to facilitate the business model that the cartels have, by moving poi-sonous drugs or migrants for employ-ment or by trafficking children and women for sex, has no regard for our border communities, for the rule of law, or for those migrants who come to the United States legally and appro-priately. This is not a onetime crisis. You can’t be against human trafficking but for allowing migrants to be used as human commodities and to freely enter our country illegally. It is the same people who are bringing them into the country. You can’t be against the opioid and drug addiction crisis but for allowing the cartels to exploit our bor-ders by exporting their poison. You can’t sit back and say you want to help migrants who flee their countries but not engage in bipartisan solutions. You simply can’t have it both ways. I hope we will take another look at this humanitarian crisis, as the mayor of Tijuana is calling it and as President Obama called it a few years ago when we saw this flood of unaccompanied minors coming across our borders from Central America, and deal with it with the seriousness and the gravity that it deserves. I look forward to working with my colleagues both in the House and the Senate, as well as with the ad-ministration and our partners in Cen-tral America and Mexico, to find solu-tions that address the migrant crisis without abandoning the rule of law or opening our borders or encouraging others to ignore our immigration laws. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Democratic leader is rec-ognized. 
GENERAL MOTORS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I would like to talk about the unfortu-nate news we heard from General Mo-tors. Yesterday, General Motors an-nounced it was closing five factories and laying off 15,000 workers. The news is a gut punch to workers in Ohio, Michigan, and Maryland. Our hearts go out to them and their families. Many of these people have labored for dec-ades, and many in their families have worked at GM. I know this from our GM plants in New York. To lose your job when you have put so much into it, only to wake up in the morning and say, ‘‘my job is to make the best car possible,’’ is a gut punch and worse. We need to do more—a lot more—to encourage investments in American jobs, in American infrastructure, and to bring back manufacturing. What we don’t need is more rhetoric from the President, who has made a whole lot of promises but who has, unfortunately, failed to deliver for these workers. Here is what President Trump said last year about manufacturing jobs in Ohio: They’re all coming back. . . . Don’t move. Don’t sell your house. . . . We’re going to fill those factories up or rip them down and build new ones. 
Here is what else he said: 
If I am elected, you won’t lose one plant. . . . You’re going to have jobs again. You won’t lose one plant. I promise you that. 
President Trump promised people in the campaign that we would not lose one plant. A lot of people voted for him for that reason. Guess where he said we would not lose one plant. Guess where President Trump promised the people we would not lose one auto plant—in Warren, MI. It is one of the plants that is now slated to close. The words are a painful reminder of just how bankrupt many of President Trump’s promises turn out to be. Do you remember Carrier? The Presi-dent swept into office and promised that Carrier would stay open, thanks to him. He had done a big rally, and 6 months later, Carrier had laid off hun-dreds of workers in Indiana and had moved its positions to Mexico. This is what the President does. He makes big, bold, impossible promises without having much care for the re-sults. Instead of overpromising, the President should roll up his sleeves and work with GM to prevent it from cut-ting jobs. The American taxpayer has sup-ported GM through tough times. Last year, the Republicans handed GM a windfall of $150 million in its tax bill so GM could bring back money from over-seas. It said it would do it and employ people. Well, it is bringing back money from overseas, but it is not employing people. That is what American compa-nies are doing. GM pocketed the tax break we gave it and is closing up shop anyway—with nary a word from the President until after the fact. I see my friend from Illinois here. We Democrats believe you don’t give tax breaks to big companies unless they do something for their workers—not stock buybacks, but employ people, train people, pay them good wages, give fam-ily leave. The President gives cor-porate America—wealthy, big corpora-tions—just what they wish but does nothing to protect workers, except to talk a lot. So I would ask my friends in New York State and throughout the Mid-west and throughout America—work-ing families, the kind of people I came from: When are you going to under-stand that this man sells you a bill of goods? that this President talks a good game but never delivers on his prom-ises? That is what Americans and working Americans, in particular, should understand about President Trump. The awful closings from yesterday are terrible. They are a sad symbol of a President who has failed the Amer-ican working people and given them a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.007 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7108 November 27, 2018 
lot of hot air and no real gains. Cor-porate America—the wealthy—are doing great. Working people—average Americans, people who sweat—get nothing. They are losing jobs. We need more from this Congress than another tax cut for the wealthy, and the American worker needs more from President Trump than empty rhetoric. Just yesterday, he said: Well, there will be new plants. How many people are going to believe that? He has been saying that for 2 years. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, last week, the Trump administration released an important report on climate change that warned of dire consequences by 2050—of dev-astating storms, hundreds of billions of dollars of damage, a massive drain on the economy. The fact that this admin-istration released the report on Black Friday is wrong. It is an obvious at-tempt to bury the findings. But guess what. Even though he released them on the Friday after Thanksgiving, those findings were not buried. They were on the front page of every newspaper. Then, of course, while his own adminis-tration issued a very strong report on climate change, he said: ‘‘I don’t be-lieve it.’’ I have said it before, and I will say it again: President Trump and the Repub-lican Party are like ostriches when it comes to climate change. They bury their heads in the sand as the world changes and as more and more of America and American workers are put in danger. The Trump administration itself has reported on how devastating the costs of their policies will be for future gen-erations of Americans. This report is going to live on day after day, month after month, and year after year. This is not a 1-day story. This is conclusive evidence by the President’s own admin-istration of how bad climate change will be for incomes, for families, for workers, for farmers, and for cities. They can’t run away from it anymore. It is about time they face the reality and work with us to do something be-fore it is too late. This report will be in the news again and again and again. It will bolster those who are going to court to prevent the administration from undoing many of the things the previous administra-tion did on climate change. It is a turning point—a very signifi-cant turning point—in the war, which it is, to keep our globe from getting far too hot for everybody’s comfort. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. President, on the pending judi-cial nomination of Thomas Farr for a seat in the Eastern District of North Carolina, in his legal career, Mr. Farr has repeatedly defended efforts by North Carolina’s Republicans to under-mine voting rights generally and dis-enfranchise African-American voters specifically. This man was chief cook and bottle washer of the State that probably did more to prevent people, and particu-larly minorities, from voting than any other State. It is so bad that the dis-criminatory congressional maps, drawn by the Republican legislature, which Mr. Farr defended, were struck down by the very conservative Supreme Court. Mr. Farr defended North Carolina’s absurdly restrictive voter ID law, also passed by the conservative Republican State legislature, and they tailored their election laws to disadvantage Af-rican-American voters after requesting race-specific data on voting practices. The law was one of five changes to reg-istration and voting, all of which—all of which—disproportionately affected African Americans. That wasn’t a coin-cidence; that was designed. Mr. Farr called the provisions, which a Federal judge said ‘‘targeted African- Americans with surgical precision,’’ a minor inconvenience. Finally, Mr. Farr was a lawyer for the reelection campaign of Senator Jesse Helms and may well have had preknowledge of a mailer sent over-whelmingly to Black voters, with the purpose of intimidating them from vot-ing. Partisan affiliation, my friends, should not matter in this debate. Vot-ing rights are sacred. It is part of our soil in which the tree of democracy is nurtured. It shouldn’t be a Democratic issue or Republican issue. Taking away the voting rights of Americans, of whatever race, creed, color, party, or region is a despicable act. It cuts against the very thing that generations of soldiers have died for—the right of democracy, the right to vote. Every Senator here, including our Republican friends, should be disturbed by the fact that Mr. Farr has been in-volved, often directly, in multiple at-tempts to disenfranchise minority vot-ers. What sticks in the craw is, we are voting on Mr. Farr only because Re-publican Senators—when we Demo-crats were in the majority and still re-spected the blue slip, they blocked two nominees, both African American, both women, to represent a jurisdiction that is 27 percent African American and doesn’t have a single African American judge, even though one-quarter of the people are African American. I don’t care what the ideology is here. Then, adding insult to injury, they are put-ting on the bench someone who would disenfranchise people, particularly peo-ple of color. It is a disgrace. This morning I called Stacey Abrams and Andrew Gillum, both of whom were hurt by attempts to limit voting rights, and they issued the following statement together: 
When it comes to the trifecta of voter dis-enfranchisement—voter suppression, racial gerrymandering, and restriction of voting rights—Thomas Farr is, sadly, one of the most experienced election lawyers in the country. . . . Thomas Farr’s record of hos-tility and disregard for fundamental civil rights disqualifies him for a lifetime ap-pointment that will allow him to codify his discriminatory ideology into law. I couldn’t agree more. I urge my Re-publican colleagues to see the better part of reason, to let, as Abraham Lin-coln said—and we all know what he did—the better angels of their nature appeal to them, not just the political machine that says: This guy helped us get elected. Even if he took away vot-ing rights of people, let’s put him in. One more point, the great Chief Jus-tice John Roberts, who told us he would call balls and strikes, allowed a lot of this to happen when he authored the Shelby decision, which took away protections against horrible things that Mr. Farr helped perpetrate. He said there wasn’t much discrimination anymore. Well, clearly there is. Nine-teen States have rolled back voting rights since Shelby. Mr. Roberts tries to portray himself as a middle-of-the- road, call-the-balls-and-strikes person, but in his decisions he is very far from that, and that is why people see the courts as so political. 
VIOLENCE  
Mr. President, one final point on rightwing violence. I apologize to my colleagues who are waiting, and it will be a brief point when I can find it. I want to comment on a report by the Washington Post yesterday on extrem-ist violence. The report found that ‘‘over the past decade, attackers moti-vated by rightwing political ideologies have committed dozens of shootings, bombings and other acts of violence’’— this is their language—‘‘far more than any other category of domestic extrem-ist.’’ We all abhor violence, whatever its origin—I have spoken out against it— but the conclusion of this report should put an end to the Republican fearmongering, President Trump’s fearmongering, about the so-called Democratic mobs. The hard questions need not be put first to Democrats; hard questions need to be asked of President Trump. There is a question that looms: Is President Trump’s rhetoric encouraging right-wing violence that we have seen in the past few years the No. 1 cause of do-mestic violence? That question needs to be answered. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Ron Chernow is well known as a historian and prolific writer who has written bi-ographies of some of the most amazing people who have lived in our country. One, of course, is on the Founding Fa-ther, George Washington, and another which received acclaim even on Broad-way in New York is the well-known bi-ography of Alexander Hamilton, which inspired Mr. Miranda to write a musi-cal, which is probably the most suc-cessful musical of our time. Mr. Chernow has also written an-other book, which I am working my way through very carefully, the biog-raphy of Ulysses Grant. It is about 900 pages long. It is a heavy book to carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.008 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7109 November 27, 2018 
from one living space to another as a U.S. Senator but well worth the effort. It tells the story of this man who came to lead the Union Army to victory in the Civil War and ultimately became President of the United States. As I have read this biography of Ulysses S. Grant, I couldn’t help but be struck by the fact that one issue emerged after the Civil War, which was probably one of the most challenging of all, the issue about the right of African Americans to vote in the South after the Civil War—the so-called period of Recon-struction. I also commend to those who are in-terested in the issue this book by Carol Anderson, entitled ‘‘One Person, No Vote.’’ Carol Anderson is a professor at Emory in Atlanta, GA. She wrote an earlier book, which I also recommend, called ‘‘White Rage.’’ This book, ‘‘One Person, No Vote,’’ really tries to de-scribe throughout history, particularly after the Civil War, efforts at voter suppression and their impact on our de-mocracy. Professor Anderson was kind enough to ask me to write the forward to this book, which I was happy to do. I am happy to read this book as well because it went into the detail about what hap-pened after the end of the Civil War, when African Americans were legally and constitutionally declared to be citizens of the United States and then set out to exercise their right to vote. Initially, there was some success, but over time the White population in the South started suppressing that right to vote, passing laws that demanded lit-eracy tests of those who would show up to vote, constitutional tests, poll taxes, and the like. Over time, it dra-matically diminished the African- American vote in the South, and that diminishment led many Blacks to pick up and leave in the great migration north. Their departure from the South to the North was to the benefit of States like Illinois, where many thou-sands came to find work and an oppor-tunity to exercise their own freedom, which they thought had been won by the Civil War. How important is this right to vote? Well, in the words of John Roberts, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, at his hearing in 2005, he said that the right to vote is ‘‘preservative of all other rights’’—preservative of all other rights. It is that fundamental to our democracy that we allow those who are eligible to step forward and to express their will when an election is called and choose the candidates of their choice. Over the period of time after the end of the Civil War, there were extraor-dinary efforts taken to suppress the right of African Americans to vote. I say, with some embarrassment but in reality, those were largely promul-gated by people who described them-selves as Democrats in those days. They were the ones largely in control of the political infrastructure of the South who did their best to limit the right of Blacks to participate. One of the noteworthy events in this history occurred in 1890 in Mississippi, when they passed the Mississippi Plan. In Carol Anderson’s words, ‘‘a dizzying array of poll taxes, literacy tests, un-derstanding clauses, newfangled voter registration rules, and ‘good character’ clauses—all intentionally racially dis-criminatory but dressed up in the gen-teel garb of bringing ‘integrity’ to the voting booth. This feigned legal inno-cence was legislative evil genius.’’ She goes on to explain how the so- called Mississippi Plan became a tem-plate for other Southern States to try to find ways to pass local and State laws making it increasingly difficult for individuals to vote, particularly Af-rican Americans and people who did not have great wealth. It was a success for many years, and the participation of Black voters diminished dramati-cally as a result of it. I know this has sounded like a his-tory lesson to this moment, and it would be but for the fact that we are facing this issue again in a vote we will face this week in the U.S. Senate. There is a nominee for the Federal Court in the Eastern District of North Carolina named Thomas Farr. Mr. Farr’s participation in voter suppres-sion is well documented. In fact, the Congressional Black Caucus has de-scribed Mr. Farr as ‘‘the preeminent attorney for North Carolina Repub-licans seeking to curtail the voting rights of people of color.’’ Mr. Farr worked as legal counsel for the 1990 campaign of Senator Jesse Helms. That campaign engaged in well- documented, deeply disturbing tactics aimed at suppressing the Black vote in North Carolina. As an example, the Helms campaign sent out over 100,000 postcards to main-ly African-American voters warning that they might be ineligible to vote for residency reasons. The postcards from the Helms campaign, which Mr. Farr worked on as legal counsel, warned that the Black recipients might be arrested for voter fraud if they came to the polls to vote. Mr. Farr initially told the Judiciary Committee, in which I serve, that he did not participate in any campaign meetings in which this mailing was dis-cussed. However, news reports then in-dicated that Mr. Farr did, in fact, par-ticipate in an October 1990 meeting that included discussion about mail-ings that challenged voters’ residency. Mr. Farr, this nominee for a lifetime appointment to the Federal court in North Carolina, later admitted partici-pating in the meeting, despite what he had said earlier. A former Justice De-partment attorney told the Raleigh News & Observer in 2009 that Mr. Farr ‘‘was certainly involved in the scheme as it was being developed.’’ Mr. Farr also represented North Carolina in litigation over a notorious voter suppression law that the Fourth Circuit struck down in 2016. So his ex-perience in this earlier Helms cam-paign was not confined when it came to voter suppression; by 2016 he was at it again. The Fourth Circuit found that the law—which Mr. Farr defended in court—had ‘‘target[ed] African Ameri-cans with almost surgical precision’’ and that the legislature had ‘‘enacted . . . the law with discriminatory in-tent.’’ That was the very law that Mr. Farr defended before the court. This man, who now seeks this life-time appointment to the Federal bench, has not just a history but a pat-tern of voter suppression. This phrase— that the law he was defending ‘‘target[ed] African Americans with al-most surgical precision’’—has probably been repeated more than any I can re-member in recent memory on this issue. Additionally, Mr. Farr represented North Carolina in litigation related to racial gerrymandering and violations of the National Voter Registration Act. It is particularly troubling that Mr. Farr has been nominated for a judge-ship that, as the minority leader men-tioned earlier, was denied during the Obama administration when they sub-mitted two African American nomi-nees. The Republican Senators from North Carolina kept the seat vacant and would not allow an African Amer-ican to fill it. Though President Obama tried twice, they objected to the nomi-nees. Republicans held this seat vacant for years, clearly with the intention to fill it with someone like Mr. Farr. Let me quote what the Reverend Wil-liam J. Barber II, a prominent civil rights leader in North Carolina, wrote about Thomas Farr in TIME magazine recently: 
I know Farr. I know what he’s done, what he stands for and just how detrimental he will be to his constituents if confirmed. 
There are many conservative lawyers in North Carolina who could serve as Federal judge who do not have the blemished record of advocacy for voter suppression that Mr. Farr brings to the Senate. As Reverend Barber wrote in TIME magazine: ‘‘Being a conservative is not the same thing as spending al-most 40 years fighting to block full citizenship for all Americans.’’ Given his decades-long history of supporting and defending efforts to re-strict the right to vote, I must oppose Mr. Farr’s nomination. I must ask: In this moment in time in the 21st century, as we still battle over the issues that divided this Nation during the Civil War, why would this Senate stand and give Mr. Thomas Farr a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench in North Carolina? What does it say about the majority in the Senate that we would give this man, with his personal history of voter sup-pression, this opportunity? The reality is this, and it is a grim reality: I believe the Republican Party has decided that demographics are not on their side and that the emerging mi-norities in the United States of Amer-ica are not likely to vote their way. So they have embarked on a national pro-gram to limit the rights of people to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.010 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7110 November 27, 2018 
vote—a national program that I find disgusting. To think that the Koch brothers finance ALEC—the American Legislative Exchange Council—and that ALEC promulgates these State laws in an effort to continue to sup-press the vote carries on a sad and des-picable tradition. Back in the 19th century and the early part of the 20th century, it was the Democratic Party, which I belong to, that unfortunately was the home for many of these bigots and led many efforts of voter suppression. Today, sadly, it is the Republican Party—the party of Abraham Lincoln—that is try-ing to suppress the vote of African Americans with many overt, covert ef-forts. The appointment of Thomas Farr to fill this vacancy is as overt as can be. We know who he is. We know what he believes. We know what he stands for. And we know that if he is given this lifetime appointment on the Fed-eral bench, he is likely to continue his lifetime history of trying to deny votes to those who are African Americans. This Chamber that I stand in, with some awe every time I enter it, became the Senate legislative Chamber in Jan-uary of 1859, even before the Civil War began. It witnessed not only the depar-ture of the southern Senators who were loyal to the Confederacy; it witnessed even Union soldiers coming in and camping out here, at times during the conflict, when they needed a roof over their heads. It also witnessed the bat-tles over reconstruction when the so- called radical Republicans were deter-mined to make sure that African Americans would be given a fighting chance in the south. It witnessed the impeachment trial of Andrew Johnson, and it witnessed many other events that have led us to this moment in time in the year 2018. Many of the debates that took place on this floor, many of the sentiments that were debated back and forth over the decades, continue to this day to our generation, to our time, and to our Senate. When we bring Thomas Farr for a vote this week in the U.S. Senate, I hope that the party of Abraham Lin-coln—the Republican Party of the United States—will join Democrats in stopping this nomination. Can we send a clear message, a bipartisan message from the Senate this week that Thom-as Farr and the voter suppression in which he has engaged throughout his life is as unacceptable today as it was in the dark days after the end of the Civil War? That is our responsibility. This Senator will be voting no on Thomas Farr. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Oregon. (The remarks of Mr. M
ERKLEY per-taining to the submission of S. Res. 708 are printed in today’s Record under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, a key component of our democracy is access to the ballot. The Supreme Court ac-knowledged in Reynolds v. Sims that ‘‘the right of suffrage is a fundamental matter in a free and democratic soci-ety. Especially since the right to exer-cise the franchise in a free and unimpaired manner is preservative of other basic civil and political rights, any alleged infringement of the right of citizens to vote must be carefully and meticulously scrutinized.’’ I always say that your voice is your vote and your vote is your voice. In the recent midterm elections, we saw that there are still powerful forces in our country willing to go to incredible lengths to deny Americans their right to vote. It is indeed outrageous that some voters in Georgia had to wait 4 hours to vote, and a candidate for Gov-ernor was the one responsible for over-seeing his own election; that Native Americans and their IDs were not ac-cepted at polling places in North Da-kota; that nearly 20 percent of North Carolina early voting locations were closed this year. Five years ago, in Shelby County v. Holder, the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act. Congress is the only body that has authority to restore and should therefore be taking steps to re-store and strengthen the Voting Rights Act and to expand early voting and automatic voter registration. Why? Be-cause the more people who can readily participate in our democracy, the more our government will be responsive to the people we are elected to represent. Yet, instead of Congress acting to strengthen access to the ballot, the Senate is considering Thomas Farr for a lifetime appointment to the District Court of the Eastern District of North Carolina—a nominee who has consist-ently and for decades put limits on the ability of Americans to exercise their constitutional right to vote. Just look at the facts. Mr. Farr actually defended North Carolina’s 2013 voting restrictions law—a law that would have required photo IDs, which disproportionately impacted Black voters. At the same time, they prohibited certain IDs, such as student IDs or public employee IDs. This law also reduced same-day reg-istration and early voting—a law that was so clearly unconstitutional that the Fourth Circuit described the law as targeting Black voters with ‘‘almost surgical precision.’’ The Fourth Circuit went on to call it ‘‘the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.’’ The facts also include that Mr. Farr represented the North Carolina Legis-lature in multiple challenges to its 2011 congressional and legislative redis-tricting. This was an attempt to draw congressional boundaries in ways that disadvantaged Black voters for par-tisan gain. Those maps were later struck down as unconstitutional and racially discriminatory. Mr. Farr has also repeatedly rep-resented powerful employers against the rights of workers and customers to be treated equally. For example, he represented a rental car company that allegedly imposed additional require-ments on Black customers. He also rep-resented a pharmaceutical company against allegations of gender discrimi-nation, hostile work environment, and retaliation. To be clear, attorneys are not charged—nor should they be—with the views of their clients, but when such a significant part of your decades-long record involves defending clients charged with discrimination and de-fending laws that undermine the right to vote, it is reasonable to question whether that individual can be a fair and impartial judge of similar cases. Mr. Farr’s public comments raise questions about his judgment as well. For instance, he has compared the de-cision upholding the Affordable Care Act to the Dred Scott and Plessy deci-sions. For a reminder, Dred Scott is a case that said African Americans could not be citizens, and Plessy v. Ferguson upheld the constitutionality of seg-regation—both now universally consid-ered shameful decisions. The idea that a decision upholding the expansion of healthcare for millions of Americans is remotely comparable to these rulings should be utterly offensive to anyone who knows anything about America’s history. These are statements of an ideologue, not someone who under-stands that their interpretation of these rulings should be something that people will, if they are not careful, rely on. So these are the statements of an ideologue, not an evenhanded and unbi-ased judge. The people of North Caro-lina deserve better, and let us be clear about who many of these people are. More than one-quarter of the popu-lation covered by the Eastern District is Black—nearly 27 percent. Yet there has never been a Black Federal judge serving the Eastern District of North Carolina in the court’s 146-year his-tory. In 2013, President Obama nominated Jennifer May-Parker, an assistant U.S. attorney and chief of the Appellate Di-vision of the U.S. Attorney’s Office, and she is Black. She was appointed to this vacancy—a position Senator BURR had previously recommended her for— but that nomination was blocked. In 2016, President Obama nominated Patricia Timmons-Goodson—a justice who served on the North Carolina Su-preme Court—who is also Black. That nomination was also held up. As a result, this is now the longest judicial vacancy in the Federal court system. Instead of two highly qualified women, Senate Republicans want to fill this vacancy with someone who is anathema to so many of our commu-nities and, in particular, communities of color. So I would echo the North Carolina NAACP, which said that ‘‘if this nomi-nation is confirmed, it represents an historic insult to justice and to the people of North Carolina.’’ I know there are folks who might consider the odds of stopping this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.011 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7111 November 27, 2018 
nominee and throw in the towel, but the way I see it, if it is something worth fighting for, it is a fight worth having. If it is something worth fight-ing for, it is a fight worth having. This fight against Thomas Farr is a fight worth having because Thomas Farr is far from what we should accept in a nominee. I know we can do better, and we must do better. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from South Da-kota. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the 115th Congress is drawing to a close, and we have accomplished a lot over the past 2 years. Our goal for this Congress was simple—make life better for the Amer-ican people. A big part of that was getting the economy going again. After years of economic stagnation under the Obama administration, American families were feeling the pinch. Growth was sluggish, wages were stagnant, and op-portunities were few and far between. For too many families, getting ahead had been replaced by getting by. We were determined to change that, and so we took action. We passed a historic reform of our Tax Code that put more money in American families’ pockets and made it easier for businesses to grow and cre-ate jobs and opportunities for Amer-ican workers, and now we are seeing the results: robust economic growth, the lowest unemployment level in al-most 50 years, a record number of job openings, growing wages, near-record confidence among small businesses, and the list goes on. In human terms, that means more opportunities for American workers looking to grow and advance; it means more options for Americans searching for a job; and it means bigger pay-checks and better benefits for workers and less worry for families. I am proud tax reform is making life better for American families and grate-ful to Senator H
ATCH and our col-leagues on the Finance Committee for the incredible work they did to get this historic reform through Congress. Tax reform was our biggest economic achievement this Congress, but that is not the only thing we have done to help American workers. Along with the White House, we have lifted burden-some regulations, and we enacted legis-lation, led by Senator E
NZIand Sen-ator A
LEXANDER , to prepare students for the workforce by improving career and technical education programs. We also enacted Senator C
RAPO ’s legisla-tion to give Main Street lenders relief from burdensome Dodd-Frank regula-tions. On the national security front, under the leadership of the late Senator McCain and Senator I
NHOFE , we have reinvested in our Nation’s military to ensure that our troops are equipped not only for today’s mission but to meet the threats of the future. We passed the largest pay increase for our troops in nearly a decade, and we delivered real reforms for our veterans through the VA MISSION Act. This legislation, helmed by Senator ISAKSON , stream-lined the VA’s community care pro-grams to help ensure that veterans re-ceive efficient, timely, and quality care. Once fully implemented, it will also expand caregiver assistance to dis-abled pre-9/11 veterans, an overdue ben-efit for generations of our heroes. We also modernized the Veterans Benefits Administration appeals system to de-velop a quicker, more responsive sys-tem for veterans. On the healthcare front this Con-gress, we passed the SUPPORT for Pa-tients and Communities Act to address the nationwide opioid epidemic. This was a product that contained policies championed by multiple committees and multiple Senators, and I am grate-ful for all the work my colleagues did to advance this important initiative. We also repealed ObamaCare’s indi-vidual mandate tax which forced pa-tients to buy insurance they didn’t want and couldn’t afford; we passed legislation, led by Senator J
OHNSON , to give terminally ill patients access to experimental care; and under the lead-ership of Senator H
ATCH , we passed the longest extension of the State Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program in the program’s history. Another major achievement this year has been the tremendous number of good judges we have been able to con-firm to the Federal bench. Senator G
RASSLEY has done an incredible job of moving these judges through the proc-ess and presiding over the confirma-tions of two Supreme Court Justices. The Federal bench will be stronger for many years because of his work. Senate Republicans have accom-plished a lot in the 115th Congress, and we are excited to get to work in the 116th. Our agenda will stay the same— growing our economy and expanding opportunities for American workers and protecting our Nation. There are those who wonder how much Congress will be able to accom-plish in the next 2 years. After all, we are facing a divided government. We have a Republican President. The American people voted for a Repub-lican majority in the Senate, but they also voted for a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives. Di-vided government doesn’t have to spell the doom of productivity. Over the last 30-plus years, some of our greatest legislative accomplish-ments have been the product of divided government—the 1986 Reagan tax re-form, 1996 welfare reform, the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, national security legislation in 2002, the 2012 legislation to help working families by making the Bush tax cuts permanent, a major re-form of the VA in 2014—all important bills, all the product of divided govern-ment. So I know it is possible for the Re-publican Senate and the Democratic House to achieve big things in the 116th Congress, and Senate Republicans are ready to work with our Democratic colleagues. Now it is up to the Demo-crats to decide whether they want to work with us. Democrats have spent a lot of time over the past 2 years trying to relitigate the last Presidential elec-tion, but if they want to get anything done in the 116th Congress, they are going to need to move past 2016. Tying up the House with partisan investiga-tions of the President or running a Presidential campaign from the Senate floor is not a good use of anyone’s time. We need to spend our time fo-cused on the American people’s prior-ities like helping working families and increasing opportunities for American workers. That is what Senate Repub-licans will be focused on in the next Congress. I hope our Democratic colleagues will join us. If they are willing to work with us, I know that together we can achieve big things for the American people. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture? Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 53, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 246 Ex.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.015 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7112 November 27, 2018 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Hyde-Smith 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 62, nays 37, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 247 Ex.] YEAS—62 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—37 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Hyde-Smith 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 62, the nays are 37. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:15 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will come to order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
TRIBUTE TO ORRIN HATCH  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am here to give thanks. Just a few days ago our country celebrated a national day of Thanksgiving. We celebrated food, fellowship, and freedom with fam-ily and friends. By any measure we are a people endowed with an abundance of blessings. As Americans, we have every reason to be grateful to share the pros-perity of economic freedom, religious liberty, and self-government. Today, I come to the floor to extend my gratitude for one of the most dis-tinguished public servants ever to serve in the U.S. Senate. It is my dis-tinct privilege to stand here today to pay tribute to my good friend and col-league from Utah, O
RRIN HATCH . He is a man widely known for his in-tegrity, character, and temperament. He is devoted to his family, his con-stituents, and his country. With over-whelming support from the good people of Utah, he has served his State and all of America in the U.S. Senate for 42 years. In those four decades of service, he has brought honor, humility, humor, and heart to this institution of the U.S. Senate. He has honed his legislative ex-perience on a broad range of public policies. In fact, none of his peers have led more laws to final passage than my friend Senator HATCH . He has built suc-cessful bipartisan coalitions to enact laws that make a difference in the lives of everyday Americans. As former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and currently the senior member there, he is a champion of religious liberty and the rule of law. He is an advocate for entrepreneurship and free enterprise, as well as a cham-pion of intellectual property rights, which includes being the lead Senate sponsor of the Music Modernization Act. He is just old enough to know when laws aren’t keeping up with tech-nology. Thanks to his tenacity, the new law will help ensure songwriters, artists, and creators that they will be fairly compensated for their works. Like so many Americans, Senator H
ATCH is a man of humble beginnings. He embraces the promise of prosperity and opportunity that makes America the beacon of the free world, and that brings me to the basis of my remarks today. From his decades of service and the chairmanship at the helm of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator H
ATCH has shouldered some pretty heavy lifting in the legislative trench-es to advance free and fair trade laws to foster economic growth and oppor-tunity. As we all know, America is home to at least 320 million people. That is a fraction of the world’s population, and yet America leads the world in eco-nomic output. Thanks to an amazing bounty of natural resources and an eco-nomic foundation that rewards inge-nuity, productivity and creativity, our country, the United States, produces goods and services that consumers around the world want to buy. Senator H
ATCH and I share a core phi-losophy: lowering taxes and trade bar-riers as a winning formula for pros-perity. To paraphrase a philosophy that often is attributed to our 35th President, ‘‘a rising tide lifts all boats.’’ Today, I want to give credit where credit is due. Thanks to Senator H
ATCH ’s unflinching leadership and un-wavering commitment to advance the principles of free and fair trade, Amer-ica’s formula for prosperity and oppor-tunity stands strong for generations to come. It is virtually impossible to recall any trade policy in recent history that does not have the fingerprints of my esteemed friend Senator H
ATCH all over those documents. In fact, he led the re-newal of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015. It paved the way for a ro-bust, transparent review of trade nego-tiations. Like Senator H
ATCH , I understand that America needs to speak with one voice on the world stage for effective, lasting trade agreements. We also agree on the constitutional authority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.002 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7113 November 27, 2018 
of the legislative branch to maintain oversight of these trade agreements. Consultation with Congress is a focal ingredient to ensure that America’s workers, job creators, and consumers benefit from the global economy. Senator H
ATCH also steered through bipartisan, bicameral trade legislation that updated our customs laws. It au-thorized the U.S. Customs and Border Protection to strengthen travel and trade enforcement at our borders. Pas-sage of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 holds our trading partners accountable. It preserves the twin pillars of America’s most important economic assets: inno-vation and intellectual property. Put-ting in place effective tools to protect intellectual property and thwart coun-terfeit and illicit products from infil-trating the supply chain protects all of our consumers, all of our workers, and our job creators. Senator H
ATCH understands that trade agreements can do more harm than good without proper enforcement. Unfair trade can lead to bad trade. That is bad for America. Tax and trade cheats undermine our economy. Sen-ator H
ATCH has worked tirelessly throughout his years at the helm of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee to weed out wrongdoers and, at the same time, to sow the seeds of account-ability and transparency in our inter-national trade regime. Protecting U.S. patents, copyrights, and trademarks are essential to U.S. innovation, in-vestment, and prosperity in the 21st century. Senator H
ATCH has also worked to eliminate barriers to trade that helped developing nations create more open economies. His long-term commitment to renew the Generalized System of Preferences helped to lower input costs for U.S. job creators and manufactur-ers. On Senator H
ATCH ’s watch, invest-ment and opportunity have grown around the world. That rising tide in-cludes the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act and other trade agreements that facilitate economic development and democracy in developing nations. Expanding market access is good for America. As manufacturers and farm-ers in Iowa tell me time and again, that is the case. They want the oppor-tunity to compete in every market for every sale. Americans want to do busi-ness on the world stage and compete on a level playing field. Thanks to Sen-ator H
ATCH ’s leadership with the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, we expanded market opportunities in de-veloping countries. Once again, quoting President Kennedy, ‘‘a rising tide lifts all boats.’’ When things haven’t gone according to plan, Senator H
ATCH has worked ef-fectively to strengthen U.S. trade rem-edy laws, including updates such as electronic reporting requirements to hold bad actors to account and to pro-tect the health and safety of consumers for imported goods and services. Building on the passage of the Amer-ican Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2016, Chairman HATCH also led the way to further reduce trade bar-riers, boost economic benefits, and fos-ter competition for U.S. businesses, our services providers, and our manufac-turers. The Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2017 untangles the burdensome redtape of interagency petitions and enforcement that can make or break a business due to unfair trade shenani-gans. It strengthens transparency and fairness to help American manufactur-ers and their workers compete for busi-ness. In a nutshell, this law helps U.S. businesses simply to stay in business. At the end of the day, all of what I said are things, among others, that fuel the U.S. economy—the opportunity to compete for every sale in every mar-ket. Senator H
ATCH will leave behind a re-markable legacy and a very big gavel. From one public servant to another, Senator H
ATCH , I am grateful for your service. You have an impeccable record and a long list of achievements that lift the tide for generations to come. Thank you for all you have done for your State, for your country, and for this institution of the Senate. To my dear friend, from the bottom of our hearts, Barbara, my wife, and I are grateful for your friendship and wish you well for the future. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President pro tempore, the Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I want to thank my dear colleague from Iowa. He is one of the greatest Senators I have served with. He is just a wonderful friend and a wonderful Senator. He has worked his tail off the whole time he has been here. I am grateful for his kind words. It means a great deal to me. Mr. GRASSLEY. Thank you. Mr. HATCH. Thank you so much. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I have the great pleasure today to talk about a friend. It is a bittersweet moment be-cause that friend is choosing not to stay with us here in the Senate. He didn’t run for reelection. He is going back home to Utah, but I want to take a minute to talk about his incredible accomplishments here as a public serv-ant over a 42-year career—over 4 dec-ades here in the Senate. Some people come here because they want to be somebody. O
RRIN HATCH  came here because he wanted to do something for people, and boy, he has done that. Time after time, he has stepped up to serve the American peo-ple. When Senator H
ATCH retires, the Senate will be losing not only our President pro tempore—that means that he is fourth in line to be Presi-dent, and he is the President pro tem-pore here of the Senate, the most sen-ior Member—but we are also going to lose somebody who, over the years, has been a mentor for a lot of us because he is a person who is committed to legis-lating, to making a difference in the lives of the people of Utah and the peo-ple of our great country. He has been a Statesman. At a time of bare-knuckle politics, isn’t it nice to have that model? That is ORRIN HATCH . Back in 1976, a blue-collar kid from Pennsylvania, who had been a card-car-rying union member, of which he is proud, and later went to law school and in Salt Lake City became a successful litigation attorney, decided to run for the Senate. He was running against a 3- term incumbent. Normally, that is not a recipe for success, but he had a rare and impressive victory for a first-time candidate, and he hasn’t looked back since. When he got elected, I think he prob-ably was a little surprised, but he also realized that he owed something to the people of Utah. That was to put his nose to the grindstone and make a dif-ference for them, and that is what he has done. They say he has sponsored more bills that have become law than any other living Member of Congress. He might even have that record for any Member of Congress but, certainly, for those of us who are still around. He is the former chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, also called the HELP Committee, and the former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. Currently, he is the chairman of the all-powerful Senate Finance Committee. I say that somewhat jok-ingly, but, truly, that committee has jurisdiction over such a broad range of issues, all of which Senator H
ATCH has touched. I have gotten to work with him on a lot of those issues over the years, when I was on the Ways and Means Committee in the House and now on the Senate Finance Committee. We have worked together on tax re-form, on anti-drug legislation, on pen-sion legislation, on healthcare legisla-tion, on intellectual property legisla-tion, and on so much more. I also had the honor of working very closely with him when I was U.S. Trade Representative because the Senate Fi-nance Committee handles trade mat-ters. He was always extremely involved and engaged in expanding the opportu-nities for U.S. workers and farmers to sell their products abroad. With a slew of achievements to highlight, it is his most recent accomplishment that I want to talk about very briefly, and that is the devotion he gave to tax re-form. Remember, it had been 31 years since we had had any significant tax reform in this body. Then, a couple of years ago, O
RRIN HATCH said: Do you know what? We are going to do this. He set up a bunch of working groups, and they were bipartisan. I cochaired one of them with Senator S
CHUMER , who is now the Democratic leader. He said: Let’s go to work on this thing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.023 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7114 November 27, 2018 
Frankly, a lot of people didn’t give him much of a chance. Why? It had been tried previously in those 31 years, and it had been unsuccessful. Then, here we were in this partisan atmos-phere. How could it possibly succeed? He kept at it, and he shepherded through the process what, I think, is historic tax reform and what I know is helping the people I represent. It is helping small businesses, and it is help-ing American workers. It is helping to give people opportunities that they would not otherwise have had. It had been 31 years. Think about that. Back then, Senator H
ATCH was a second-term Senator. Pete Rose still played for the Cincinnati Reds. Ronald Reagan was President of the United States. After 31 years, it was probably a good idea to update the Tax Code, and he did that. It is pro-growth. It is resulting in more investment in people and equip-ment and jobs. As a result, I believe you see this expansion of our economy out there. I think it is the biggest sin-gle reason for it. Wages are finally going up for the first time, really, in a decade and a half, and families have just a little more cash to spend for their Christmas shopping, for their retirements, for their healthcare, for their kids and grandkids. That is exactly what Sen-ator H
ATCH intended when we crafted that new law, and that is a heck of a capstone for an amazing career. I am also, though, very grateful for his work in other areas—in protecting religious freedom, in encouraging tech-nological innovation, in focusing a lot on the tech community and how we can help here in Congress to either provide legislation that helps them to be suc-cessful, which has encouraged this eco-nomic growth we have seen in this country over the last several decades, or to get out of the way, when nec-essary, to ensure that technology can continue to be at the cutting edge here in the United States. He has even helped songwriters. Now, some might think that is selfish of him because he is a songwriter himself, but he did it because he realized that song-writers deserved to get a responsible return and to be able to protect their intellectual property that they had em-bedded in their music and in their vid-eos. So he has been a hero to the folks in the music industry as a result. By the way, he is not done. This week, next week, and the week after, Senator H
ATCH is and will be leading a bipartisan effort with Senator B
ROWN  to save the multiemployer pension sys-tem. Folks, this is not a task that peo-ple take on because it is fun. It is dif-ficult. It is difficult on substance, and it is difficult on politics. Who is back in the lead? O
RRIN HATCH , as cochair of this select committee, which this Con-gress formed to finally come up with a way to keep these pensions from going under, to keep the government entity that ensures the pensions, which is called the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or PBGC, from going under, and, ultimately, to ensure that our economy and thousands of busi-nesses will not be impacted so nega-tively, because we are going to lose a lot of businesses, and we are going to lose the ability to provide people with their hard-earned retirement money unless we fix this system. Once again, he is in the lead and is trying not to do something that is good for him or good for him politically but something that is good for our country that he knows has to be done. In my view, ORRIN HATCH epitomizes what it means to be a public servant and to be a servant leader because he does it through leadership. He doesn’t have to give speeches on civility; he practices it. Over the years, for me, he has been a model of a serious legislator—one fo-cused on delivering results. Perhaps, most importantly, he is a gentleman. He is a gentleman who treats every-body with respect—everybody. Regard-less of your political focus, regardless of who you are in this place or what your station in life is, O
RRIN HATCH  treats you with respect and dignity. Despite all of these legislative ac-complishments during his more than four decades in the Senate, what is he the most proud of? His family. I know that. I got to know his son early on when we worked together as lawyers in the first Bush White House. This was about 30 years ago. He and Elaine, his wife, have been together now for more than 60 years. They have 6 children, 23 grandchildren, and 24 great-grand-children. Now, that 24 might have in-creased since I started talking—I don’t know—but he has a lot of them. Even as he retires as the President pro tempore of this body, I know he is going to stay busy with the Hatch Foundation, and, folks, he is going to stay busy with that growing family. Shepherding tax reform will be nothing compared to shepherding 47 grand-children and great-grandchildren this holiday season. O
RRIN HATCH , we thank you for what you have done for your State and your country. I know I speak on behalf of this body as a whole when I say that the impact you have had during your time here in the Senate has been one that has made all of us better by being around you and has made this country better. I am grateful for having had the opportunity to work with you as a col-league, and I look forward to the pleas-ure of our continuing friendship. Enjoy your retirement, O
RRIN. It is well-de-served. Godspeed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I thank my dear colleague for his kind re-marks. I didn’t expect them. I didn’t realize this was going on until a few minutes ago. So I am grateful to him. Thanks for that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to say a few words about a colleague, a friend, a mentor, and a man whom I admire very, very much and for whom I have so much respect, my colleague Senator HATCH . In Pennsylvania, as in many States, along the sides of the roads in various towns, you often see these commemo-rating plaques of historically signifi-cant places. In Pennsylvania, there are these that are of beautiful cast alu-minum. They are painted blue, and there is gold lettering. They tell you something unique about little bor-oughs, towns, villages, or sometimes sights in big cities all across the Com-monwealth. There is such a commemoration at the house at which Betsy Ross made the first American flag. There is a marker that signifies the spot at which President Lincoln gave the Gettysburg Address. There is the site of the first World Series in Pittsburgh, PA. Now, I am not a member of the com-mission that makes the decision about these things, but if I were, I think you could make a great case for a current and unique Pennsylvania success story. Many of my colleagues already know that Chairman H
ATCH is actually a son of Pennsylvania. He began with very humble roots in the great city of Pitts-burgh, PA, where he attended McGibney Elementary School and grew up in a hardscrabble neighborhood. He developed an amazing tenacity, which we have all seen and come to know, that has stayed with him to this day. As a matter of fact, my under-standing is that the tenacity started at an early age. I understand there was a season during which a young O
RRIN H
ATCH , on the Baldwin High basketball team, managed to foul out 15 times in 1 season. A pretty tough and tenacious guy on the basketball court he was. Yet he was not just a good athlete. The city of Pittsburgh helped to nur-ture in O
RRIN HATCH his love for music. He was a regular attendee at, among other things, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra at the old Syria Mosque in Oakland, which I like to think contrib-uted a little bit to his lifelong love of music. He was a hard-working guy from the beginning. In high school, O
RRIN HATCH  worked his summers as a wood lather, and he was a card-carrying member of the AFL–CIO. The modest income he earned from that job helped to put him through school. Yet, if you had to pick one place to put the marker that would be calling attention to this wonderful son of Pennsylvania, it might actually be a chicken coop in the Pittsburgh area be-cause, while he was struggling to make ends meet right after college, O
RRIN H
ATCH renovated the chicken coop in his parents’ backyard, and he turned it into a little two-room cottage. That is where he lived with his young family. That is where they scraped by while he was attending the University of Pitts-burgh School of Law on a scholarship. The future Chairman H
ATCH grad-uated from that law school. He prac-ticed law in Pittsburgh for 7 years and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.025 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7115 November 27, 2018 
was recognized as a formidable attor-ney in Pittsburgh, in Western Pennsyl-vania, before leaving for Utah, where he would ultimately launch what then looked to be improbable but would turn into being this enormously successful career in government. Of course, the challenge, if you were going to put one of these markers up is this: What would you say? There is just so much to say about Chairman H
ATCH . It is hard to encapsulate his success in this body, certainly on a marker or even in a speech, but let me try to touch on a few of the high points. It is amazing how long he has been so accomplished in this great body. Before I had even graduated from college, Sen-ator H
ATCH had already worked to suc-cessfully pass one of the initiatives for which he has become well-known. In medicine, as the Presiding Officer knows, we have a term called orphan conditions. This really refers to very rare diseases, diseases that afflict fewer than 200,000 Americans. While they are narrow in the scope of any particular disease, cumulatively, they do affect quite a significant number of Americans. They are conditions like cystic fibrosis, multiple myeloma, and ALS. Because any one of these orphan conditions affects relatively few peo-ple, the economics of developing a treatment for one really didn’t work. From 1973 to 1983, the FDA actually only approved 10 orphan therapies over 10 years for all of the hundreds and hundreds of orphan diseases that had afflicted millions of people cumula-tively. Senator H
ATCH recognized this prob-lem. As chairman of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, which was the predecessor to the HELP Com-mittee, Senator H
ATCH worked across the Chambers and across the aisle with Representative Henry Waxman. In 1983, they passed the Orphan Drug Act, which increased the incentives for de-veloping drugs for these rare but, real-ly, problematic conditions. Since that time, there have literally been hundreds and hundreds of orphan products that have been approved and have come on the market. While that law has been updated over the years to reflect the changing technology and changing dynamics in medicine, the fact is the Orphan Drug Act that Sen-ator H
ATCH authored as a relatively new Senator has undoubtedly made a profound difference in saving lives and in improving the quality of life for mil-lions of Americans who previously had little or no hope. It was a very, very big deal. The very next year, Chairman H
ATCH  achieved the passage of another really monumental law in the healthcare space. It is officially called the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act, but everybody around here simply refers to it as Hatch-Wax-man. This is the legislation that really laid the foundation for the generic drug industry that we see today. Really, when you think about it, this has been an astonishing—really, revo-lutionary—innovation that has been enormously helpful for American con-sumers. If you go back to 1984, only about 19 percent of all of the drugs that were dispensed in America were ge-neric, and over 80 percent were branded drugs. That is important because branded drugs are vastly more expen-sive than generic drugs. By 2017, large-ly as a result of the legislation that Senator HATCH authored, that dynamic had completely flipped. In fact, it had more than flipped. By 2017, branded drugs are less than 15 percent of all of the drugs dispensed, and generic drugs, the low-cost alternative, are over 85 percent of all the drugs dispensed in America. This one change alone results in saving American families billions of dollars a year on their healthcare costs. The list of Senator H
ATCH ’s accom-plishments is a very, very long one, and I couldn’t go through all of it. I couldn’t begin to. Again, just to touch on some of the other big ones, there is the creation of the Children’s Health Insurance Program and the passage of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act. All of this happened be-fore I got to the Senate, some many years ago. Then, in 2010, I was elected to the Senate, and I had this wonderful privi-lege shortly thereafter of working on the Senate Finance Committee with Senator H
ATCH as our chairman and our leader. It was a privilege for me, for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is, I had a chance to see up close, in person, and firsthand his leadership style and how effective he is. He is a role model for anyone who wants to have a successful career as a U.S. Sen-ator. He was tremendously productive on his work to repeal Medicare’s flawed sustainable growth rate, which, year after year, plagued healthcare. There seemed to be no solution, but Senator H
ATCH figured that out. He was prin-cipally responsible for crafting and passing the CHRONIC Care Act. Any-body in the Senate could learn a lot from his focus on oversight of our Na-tion’s foster care system, as well as his role in shaping the Finance Commit-tee’s response to the prescription drug abuse and the opioid crisis. It is a very, very long list of really, really impor-tant reforms and innovations in healthcare, but it is not just healthcare. What I think will probably be one of Senator H
ATCH ’s most lasting legacies is the leadership he provided to make it possible for all of us to pass the most comprehensive tax reform in over 30 years. Our Tax Code was broken for a long time. Without Senator H
ATCH ’s leader-ship of the Finance Committee, it would still be broken today. Instead, he helped us to take an outdated, uncom-petitive Tax Code and transform it into a competitive, progrowth Tax Code, bringing down our corporate rate to 21 percent, reversing the trend of compa-nies moving headquarters abroad, re-forming our international tax rules to encourage investment domestically, and allowing businesses to imme-diately write off capital investment. That already has and will continue to lead to a surge of investment, which enhances worker productivity, which is a necessary precondition for wage growth, which we are now seeing. These are the fruits of Senator HATCH ’s labors. He insisted that we lower taxes at every income level so virtually all Americans save on their Federal tax bill, and the result has led to the strongest economy in over a decade and, by many measures, much longer than that. Consumer confidence is at an 18-year high. For the first time that I know of in American history, we have more job openings in America than there are people looking for jobs. Unemployment benefit claims are hitting a 45-year low. In fact, unemployment is the low-est it has been since 1969. These are un-believable numbers. African-American unemployment is at an alltime record low. Hispanic unemployment is at a record low. Youth unemployment is at a 50-year low. As a result of all of this demand for workers, average hourly earnings are rising at the highest year- over-year increase in a decade. That story is true and was made possible by Senator H
ATCH . It was roughly 50 years ago when the Hatch family left Pennsylvania for Utah. That was our loss. It is a big gain for Utah. They gained a great man, a good man, and a future statesman. I will insist that the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania deserves to take a lot of pride in having contributed, at least in helping to shape this good, kind, de-cent, honorable, and extremely influen-tial man and his life. I want to give my personal thanks to Senator H
ATCH for his leadership and for the fact that he has been such a good and honorable man. He enhances the reputation of this body, and he has set a great example for all of us to fol-low. I wish my friend and mentor a very long and happy retirement. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I just can’t express my gratitude for the kindness of my dear friend from Penn-sylvania. This means so much to me. I didn’t even realize it was going to hap-pen. I hustled over here, and there it was. I say to the Senator, I am grateful to you, and I am grateful for the kind re-marks you have made. I couldn’t have asked for more. It was so decent of you, as you always exhibit. You are a great Senator, and I really appreciate your support here today. Thank you so much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I would like to thank the senior Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.026 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7116 November 27, 2018 
Utah who is retiring at the end of this session of Congress. Senator H
ATCH has faithfully served the public for 40 years in the U.S. Sen-ate, constantly using the interface of public policy and the free market to find the best outcome for the American citizen. If the responsibility of Congress is to pass legislation that improves the lives of Americans, Senator H
ATCH has met this responsibility. As two examples, when I was a doctor—before entering politics—treating patients, Senator H
ATCH helped me take better care of my patients. Let me give these exam-ples: The Hatch-Waxman Act leveraged the free market to increase the avail-ability of generic drugs, which means more affordable medicines. The second example I will give is the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, creating the Children’s Health Insurance Program, also known as CHIP, which gave greater access to healthcare for Americans in need. That benefited me as a doctor taking care of my patients. As a Senator, it was an honor to work with him this past year to reauthorize the CHIP program and to continue efforts to make prescrip-tion drugs more affordable. On a personal note, shortly after joining the Finance Committee, Chair-man H
ATCH sent me a letter welcoming me to the committee and making his office available to help in any way his office could. If there is a defining characteristic of Senator H
ATCH , it is that he listens. Whether it is to fellow Senators, the people of Utah, or the people of the United States, Senator H
ATCH listens and works to find a mutually beneficial outcome. This happened when the Federal Gov-ernment came after the Volks con-struction company in Prairieville, LA, for a record violation occurring well beyond the government’s legal author-ity. The District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals stepped in and unani-mously ruled to stop the government overreach, but the Obama administra-tion issued a rule to permit the prac-tice, despite the DC Circuit Court rul-ing. Knowing this was an important issue for companies in my State, as well as in the rest of the country, Chairman H
ATCH worked with me to lead legislation to permanently protect businesses from this kind of govern-ment abuse of power—again, using the free market or protecting the free mar-ket from government abuse. Another example I will give is during tax reform, when Senator H
ATCH lis-tened to colleagues’ concerns and ideas about how to improve the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to give our companies the tools to succeed. The final product was better for it. He worked with me to strengthen and preserve the historic tax credit, which is instrumental in over 780 restoration projects in Lou-isiana. When you go to New Orleans and see all of these old buildings now shining once again in glory, they were probably helped by the historic tax credit, leveraging $2.5 billion in private investment, creating over 38,000 jobs in Louisiana alone. This is again marrying, if you will, the free market with public policy. The last issue I will mention, of the many I could, is the following: Since first elected, Senator HATCH has worked to help Americans in their re-tirement years by increasing access to various types of retirement savings plans to ensure that the widest range of people save for their future. His leg-islation gave businesses, particularly smaller businesses, the tools needed to offer retirement plans to workers at the lowest possible cost, leveraging the interface of government policy with the market to improve the lives of many in their retirement. In his tenure, he pushed for sound so-lutions to the pension issues facing State and local governments. Again, using the interface between govern-ment policy and the market to lower the cost of medications. To increase access to healthcare, he promoted the use of sound policy to allow the Amer-ican economy to thrive. It is this work that those of us who remain in Con-gress must now pick up and continue. Scripture says that ‘‘the greatest among you shall be your servant.’’ We have been blessed to have had Senator H
ATCH ’s wisdom and leadership in the Senate. We have been blessed to have had his wisdom and leadership for our country, and we thank him for his great service to the people of Utah, to the people of Louisiana, and to all Americans. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I am grateful to my colleagues and espe-cially my colleague from Louisiana for his kind remarks on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It means so much to me. I want him to know that. I want the others to realize how much I appreciated their taking time to come to the floor and expressing their opinions about my service in the Senate. This is a difficult thing for me be-cause I love the Senate. I love both sides. I love my Democratic colleagues. It is no secret that I have worked with both of them to bring great legislation to the floor of the Senate and to pass it. I have to say to the colleagues on my side, there isn’t one of them I don’t re-spect. Every one of them I have great fondness and affection for. I sure appre-ciate the Senator from Louisiana and the others who have spoken here today. I am genuinely touched by the kind words and thoughts from my respected colleagues, Senators G
RASSLEY , P
ORTMAN , TOOMEY , and of course C AS-
SIDY. I say to them, you are all dear friends, excellent Senators, and I am very grateful for your comments. More than that, I am deeply grateful for your friendship and the impact your dedication and patriotism have had on me. Of course, that also holds true for all members of the Finance Committee with whom I have had the honor and privilege of serving. Recently, in the Finance Committee, we passed comprehensive tax reform, a 10-year CHIP extension, saw a health insurance protection extension, a crit-ical 5-year extension of the highway trust fund, and TPA, along with several other trade bills. I can say with great confidence that most of these accom-plishments would not have borne fruit without help from each of the Senators and many of our friends on the com-mittee. Today marks one of the last times I will have the opportunity of standing before the Senate to speak on my work within the Finance Committee’s vast jurisdiction and, of course, the fights and victories I have been a part of. While we may not have been able to close on many of these achievements until recently, they have all been built on hard work that I, other members of the committee, and the wider Senate have engaged in over the past few dec-ades. For example, earlier this year, I was very happy to see a 10-year reauthor-ization of the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, or CHIP. Ten years, that is the longest CHIP extension in the history of the program, and I am grateful to my colleagues for it. It is a program that provides insurance to over 9 million children in distress a year. Creating CHIP was a bipartisan model of success. Senator Ted Kennedy and I were only able to pass CHIP the first time because we both were willing to cross the aisle to see this program succeed. This bipartisan work ethic ex-tended to many pieces of legislation I worked on while on the Finance Com-mittee. In 2015, we were able to renew Trade Promotion Authority, which is one of the most important tools Congress has that allows us to work hand in hand with the executive branch to advance our Nation’s trade agenda. TPA helps to ensure our trade agreements are held to the highest standard. Not every piece of legislation I am proud of has gone through without a fight, though. We can’t forget last win-ter, when I was so proud to be a part of shaping the historic tax reform legisla-tion that is boosting economic growth today, lowering unemployment today, and spurring job creation today. We worked hard in the Finance Committee to fix the broken Tax Code and, by all accounts, it appears we did a pretty good job. This legislation was built on years and years of work in the Finance Com-mittee, and I am very appreciative of my colleagues. I led the creation of working groups, released opinion pa-pers and recommendations, and held 70 hearings on how to improve the Tax Code since I became the top Republican on the Finance Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.028 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7117 November 27, 2018 
As part of tax reform, we were also able to repeal the individual mandate tax, which forced Americans to buy health insurance they did not want or could not afford. These are just a few of the accom-plishments I have been privileged enough to shepherd through during my service, and they are darn few com-pared to what we have been able to do. While I am proud of these accomplish-ments, there is always more to be done, which is why, in addition to thanking all my friends, colleagues and mentors throughout the years, I would like to share some parting words of advice that I have picked up through my work on the Finance Committee, and other committees, for those who will remain in this Chamber. I see these next few years as critical to the future of our country, to the fu-ture of our ideals, and to the future of freedom not only here but throughout the world. As such, I have a few sugges-tions I would like to make to my col-leagues. First, be earnest, be honest, and guard at all times your integrity. If we cannot take the time to think deeply about an issue, to reason it out, and speak honestly among ourselves and our constituents, it will be impossible to enact lasting and meaningful change. To quote my good friend Senator K
ENNEDY , ‘‘Integrity is the lifeblood of democracy. Deceit is a poison in its veins.’’ That means sometimes, often when it is least convenient, we must speak the hard truths. That process will often lead to discord, falling short, or strug-gling for years to fix vexing problems or disagreements. As Winston Church-ill once famously said, ‘‘You have en-emies? Good. That means you stood up for something, sometime in your life.’’ So have courage and act. Second, if you don’t care who gets the credit, you will be amazed at what you can achieve. In politics, that can be a hard sentiment to swallow, but fo-cusing on taking the credit more often than not undermines outcomes. Most of the pieces of legislation I am most proud of had dozens of cosponsors, were widely seen as bipartisan, and have re-mained on the books largely because I did not get everything I wanted. An article of my faith is, ‘‘If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.’’ That article speaks only to the re-sults and not at all about taking the credit. The more I learned to focus on that principle, the better off I have been. Finally, be grateful, be kind, and be quick to forgive. At the end of the day, my friends, we are all people, and peo-ple often disagree. Our differences may be as innumerable as our similarities, but if we start with the premise that every Member’s intent is to improve our country and the life of its citizens, then our disagreements are logistical, not personal. I have always truly believed that just about every Member of this body wants to do the right thing for the American people, but they sometimes want to go about it in different ways. What we must never do is question a fellow Sen-ator’s dedication to their country; we must never question their dedication to democracy; and we should never dis-parage them personally when each of us has given so much. Our job in Congress is the difficult task of aggregating disparate pref-erences and molding them into laws to make people’s lives better. That leads to what many describe as sausage mak-ing. The process generates heated de-bates and sometimes rancor. Yet I have no doubt about the convictions to do good on the part of all of my esteemed colleagues on the Finance Committee and in Congress in general. I have no doubt about how sincere and convicted my good colleagues really are. I have enjoyed everyone here. I have to say that if you work hard and you study hard and you open your mind to the other person’s ideas and ideals and you are willing to make some changes that accommodate oth-ers and you are willing to realize that you don’t have all the answers, then you can have a great time here, you can be very successful and, in the end, be able to retire, as I am, feeling like I have done good work here. I love my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I respect my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I love this coun-try with every fiber of my being. I love the Constitution, which gives us free-doms that we all take so much for granted throughout this country. I am grateful for honest, decent people like all of the Senators whom I have served with in the U.S. Senate, both now and in the past. I am grateful for the Sen-ate rules. I am grateful a little, scrawny U.S. Senator from Utah could lead a fight against an outrageous labor bill that everybody knew was wrong and actu-ally win it on the floor of the Senate because of just guts and the ability to stand here and take the abuse. Labor law reform dramatically changed this country, nearly ruined our country, without really helping the unions. I was raised in the union movement. I actually held the union card I earned through apprenticeship, my journey-man’s license. I am proud of that. I am proud of my union friends, but when you try to take unfair advantage, somebody has to stop it, and I am grateful I was given that assignment early on with this matter, with 62 Democrats and only 38 Republicans. I can still remember a number of Demo-cratic Senators coming up to me and saying: Hey, kid—because I was still pretty young then—hey, kid, you have to win this. This is bad for the country. And I asked them: Are you going to help me? And more often than not they would say: Well, I can’t help you, but I am with you. There was a lot of pressure. There was a lot of effort made to try and stop men and women from doing what was right. If we had not won on labor law reform, we would have gone straight to socialism, and it would have been the end of this great country. We have come close a few other times as well. This is, without question, the great-est country in the world. Without ques-tion, this is the greatest deliberative body in the world. Without question, I acknowledge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as tremendous states-men and women who really have been here for the right reasons. I am grate-ful I have had the opportunity of serv-ing in this body, and I am grateful for the 42 years I have put in. I can’t say I have enjoyed every one of those years, but looking back on it, I think I have to say that I have really enjoyed being here. I love my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I respect my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I want this body to continue on and be successful for America, not only for America but for the rest of the world because this is where freedom really exists. This is where freedom can be maintained. This is where freedom can be felt in your guts. I felt it. I know a lot about free-dom. I know a lot about the U.S. Sen-ate. I know a lot about my colleagues and the good things about them. I am going to remember the good things; I am not going to remember things that used to irritate me or wrangle me. There weren’t many of those compared to the good nature and quality of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I am grateful for this body. I am going to miss it terribly. I think there comes a time when you really ought to hang it up, not because I can’t do this work anymore—I sure can—but be-cause I worked hard to get a worthy successor, and Mitt Romney is going to be that. He is an outstanding human being. He is an honest, decent, morally upright human being. I think he will work hard and be a great asset to the U.S. Senate. He will not have the se-niority I have as the most senior Re-publican in the U.S. Senate, but he has a lot of things going for him, and I sus-pect he will make a great addition to the U.S. Senate. Knowing that he was willing to run, having chatted with him and talking to him about running, I feel really decent about wrapping it up and saying not goodbye, but I will be watching. I will be praying for you. I will be doing everything in my power to support both Houses of Congress in this, the greatest country in the world, with the greatest set of legal principles the world has ever known and I think with the greatest people we have ever known. So with that, I express my gratitude to the U.S. Senate, to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, both presently in the Senate and those who have gone on to other worlds. I personally express gratitude to everyone here because vir-tually everyone has shown me great favor and great kindness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.029 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7118 November 27, 2018 
When I came here, I came here to fight Senator K
ENNEDY because I thought he was too liberal and that he was not a good Senator. I don’t think he had passed really any legislation when I got here. I don’t think he did until I became chairman of the com-mittee, but he was a great legislator, and he did have an awful lot to say on his side. I think he would be the first, if he were alive today, to say we finally talked it out together, decided to work together, decided to accomplish things together, decided to stand together. When we were in battles, they were really hard-fought battles, but they were battles on principle, for the most part. I have to say I am grateful for the ex-periences I have had in the Senate with virtually every Senator who has been in the Senate. In all of my years of being here, I have to say I have love for every one of the Senators who has served here. There are a couple I have less love for, but by and large I even have love for them. These folks in this Senate are really good people. They care about the coun-try. They care about trying to do what is right. They are willing to fight for their principles, and they can be worked with. I challenge my colleagues to work together with the best inter-ests of this country. If you will, this country is going to go on and be a very, very happy, prosperous, and successful country. I will end by saying I am so grateful for the privilege of being in this body for 42 years and knowing all of you, in-cluding our clerical workers, our ste-nographers, and, of course, the Parlia-mentarians, Secretaries, and all of the people affiliated with the U.S. Senate. No wonder it is the greatest delibera-tive body in the world. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today on two matters. I wish to begin by expressing my opposition to the nomination of Thomas Farr to the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina. As a Senator from a State with a tra-dition of high voter turnout—in fact, in the last Presidential election, with the highest voter turnout in the country— in the election a few weeks ago, nearly 64 percent of Minnesota voters cast their ballot. This isn’t just registered voters; it is eligible voters. We are talking about an issue that, in my State and in so many places around the country, is fundamental to our democ-racy—access to the polls. It is the cen-tral pillar of our democracy. If people can’t vote, they can’t have a say and we don’t have a real democracy. It is that simple. That is why I am here to voice my opposition to Thomas Farr— because of his long record of defending discriminatory voting laws and redis-tricting plans. In North Carolina, Mr. Farr defended one of the most restrictive voting laws that we have seen, which, in addition to establishing a discriminatory voter ID requirement, eliminated same-day voter registration. By the way, I have spent a lot of time on this and have a bill to institute this across the country. Same-day voter registration is really the key. When you look at the top 10 States for voter turnout—some are red, some are blue, some are purple—what do they have in common? They have same-day registra-tion. It makes it easier for people to vote. As long as they can prove where they live—with a neighbor, with a gas bill, you name it—they are able to reg-ister that day. That is the key when you look at all the numbers. What did Mr. Farr do? He actually defended one of the most restrictive voting laws, eliminating same-day voter registration. He reduced early voting and did away with voter reg-istration for 16- and 17-year-olds. How did he do it? He did it by defending those laws. When the law was challenged in court, the Fourth Circuit Court of Ap-peals found that it was enacted with the intent to discriminate against mi-nority voters. In its ruling, the court said that the law targeted minority voters. This is a quote from the circuit court, which is actually one of the more conservative circuits. They said that they did it with ‘‘almost surgical precision.’’ Mr. Farr also defended North Caro-lina’s redistricting plan against claims that it used race as the predominant consideration in drawing two congres-sional districts. A district court found that the plan constituted an unconsti-tutional racial gerrymander. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court, which agreed with the district court’s decision. So you don’t have just one incident of someone maybe getting on a legal brief or writing something or doing a law review article or writing a paper in college or in high school. This is a long, consistent, systematic record of defending discriminatory voting schemes. And I say ‘‘schemes’’ because that is what they are. They are done with the intention to discriminate against people of color. We should be making it easier to vote in our elections, not harder. That is why I am introducing legislation to automatically register eligible voters when they turn 18. That would be so easy. We wouldn’t have to have all these fights all the time. We have mod-ern-day technology that lets my home-town company of Target find a pair of shoes with a SKU number in Hawaii. There is no reason we can’t go through the records and make sure we simply register people who are legal to vote when they turn 18. It is not just Mr. Farr’s work in the courts that is concerning; I am also troubled by his involvement in a polit-ical campaign that was accused of en-gaging in tactics to discourage, once again, African Americans from voting. The Department of Justice’s Civil Rights Division filed a complaint alleg-ing that the campaign Mr. Farr worked on sent tens of thousands of postcards to heavily African-American districts intended to intimidate voters. Accord-ing to a former Department of Justice official who investigated the cam-paign’s alleged voter-intimidation tac-tics, Mr. Farr’s answers to the Judici-ary Committee denying his involve-ment were ‘‘contrary to the facts.’’ Finally, I would like to remind my colleagues about the history of this va-cancy. The Eastern District of North Carolina is 27 percent African Amer-ican; yet the district has never had an African-American Federal judge. Be-fore Mr. Farr was nominated, two other nominees were submitted to the Senate during the previous administra-tion. Both of those nominees were Afri-can-American women. Neither of those nominees received a vote. Our courts must be dedicated to up-holding the law, including safeguarding citizens’ constitutional rights to vote. The future of our democracy depends on it. I am opposing this nomination. DEATH OF JAMAL KHASHOGGI  
Mr. President, I now turn to another topic. I rise today to call for a forceful response to the murder of Jamal Khashoggi and to hold the Saudi Gov-ernment accountable at the highest levels. Our country is stronger and safer when our core democratic val-ues—values of freedom of the press and the protection of human rights—are at the heart of our foreign policy. It has been almost 2 months since Jamal Khashoggi’s heinous murder. He was a resident of the United States and a respected journalist with the Wash-ington Post. People across our country have been rightfully appalled by his death. All he was doing was going in-side the consulate in Turkey to try to get his marriage papers so that he could get married to his fiancee. That was what was happening, but it turns out he was actually lured there—lured to his death. We were then treated to an incredible coverup by the Saudi Government, with shifting explanations, inadequate cooperation with investigations, and use of authoritarian tactics to silence critics. News reports have made it clear that the CIA believes with high confidence that the attack was called for at the highest level of the Saudi Government. I look forward to hearing from Secre-taries Pompeo and Mattis regarding how the administration plans to re-spond when we have the briefing that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.030 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7119 November 27, 2018 
has been scheduled for tomorrow. Un-fortunately, the President has repeat-edly dismissed his own intelligence community’s assessment of these deep-ly troubling events. Of course, this is not the first time we have heard this. We heard this with Russia, when every single one of his intelligence heads clearly said that there had been inter-ference in the last elections and that the Russians were emboldened to do it again. But the President again backed away from that, did not embrace that assessment, and then made policy deci-sions and statements when he was with Vladimir Putin that undermined that intelligence community. This appears to be what we are seeing again. The President’s response stands in stark contrast to the founding prin-ciples of our democracy. If the Presi-dent refuses to defend the values of this country, then this Congress must. First, we must hold anyone who or-dered and participated—including the Crown Prince—in Mr. Khashoggi’s death responsible. To do that, the ad-ministration must conduct a full, transparent, and credible investiga-tion. Second, while the sanctions that the administration has imposed on 17 Saudi officials are an important first step, more must be done. I support Sen-ators C
ORKER and M ENENDEZ in calling on the President to report to Congress on whether the Crown Prince is respon-sible for this murder. That is what they are supposed to do under the Global Magnitsky Act. If, as reports suggest that the CIA has assessed, the Crown Prince was involved, the sanc-tions must apply to him too. No one is above the law. Third, I support suspending nuclear energy talks with Saudi Arabia. It has recently been revealed that the admin-istration has been in extensive talks with Saudi Arabia about nuclear en-ergy. I appreciate that five of my Re-publican colleagues have come out in favor of suspending these talks, and, of course, that is the right thing to do. Fourth, I will work with a bipartisan group of my colleagues to limit the sale of weapons to the Saudi military. This is our leverage. This is our lever-age to ensure that this investigation is completed; to ensure that these sanc-tions are implemented and followed; to ensure that this never happens again; and also to send a message to the rest of the world—all of the authoritarian regimes who are watching what hap-pens here—that you don’t do this to journalists for American newspapers, that you don’t do this to American residents who are simply going back to get their marriage completed. I previously voted against arms sales to Saudi Arabia, and I will continue to oppose the sale of certain weapons— particularly offensive weapons—to the Kingdom. The Saudi Armed Forces are so reli-ant on U.S. military equipment that this argument that they are going to immediately shift to Russia and Chi-nese suppliers—that would be ex-tremely difficult. So we should exert the leverage that we have now. There is no question that the United States and Saudi Arabia have common interests in the region and that for many, many years, Saudi Arabia has been our partner. But partnership doesn’t require sacrificing our values in exchange for promises of arms sales, oil, or other financial gain. We must be able to cooperate with our partners in the region, while at the same time making clear that we will not overlook human rights abuses or the suppression of peaceful dissent. The recent actions of the Crown Prince, who many hoped would be a forward-looking reformer, have raised serious questions about our relation-ship with our partner Saudi Arabia. From expelling the Canadian Ambas-sador because of a tweet, to the sup-pression and murder of political dis-sidents, to what happened with Mr. Khashoggi, to ruthlessly pursuing a war that has resulted in countless ci-vilian casualties in Yemen—the brazen actions of the Saudi leadership must be confronted head-on. The ongoing war in Yemen has cre-ated one of the world’s worst humani-tarian catastrophes that will impact the safety, security, and stability of the country for decades to come. All you have to do is look at the photos of those little children starving to know that this is wrong. While I support the administration’s recent decision to suspend U.S. aerial refueling for the Saudi coalition, I am concerned that the administration lacks a comprehensive strategy for ending the conflict, including effec-tively countering Iranian influence. I believe it is very important, by the way, that we put this suspension into law. I supported a resolution that would have ended U.S. support for the Saudi- led coalition military action in Yemen. I supported that when we voted on it last time and voted for the McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which included a provision that pre-vented the U.S. military from sup-porting the Saudi-led coalition’s oper-ations unless Saudi Arabia takes steps to alleviate the humanitarian crisis and end the war in Yemen. I also support the comprehensive, bi-partisan legislation introduced by my colleagues to ensure effective oversight of the U.S. policy on Yemen and de-mand meaningful accountability for the murder of Mr. Khashoggi. Provi-sions of this legislation, including the suspension of weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, imposition of mandatory sanc-tions on people involved in the death of Mr. Khashoggi, and a prohibition on U.S. refueling of the Saudi coalition aircraft engaged in the civil war, are very important. Our response to this murder and the Saudi regime’s ruthless suppression of dissent will serve as a lesson to other nations that would do the same. I have really appreciated the Pre-siding Officer, Senator FLAKE , standing up for the freedom of the press. Mr. Khashoggi was a journalist. He was simply doing his job. He was doing it with grace. He did it all over the world. And he loved his home country, and look what happened to him. We must demonstrate that it is unac-ceptable to suppress, to imprison, and to violently target peaceful opponents of any regime or reporters and that the United States will always defend human rights and hold anyone guilty of violating those rights accountable. Strong, bipartisan congressional lead-ership will help us demonstrate our re-solve. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting our colleagues’ resolu-tion that will come before the Senate, I hope, later this week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Arizona. 
INF AND NEW START TREATIES  
Mr. KYL. Mr. President, today, along with several other colleagues from the Senate, I wrote to the President on the subject of the possible extension of the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, or New START. Several people have been encour-aging the President to begin studying whether we should extend New START, which expires in 2021. That is a couple years from now, but obviously, if one is going to consider renewing something of this import, it is good to be thinking about it early. In this regard, we of-fered to the President suggestions of things that he should take into consid-eration in determining whether to ex-tend New START with Russia and whether to begin negotiations with the Russians. We suggested three things that he should consider in deciding whether to proceed with these discus-sions. I am going to discuss one of them in great detail, but the first two are also important because they rep-resented factors that were considered by the Senate at the time that it rati-fied the first START agreement. The Senate declared in the New START resolution of ratification that ‘‘the United States is committed to proceeding with a robust stockpile stewardship program and to maintain-ing and modernizing the nuclear weap-ons production capabilities and capac-ities that will ensure the safety, reli-ability, and performance of the United States’ nuclear arsenal at the New START treaty levels.’’ That was our commitment. That is what we said in the resolution of ratification, and President Obama had written a letter to the Senate confirming that it was his intention, as long as he was Presi-dent, to follow this program of work. Regrettably, what we posited as an underpinning requirement for partici-pation in New START has not been maintained as the years have gone by. The infrastructure and weapons capa-bilities that were pledged at the time that the Senate gave its consent to the treaty have been significantly delayed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.031 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7120 November 27, 2018 
or reduced in scope, and the result of this is a risk that the symmetry that potentially existed between Russia and the United States as a result of the New START treaty will be changed and that the United States will be dis-advantaged with the continuation of the New START limits. Another consideration that we brought to the President’s attention was also referred to in the resolution of ratification of the New START trea-ty—and this was in 2012, by the way— we said that the President should ‘‘pur-sue an agreement with the Russian Federation that would address the dis-parity between the tactical nuclear weapon stockpiles of the Russian Fed-eration and of the United States in a verifiable manner.’’ We did that be-cause even at the time that New START was ratified, the Russians had a 10-to-1 advantage in tactical nuclear weapons over the United States, and the New START treaty didn’t do any-thing about that. It dealt only with strategic weapons. We raised the issue with the Rus-sians. We tried to negotiate it as part of the New START treaty, but Russia was not interested. We went ahead any-way, but what we said was that we really ought to try to address this asymmetry between what the Russians have and what we have in terms of tac-tical nuclear weapons. By the way, that hasn’t been done, either, so we thought it was important for the President to bear that in mind as he considered what to do about talk-ing to the Russians about extending the New START treaty. The reason it is important is that the Russians, with this enormous advan-tage in tactical nuclear weapons, have actually changed their doctrine of war to potentially use those weapons—to use nuclear weapons in a military con-flict with the United States or our NATO allies. They believe that this might be beneficial to them under what has been called a doctrine of ‘‘escalate to de-escalate.’’ What that means is, they start some kind of a conflict with little green men or other kinds of hybrid warfare where they can blame it on somebody else. Maybe there are some cyber attacks that are simultaneous and confuse the issue. In the context of all of this con-fusion, it is very difficult to put the blame anywhere, but the Russians are finally identified, and an actual mili-tary conflict breaks out. Well, in order to dissuade NATO or the United States from stopping the Russian aggression, if that is what is going on here, the Russian doctrine says: We reserve the right here to use tactical nuclear weapons on the battle-field there, which would enable us to win the battle, obviously, and send a signal to the United States that ‘‘You had better just let us be. Stop there.’’ Maybe they will say: We don’t intend to go any further, and so don’t escalate this conflict because you can already see that we are willing to use nuclear weapons, and if you escalate it, you can expect Russia to use nuclear weap-ons. Obviously, we don’t want to use nu-clear weapons in a conflict. The reason we possess the nuclear weapons is to try to defer conflict. But our weapons are very large, devastating weapons that were built to be delivered on long- range missiles or bombers to the Rus-sian—or then the Soviet heartland that could do great destruction to Soviet cities and military installations. They weren’t designed to offset tactical at-tacks by another adversary, like Rus-sia. So we don’t have the kinds of tac-tical weapons that Russia has. As a re-sult, we believe that, on this escalation ladder that could occur in a conflict, we are at a disadvantage, which is why we suggest to the President that in order to be sure that Russia doesn’t ever miscalculate and determine that it is worth the risk to Russia to actu-ally conduct an attack, including using nuclear weapons—we need to be sure that they don’t miscalculate here, and the President should take into account this disparity in nuclear weapon capa-bility between Russia and the United States today in determining whether to extend the New START treaty. It may be that in renegotiating this, we need to take all of this into ac-count. These are changed cir-cumstances in doctrine since 2012; they are not changed circumstances in terms of the asymmetry of weapon pos-session. There is a third thing that has changed—although in one respect it hasn’t changed—that we also asked the President to consider, and that is the fact that a treaty is obviously only as good as the willingness of the parties to abide by it. In the case of the New START treaty, we would expect the Russians to abide by that, as we would expect them to abide by any other treaty. Well, it turns out that at the time that the New START treaty was ratified by the U.S. Senate, the Rus-sians had been in gross violation of an-other treaty—the INF Treaty—and the government didn’t make that clear until after the New START treaty was adopted. The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty is a treaty of several decades long now that prohibits either Russia or the United States from devel-oping or deploying a missile that has a range between 500 and 5,500 kilometers. This is a treaty that only binds Russia and the United States. It doesn’t bind China, for example, which does possess these weapons. So both Russia and the United States would be at a disadvan-tage in a conflict with China, for exam-ple. We were simply asking that the President consider whether Russia abides by the treaties that it signs, and in that regard, whether it has violated the INF Treaty. Well, it is a question that has already been answered. The U.S. Government has already con-firmed—and others have as well—that Russia has been in violation of the INF Treaty at least since the year 2008. The onsite inspections regime of the INF Treaty terminated in 2001. It hasn’t been particularly easy to verify, but the State Department’s 2014 annual compliance report found that Russia was in violation of the INF Treaty. This is the first time we actually made our knowledge of this public. In April of 2016, the U.S. Government, again, in more detail, revealed Russia’s violation of the treaty, and it did so very explicitly, pointing to the par-ticular type of weapon the Russians had been developing—a ground- launched cruise missile. In November of that year, the United States con-vened a meeting of the Special Verifi-cation Commission of the INF Treaty, and through this and other engage-ments with the Russian Federation, we provided detailed information to Rus-sia about the nature of the violations of which we were aware. This is impor-tant because the modus operandi of the old Soviet Union was to say: We are not in violation of the treaty. If we are, prove it to us. Then the United States would have to come forward with infor-mation we had gathered through intel-ligence sources that would dem-onstrate how we found out they were in violation, thus compromising our so- called sources and methods. We thought this violation was important enough to do that, and therefore we in-formed the Russians through the Com-mission of what we understood about their program, including information pertaining to the missile, the launcher, Russia’s own internal designation for the mobile launcher chassis, and the names of the companies involved in de-veloping and producing both the mis-sile and the launcher. We gave infor-mation on the test history of the ground-launched cruise missile pro-gram—the GLCM—that we were aware of, including the coordinates of the test and Russia’s attempts to obfuscate the nature of the program. We provided all of this information. We also provided knowledge about the range—between 500 and 1,500—and the fact that violating the treaty with this missile was actually distinct from two other missiles that Russia had de-veloped. I will not give you the descrip-tions of them, but we have them, and we made all of that public. We even gave, in a subsequent report, the 2018 annual compliance report, the specific designator for this missile, the 9M729. We continued to raise these issues throughout 2017, 2018, and in fact it wasn’t just the United States. In De-cember of 2017, the North Atlantic Council urged Russia to address the se-rious concerns raised by its missile sys-tem ‘‘in a substantial and transparent way, and actively engage in a technical dialogue with the United States.’’ Just a couple of weeks ago, on No-vember 12, NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg stated in a speech that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.033 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7121 November 27, 2018 
‘‘the deployment of new Russian mis-siles is putting this historic treaty in jeopardy.’’ He was talking about the New START treaty. He completed his thought by saying: ‘‘Russia now ac-knowledges the existence of a new mis-sile system.’’ If Russia cannot be trusted to comply with treaties and if we have this long history of violation of the INF Treaty and now the President is being asked to consider reupping the New START treaty, we urge him to consider this in the context of Russia’s current viola-tions. Clearly, at a minimum, this would call for additional verification and enforcement with respect to the New START treaty. It seems to me it calls for more than that because Russia has clearly be-lieved it is in its country’s best inter-ests to blatantly violate the INF Trea-ty and take whatever the consequences are rather than abide by the treaty. If it believes that with respect to the de-velopment of a new cruise missile, it could very easily conclude the same with respect to violations of the New START treaty irrespective of any sanc-tions or other punishment the United States would mete out. There is very little one can do to a country that chooses to unilaterally violate a treaty. You can point it out, you can say they shouldn’t do it, and you can pull out of the treaty itself, but that doesn’t fix the problem; name-ly, their violation in the first place. We have actually acted on some things with regard to the INF viola-tion. In December of 2017, the United States imposed economic sanctions on the two Russian companies that were involved in the design of this prohib-ited missile. We also began examining the range of military options for the United States, both that were INF Treaty-compliant and also what would happen were we to leave the INF. By the way, the President has unofficially said that in view of the Russian viola-tion, the United States will leave the INF Treaty. He hasn’t made that pub-lic announcement formally yet, but it is clear this is what he intends to do. Under the circumstances, one can hard-ly blame him when the Russians have gone ahead to develop a missile that threatens both Europe and U.S. inter-ests, and we need to react to that in various ways. One of the things we have done is for Congress to authorize the administra-tion to study what we ought to do in response, both in terms of potential ac-tive defenses and potential offensive capabilities to match what the Rus-sians have done. In the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act, we author-ized $58 million to develop active de-fenses to counter ground-launched mis-siles of the prohibited range and counterforce and countervailing capa-bilities to prevent attacks from these missiles and also to establish a pro-gram of record to develop an inter-mediate range, conventional, road-mo-bile, ground-launched cruise missile of our own. There are additional potential military response options that obvi-ously come to mind, but the point is, there are two countries to an agree-ment, and when one country deems it important enough to violate the agree-ment, even to suffer whatever con-sequences may exist, then the Presi-dent ought to take this into consider-ation in deciding to extend yet another nuclear weapons treaty; in this case, the New START treaty. There are some other things I think the United States would want to con-sider doing that it can only do if it leaves the INF Treaty, and that is why I think the President is wise to, in ef-fect, give the Russians notice that this is what we intend to do. Russia can still try to come back into compliance, I suppose, by destroying not only the weapon itself, the cruise missiles it has already deployed, and destroying the launchers on which these missiles would be launched because they too would be in violation of the INF Trea-ty. They have time to do this. By announcing in advance his inten-tions, the President has also given us an opportunity to think about our fu-ture. It doesn’t do any good for defense planners to think about potential weapons or defenses that the United States could develop if there is never a prospect, in the case of the offensive weapon, of ever actually building it or deploying it. That is a career-ender to be sure. The INF Treaty would cur-rently prohibit that. So nobody is going to spend any time planning ac-tivities for the United States that would themselves be a violation. By letting Russia know we are now willing to consider doing that, Vladimir Putin should understand that the President is serious about potentially with-drawing from the treaty. Hopefully, that would give him time to think about the consequences and decide to come into compliance, but it may not. If it doesn’t, and he remains out of compliance, then not only could the United States potentially develop weapons of our own to counter the Rus-sian violation, but we could also begin thinking about what this means in terms of other treaties we have with Russia, changes that we would want to make in order to ensure that these treaties are worth complying with. The New START treaty only applies to the United States and Russia. What it says is, we will both maintain an ex-isting level of nuclear weapons—a lit-tle over 15,000 each. The United States had to bring our stockpile down to meet that level. Russia did not. So the practical effect of the New START treaty, at the time, was for the United States to reduce its nuclear weaponry and Russia basically to do nothing. What Russia has done in the mean-time, however, is to continue to work on the modernization of its strategic missile and nuclear weapons programs. It has developed new missiles. It has tested. It has developed new doctrine, as I said, in the potential use of nu-clear weapons, and it has a capability for nuclear warhead production that the United States does not have. It is not known today, but we don’t have a nuclear weapon warhead produc-tion capability. We couldn’t do it. We could build one in a lab or two over time. Russia has a production line, and it is constantly replacing the warheads it has with new warheads and devel-oping new missiles, as I said. Now, I think all of that is relevant to the con-sideration of whether we should stay in the New START treaty. If we think Russia will comply with the terms, maybe we would conclude again that it is wise to stay in that treaty. This is a little hard to conclude, however, if Russia remains in violation of the INF Treaty. For all these reasons, we thought it important to recite a little bit of the history of the New START treaty and to quote from the resolution of ratifi-cation so the President could see what the Senate’s intention was when that treaty was ratified at the end of 2012 and to think about what those factors mean in today’s world if the President has an intention to think about poten-tially extending the terms of the New START treaty. Again, it doesn’t happen until 2021. It is smart to start thinking about it now, but in thinking about it, instead of just blindly considering that it is a wonderful thing and we need to move forward with it without expressing an opinion against extending it, the sign-ers of this letter wanted the President to appreciate some of the background and to understand what we thought the intentions were and what we hoped would occur after the New START treaty was adopted and ratified and how we thought it would improve the relationship between Russia and the United States at the time. If anything, conditions have gotten worse, not bet-ter. As a result, these are factors the President should take into consider-ation when determining whether to consider extending the New START treaty. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, for dec-ades powerful interests have been working to take over our courts and tilt the scales of justice in favor of bil-lionaires and giant corporations. Presi-dent Trump has been all in, nomi-nating extreme and partisan judges to the Federal judiciary at lightning speed. Trump’s judges can easily fill a ‘‘Who’s Who’’ of radical, rightwing, pro-corporate lawyers, but today I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.034 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7122 November 27, 2018 
want to focus on the nomination of one of the worst of the worst: Thomas Farr, Trump’s nominee to serve on the Fed-eral District Court for the Eastern Dis-trict of North Carolina. Thomas Farr has made his name as the go-to lawyer for the rich and pow-erful. When the rental car company Avis and its franchisee were sued for discriminating against African-Amer-ican customers, Farr defended the franchisee. When Pfizer was sued for sex discrimination and creating a hos-tile work environment, Farr was there once again representing the company. Today, just a few weeks after mil-lions of Americans went to the polls to exercise the basic right at the core of our democracy, I want to focus on one of the most pressing reasons my col-leagues should vote against the Farr nomination. His nomination will only deepen a plague of voter suppression aimed at stripping Americans—par-ticularly people of color and marginalized groups—from exercising their lawful right to vote. Voter suppression is front and center on Farr’s resume, including his work for Jesse Helms, the former U.S. Sen-ator and shameless bigot. Farr worked as Helms’ campaign lawyer while Helms led some of the most blatantly racist political campaigns in modern history. For example, to decrease Black turnout, Helms’ Senate cam-paign mailed postcards to 125,000 voters in predominantly Black precincts, falsely claiming they could be found ineligible to vote based on specific cri-teria involving their location and length of residence and warning that they could face criminal penalties if they voted. That is just the beginning. In recent years, Farr represented the North Carolina Legislature in a case chal-lenging a discriminatory voting bill that, according to one Federal appeals court, targeted African Americans with ‘‘almost surgical precision.’’ The legis-lature conducted research into voting practices that helped increase turnout among African-American voters and then wrote a bill that essentially elimi-nated each of those practices. Farr was there to defend the legislature when faith groups, civil rights groups, and the Obama administration’s Justice Department challenged the discrimina-tory law. The law was ultimately found unconstitutional by the Federal ap-peals court and was not reinstated by the Supreme Court. Later, when North Carolina redrew its district lines in ways that discriminated against Afri-can Americans, Farr was there once again to defend the legislature. Thomas Farr’s nomination is par-ticularly troubling given the blizzard of efforts in recent years aimed at stop-ping Americans from casting their votes. State after State has passed re-strictive voter ID laws, purged voting rolls, limited opportunities to register, and erected other barriers to the demo-cratic process. We saw voter suppression rear its head during this year’s midterm elec-tions, perhaps most vividly in the State of Georgia. Democratic guber-natorial candidate Stacey Abrams ran a grassroots campaign that sought to lift up Georgians from all backgrounds and to lead a record turnout vote among African Americans, LGBTQ in-dividuals, and young people, but her opponent, Georgia’s Secretary of State Brian Kemp, not only refused to recuse himself from overseeing the same elec-tion that he happened to be running in, but he openly used the power of his of-fice to suppress voters, especially in communities of color. In North Dakota, the Republican- controlled legislature passed a voter ID law that required prospective voters to present an ID with an address, but not just any ID with an address, one that contained a residential street address. Now, this law disproportionately dis-advantaged voters in Native American communities, which sometimes use post office addresses or other kinds of residential addresses, rather than resi-dential street addresses. What we saw in Georgia and North Dakota was egregious, but it was by no means new. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, since 2010, 24 States, most of which are under Republican control, have implemented measures to make it harder for American citizens to vote. The Republican Party and President Trump are leading this effort with a bull’s-eye on Americans who may not be inclined to vote for them. After the 2016 election, Trump falsely claimed that millions of people voted illegally, and months after taking office, he es-tablished a sham voter fraud commis-sion. Trump’s Justice Department has been in lockstep, reversing its position in a case challenging Texas’ discrimi-natory voter ID laws, requesting that States turn over voter roll information in an apparent move to purge voter rolls, and filing a brief in an Ohio case arguing that it should be easier for States to purge voters from voter rolls. Republicans know that every time they try to lock voters out of the Democratic process, they are going to get challenged in court, but they have a plan for that. They have been work-ing at breakneck speed to stack Fed-eral courts with a cadre of conservative Federal judges whose records show that they have no intention of protecting democracy. Why? Because the fight for our democracy is a fight over who gov-ernment works for. Does it work for the rich and powerful or does it work for all of us? Putting Thomas Farr on the bench is a way for politicians to wall off access to the democratic process so they can keep on working for billionaires and giant corporations. The Eastern Dis-trict of North Carolina, the district in which Farr has been nominated to serve, is 27 percent African American. Yet the Federal court has not had an African-American judge—not one, not ever. President Obama attempted to change that by nominating two impres-sive African-American women to serve as judges in that district, individuals dedicated to ensuring that every Amer-ican had an equal opportunity to de-mocracy, but Republican Senators re-fused to allow their nominations to move forward. Now Republicans want to hand that seat to a man who has made it his job to make it harder for North Carolinians to exercise the right to vote. The literacy tests, poll taxes, and grandfather clauses of the Jim Crow era may be of a bygone era, but today, Americans—and particularly Ameri-cans of color—face new, steep barriers to the ballot box. Farr has made it his job to ensure that those barriers re-main in place. If we truly believe that our court should defend equal justice under law, then every Member of this Chamber must vote no on Thomas Farr. 
SANDERS -LEE-MURPHY RESOLUTION  
Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Sanders-Lee-Murphy resolution to stop the U.S. military’s involvement in the Saudi Arabia-led bombing cam-paign in Yemen. I am a cosponsor of the resolution, and I thank the Sen-ators for their strong leadership on this important issue. The resolution would direct Presi-dent Trump to stop our involvement in Saudi-led military operations in Yemen unless Congress provides spe-cific authorization. It would allow our counterterrorism operations against al-Qaida and its affiliates to continue, but it would ensure that the United States is not giving the Saudis a blank check. For over 3 years, Saudi-led coalition warplanes—refueled and armed with missiles by the United States—have been bombing Yemeni territory to counter Iranian-backed militias. Thou-sands of Yemeni civilians have been killed as a direct result of this dan-gerous proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran, but when I asked the general who leads our forces in the Middle East about it earlier this year at an Armed Services hearing, he said we weren’t even keeping track of where those U.S.-armed and U.S.-refueled planes were going, and he couldn’t tell me what they hit when they got there. I am glad the Trump administration has finally come to its senses and halt-ed its refueling support to the Saudi- led coalition, but this is too little, too late. It is too late to save as many as 85,000 Yemeni boys and girls under the age of 5 who have already starved to death, and it is too little to save the countless children and families who are currently starving as famine spreads throughout Yemen. Instead of taking decisive action to address this humanitarian crisis, the United States continues to sell weap-ons and provide other support to the Saudi-led coalition. The administra-tion continues to cover for Saudi ac-tions, the most recent in a rambling, incoherent, shameful statement from the President himself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.035 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7123 November 27, 2018 
I know that Iran’s actions in Yemen are destabilizing. Iran is making the conflict worse, and that is unaccept-able. But let’s be clear. Saudi Arabia is the one receiving American weapons and support. The ugly truth is that the United States is complicit in the deaths and devastation in Yemen, and we need to hold our partners and our allies accountable. We need to end U.S. support for this war, and we need to end it now. Remember who we are dealing with here. The CIA has reportedly confirmed the clear involvement of senior Saudi officials—up to and including Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman—in the horrifying brutal murder of Saudi jour-nalist and U.S. resident Jamal Khashoggi last month. That tells us ev-erything we need to know about this so-called ally. It is long overdue for Congress to take real action to help put a stop to the humanitarian crisis in Yemen. I will vote against any additional arms sales to the Saudis while the war in Yemen continues. I will stand with my colleagues in both parties as they press for account-ability in Jamal Khashoggi’s death. I will vote for the Sanders-Lee-Mur-phy resolution today, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. The Yemeni people are suffering, but we can do something about it. It is time for Congress to grow a backbone and act. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JIM HANSEN  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, earlier this month, Utah lost one of our very fin-est—former Congressman Jim Hansen, a great leader, an amazing husband and father, and a fantastic, loyal friend. It is my privilege to honor his life today. Jim’s first and most important rule for getting involved in politics was ‘‘get involved because you have a cause, and not simply because you want a job.’’ In fact, his own motiva-tion to first run for local office was with the objective of improving the local water system in his small town of Farmington, UT, where the water sup-ply was sometimes dirty and some-times even nonexistent. Though he had lived in Farmington, UT, for only a few years at the time, he was elected to the Farmington City Council in 1961, and he oversaw the in-stallation of a new utility system—no small feat for that small town. That water system allowed the community to grow and to flourish, just as it con-tinues to do to this very day. Thus began Jim Hansen’s 42 years in public service. After serving on the city council in Farmington for 12 years, Jim was elected to the Utah House of Rep-resentatives in 1973. He worked hard and eventually rose to the position of speaker of the house during his final term. It was then that Jim launched his congressional bid for Utah’s 1st Congressional District, defeating five- term incumbent Gunn McKay in 1980. He got right to work in representing the citizens of Utah—this time at the Federal level. Among his proudest ac-complishments were serving on the Base Realignment and Closure Com-mission and on the House’s Natural Re-sources Committee. Jim took great pride in helping save Hill Air Force Base, in Northern Utah, from closure. Whenever he would hear a jet roaring overhead at a decibel level loud enough to break the windows, he would tell his children, predictably: That is just the sound of freedom. You are lucky to hear and live under that sound every day. A great lover of the outdoors, so too was he proud of saving the environ-ment from environmentalists, as he would say. Jim often sparred with envi-ronmentalists about wilderness issues and championed multiple-use policies for public lands, although he was also a sponsor of the 1984 Utah Wilderness Act, which designated wilderness in U.S. forest areas. Ever a staunch Republican and al-ways a man of humor, Jim Hansen de-lighted in reciting his own version of Proverbs 22:6. He would say: ‘‘Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old, he will vote Repub-lican.’’ Yet Jim was always known for being able to work across the aisle and was well respected by his Democratic colleagues. He served as the chairman of the House Ethics Committee during a partisan crisis among House Members over the investigation into former Speaker Newt Gingrich. Both parties, at the time, trusted him to handle any investigations fairly and impartially. For 22 years, he tirelessly served the First District of Utah in the U.S. House of Representatives, becoming Utah’s longest serving Congressman. After he announced his retirement in 2002—still at the top of his game—he said in an interview that he wanted to leave be-hind a legacy of hard work. Indeed, Jim Hansen did. Not only was Jim hard-working, but he was also immensely generous. He did not keep his success for himself but for years offered mentorship to anyone who sought to navigate the political waters. I myself was lucky enough to call Jim a mentor and a friend. When I first considered running for the Senate in 2010, he met with me at length and gave me a whole lot of very helpful ad-vice and encouragement. Even though I was a newcomer with very little chance of success, he couldn’t have been more generous with his time, with his wis-dom, or with his words of support. When I announced my candidacy, he stood by me and offered his full en-dorsement. So many others were also blessed by Jim’s friendship and his loy-alty. A lesser known story that illustrates the quality of Jim’s character involves his longtime friend Norm Bangerter, with whom he served in the State legis-lature. In 1978, both men had their sights set on the house speaker’s post. They didn’t want to run against each other, so they made a deal that Norm would step aside so long as Jim agreed to step aside in the future if they were ever interested in running for the same position again. Jim hoped to become Governor of Utah. In the 1980s, after Jim had been serving in the House of Representatives for a few years, there was an opening for a Republican to take back the gov-ernorship, and everyone expected Jim to make a play for it, except that Norm wanted to run. So what did Jim do? Well, he stepped aside and allowed his friend to run for and to eventually win that position—a position that Norm Bangerter then held for 8 years. That was the caliber of Jim Hansen’s char-acter. He was a man of humility and integrity, who honored his word and al-ways put others before himself. I would be remiss if I didn’t also men-tion Jim’s piety in the truest, purest sense of that word. In addition to hav-ing a deep loyalty to his country and to his State, he had a deep loyalty to his family and his church. Jim married Ann Burgoyne in 1958, which he consid-ered wisely to be the smartest choice he ever made. Their family grew to in-clude 5 children and eventually 14 grandchildren and 1 great-grandchild. Grandpa Jim was the center of their family, and his love for them animated so much of his life. His grandchildren fondly remember his jokes, stories, and genuine, unmistakable zest for life. His granddaughter Anna recounted that on Jim’s 80th birthday, when he insisted on going water-skiing, he had waded into the lake while wearing his slacks and socks, with his grandchildren sloshing behind him, to fish out the ChapStick tubes and Tic Tac packs that were floating out of his pockets. That, of course, was Jim Hansen—full of life and spirit until the very end. Before his involvement in politics and after he served in the Navy during the Korean war, Jim went on a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Lat-ter-day Saints for 2 years. He also served as the bishop of the Farmington 2nd Ward and as the president of the Davis Stake. One of his jobs as bishop was to supervise the Farmington South Stake Center, which is where loved ones and dignitaries gathered to honor his life just this past week. It is only fitting that we pay tribute to this honorable man, who so faith-fully and nobly served God, family, and country throughout his entire life. Jim Hansen will be sorely missed by his family, friends, Utahns, and all those whose lives were touched and changed for the better by him. I have no doubt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.037 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7124 November 27, 2018 
that his legacy will live on for many years to come. 
WAR POWERS RESOLUTION TO END UNAUTHOR -
IZED U .S. MILITARY INVOLVEMENT IN YEMEN  
Mr. President, the U.S. Constitution makes unmistakably clear the fact that in order to declare war, one must go through Congress. There are good reasons for this requirement. Whenever we go to war, we are making the great-est of moral decisions—decisions that will imperil the lives of those involved in that war, including and especially the brave young men and women who represent us in uniform and who fight to protect our freedom. The costs of war—and I speak not only of the eco-nomic costs but especially of the deep human costs associated with war—are such that these decisions should never be made lightly. It is for this reason that the Founding Fathers wisely put this power into the hands of those oc-cupying the branch of government most accountable to the people at the most regular intervals. You cannot declare war without going through Congress. Sadly, over time, some of this power has been ne-glected—neglected by the very Con-gress to which the power properly con-stitutionally belongs. Under the Con-stitution to which every Member of this body has sworn an oath to uphold, to protect, and defend, it is wrong to go into war without Congress’s directing it, ordering it, declaring it. Yet, sadly, tragically, unconstitutionally, I be-lieve, the United States has been in-volved as a co-belligerent in a civil war half a world away in Yemen, involved in connection with a Kingdom of Saudi Arabia-led coalition against the Houthi rebels. What, one might ask, is the interest of the United States in this war? What is it about this particular civil war in Yemen that is important to keep the American people safe? That is a ques-tion that has never been fully an-swered. In fact, it is a question that has never been answered by the only branch of government that is capable constitutionally of making that assess-ment, of answering that question. We have never answered it. It is not just a mere formality that we go through when we require Con-gress to declare war. It is about the de-bate that that starts, the conversation that occurs among the American peo-ple, the accountability that each Mem-ber of the Senate and each Member of the House of Representatives has to his or her constituents. It is about the fact that we have to be able and willing to look the American people in the eye— even our own constituents, our own friends and neighbors, even and espe-cially those who are the parents and loved ones of the men and women who will be at the battlefront and will be asked, potentially, to pay the ultimate price for defending freedom. We have to be willing to do that. Yet we haven’t because, for the last 4 years, we have been fighting someone else’s war with-out a declaration of war by Congress, without an authorization for the use of military force by Congress. What, then, is the remedy? There are a number of things that we could do and that we should do. Among them are the procedures outlined by and pro-vided in the War Powers Act. The War Powers Act gives us the ability to halt our military involvement where Con-gress deems it inappropriate. A few months ago, Senator S
ANDERS  and I ran a resolution to do precisely that—availing ourselves of the benefits of the War Powers Act. Sadly, that measure was narrowly defeated; it was tabled; it was halted from moving for-ward. It has been filed again. We are going to have an opportunity again very soon, perhaps as early as tomor-row, to vote on that yet again. In the meantime, what has changed? We have continued to fight this war still in an unconstitutional posture, still without the American people hav-ing been adequately consulted, still without the American people’s elected Senators and Representatives having made a decision to go to war, still without the opportunity for us to look in the eye our neighbors, our constitu-ents, and the parents and family mem-bers and loved ones of our brave men and women in uniform who are asked to fight these battles and to tell them why it is that we are asking for this po-tential sacrifice of American blood and treasure. We have not done those things. Since that time, we have seen some very unsettling realities unfold within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, with credible intelligence regarding the Crown Prince’s involvement in and or-dering of the death of Mr. Khashoggi. We now have not only the eyes of the American people on Saudi Arabia— more importantly, we have the eyes of people all around the world on the United States of America. It is not just about the death of Mr. Khashoggi, but Mr. Khashoggi’s death and the way it came about and the way it is alleged and supposed to have been ordered by the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia says something about us if we proceed undeterred in our fighting of an uncon-stitutional war on behalf of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia. It is not just what the American people think about Saudi Arabia or about us in Wash-ington; it is also about what the rest of the world will think about the United States of America if we turn a blind eye to this and if we continue to fight an undeclared, unauthorized, unconsti-tutional war that has no apparent con-nection to the safety of the American people, to the security of the American homeland. This is why I respectfully—and with all of the urgency I am capable of com-municating—implore my colleagues to support this resolution, to support the resolution to get us out of fighting Saudi Arabia’s war in Yemen. It is not our war, not our security, not on our watch. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we have just been through a long election sea-son, with a lot of close races. In States all over the country, voters had to con-tend with relentless attacks on their voting rights. We saw it in Ohio, where voters were purged from the rolls. We saw it in my mother’s home State of Georgia, where more than 50,000 voter registrations were held up. Seventy percent of those were from Black vot-ers. We know exactly who these laws are aimed at. It is people of color, and it is despicable. It is outrageous. Rather than working to fix this prob-lem, making it easier for voters to ex-ercise their fundamental right, this ad-ministration and Republican leaders in this body and in State legislatures around the country want to put a man on the Federal bench who has sup-ported unapologetic racists and de-fended voter suppression laws. This body has done nothing to try to stop voter suppression. Controlled by Republicans, State legislatures around the country, in legislature after legis-lature, have, in fact, emboldened peo-ple who want to suppress voting rights. Andrew Gillum and Stacey Abrams are two candidates each who would probably be Governor-elect right now if every voters’ voices had been heard. Listen to what they had to say about Thomas Farr, the nominee for the Eastern District of North Carolina: ‘‘When it comes to the trifecta of voter disenfranchisement—voter suppression, racial gerrymandering, and restriction of voting rights—Thomas Farr is, sadly, one of the most experienced election lawyers in the country.’’ When it comes to the trifecta of voter disenfranchisement, he wins the award. He defended North Carolina’s voter suppression laws—among the worst in the country. The Fourth Cir-cuit Court said that the law targeted Black voters ‘‘with almost surgical precision.’’ He defended Jesse Helms in a lawsuit where Jesse Helms campaigned and sent 125,000 postcards to African-Amer-ican communities, telling them that they would be arrested for voter fraud at their polling places. Considering the history of voter suppression in that State, imagine the terror, in many cases, in the eyes of those African- American voters who saw those post-cards telling them that they could be arrested for voter fraud at their polling places. Of course many of them were not going to vote then, which is ex-actly what Jesse Helms and Thomas Farr wanted to happen. Thomas Farr defended Jesse Helms in court. To put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.039 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7125 November 27, 2018 
this man on the Federal bench is a na-tional disgrace. The cherry on top of this nomination is the fact that Barack Obama nomi-nated two African-American women to serve on this court. Under the leader-ship of the gentleman down the hall, the Republican leader, M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL , this body didn’t even give them a hearing. Instead of the choice of two African-American women who led over a decade, they want to put a man on the bench who defended segregationists and voter suppression. They want to put that kind of judge in that seat. It is a throwback to the worst moments of our history. This body shouldn’t stand for it. 
GM LORDSTOWN CLOSURE  
Mr. President, around the time of the auto rescue almost a decade ago, I was watching the first Chevy Cruze come off the line in Lordstown, OH, at a plant that had been there in Youngs-town, OH, for almost a decade. Two years ago, I was at the GM Lordstown plant for its 50th anniversary. I saw the pride the community takes in that plant. GM itself estimated 10,000 people turned out to watch the parade. The line to tour the plant stretched down the street and around the block. It is what this plant and this auto industry mean to the communities they serve. When the news broke late Sunday night or early Monday morning that General Motors is closing this plant and laying off up to 15,000 workers in Ohio and around the country, one re-porter for the Youngstown Vindicator tweeted that it was an ‘‘all hands on deck day, with just about everyone in the newsroom dropping everything to cover the GM Lordstown story.’’ Those reporters are not enemies of the people. In fact, these reporters are people who care about their commu-nities, who don’t make a lot of money, and who are willing to afflict the com-fortable and comfort the afflicted. They are not enemies of the people. These reporters understood what these job losses will mean, not just to those workers but to this community in Mahoning Valley of about a half a mil-lion people. While people’s lives were being up-ended in Mahoning Valley and around country and while parents were having painful conversations around kitchen tables, local businesses were nervously looking at their balance sheets, do you know what happened? Wall Street trad-ers were celebrating. As the announce-ment to lay off workers happened, the stock price went up. Look at what hap-pened to their stock price after their announcement. Wall Street and its cronies in Wash-ington simply don’t value workers, and they don’t understand the dignity of work. They don’t look at workers as vital to a company’s success. Indeed, they view the American worker as nothing more than a cost to be mini-mized, and Wall Street rewards compa-nies when they lay off workers. They reward companies when the workers’ pay is cut or their benefits are scaled back. Wall Street rewards companies when their workers get hurt. Of course, we expect companies to al-ways try to maximize profits, but we weren’t elected in this body to serve corporations. We were elected to stand up for the Americans we serve and to stand up for the small business owners. This broken business model is exactly why we need a trade and tax policy that actually invests in American workers. Instead, this crowd in Wash-ington is only making it worse. Earlier this summer, on the very same day that GM Lordstown laid off the second shift in Mahoning Valley, we got word that GM plans to build its new Chevy Blazer in Mexico, bypassing American workers and sending more jobs to Mexico. There are 1,500 workers who lost their jobs on the same day General Motors announced they were building a plant in Mexico. How stupid do we have to be to think there is not a connection there? That decision was no coincidence. The tax bill this Congress passed and this President signed, which almost every single Republican voted for and every single Democrat voted against, provides a 50-percent-off coupon off of the taxes for every company that moves overseas. For instance, the Chevy Cruze is made in Youngstown, OH. General Mo-tors pays a 21-percent corporate tax rate. Another kind of Chevy Cruze made by General Motors in Mexico pays a 10.5-percent tax rate. So if you work in the United States, you pay 21 percent in taxes. If you go overseas, you get a 50-percent coupon off on your taxes. Do you know why? Because this Congress and President Trump signed a bill that will do nothing but outsource jobs. It didn’t have to be that way. The Patriot Corporation Act, which I handed to the President in the Presi-dent’s Cabinet Room a year and a half ago, would have simply said this: If you pay your workers well, if you provide healthcare and retirement for your workers, and if you make your product in the United States of America, you get a lower tax rate. I handed a copy of that bill to the President. He said he liked it. Do you know what happened then? Instead, that bill—which could have been the Patriot Corporation Act, which could have been the taxpayers’ bill of rights, which could have been the corporate freeloader fee, where, when companies abuse their workers, they pay a fee—made its way down to the majority leader’s office. And do you know what happened? The special interests went to work. Do you know what happened then, when the special interests went to work? They created this 50-percent-off coupon for their taxes so those compa-nies that moved to Mexico or moved to France or moved to Bangladesh or any-where else get a 50-percent tax cut. Who suffers the consequences? It is the American workers. We need to stand up for the people whom we serve, and we need to fix this. After GM ended the second shift at Lordstown, I met with GM’s CEO, Mary Barra, and demanded answers. She said that retooling the plant to go from the Cruze to the SUV Chevy Blazer would simply cost too much. It was too ex-pensive. So we came up with a plan. First of all, they had just taken their huge tax cut, which they could have in-vested in workers, but instead they in-vested it in corporate buybacks, execu-tive buybacks, so that executives make 300 times what the average well-paid worker at GM makes. I came up with a plan to fix this. If they are not going to reinvest that money, we could level the playing field. We call it the American Cars, American Jobs Act. There are two simple parts. First, customers who buy cars that are made in the United States get $3,500 off at the dealership—real dollars, real money at the dealership. Under our definition of ‘‘Made in America,’’ the discount would apply to nearly 100 cars, trucks, and SUVs, including all passenger vehicles, including the Jeep Cherokee, which is made in Toledo, and all passenger vehicles assembled in Ohio. Second, the companies that cut the number of American jobs they had on the day the GOP tax bill passed and added those jobs overseas lose their tax break. We take away that 50 percent off coupon on their taxes. If you choose to send jobs overseas, you lose that coupon. If you keep jobs in the United States, you keep your discounted rate. Remember back in July, I believe, of 2017? Donald Trump, the President of the United States, was in Youngstown. He said to the people of Youngstown: ‘‘We never again will sacrifice Ohio jobs and those in other states to enrich other countries.’’ He then said: Don’t sell your homes. We are going to bring all of these jobs back into these old plants, or we are going to knock down these old plants and build new plants. We are going to bring back all of these jobs. But when he said that we will never again sacrifice all of these jobs—that is what his tax bill did. His tax bill pro-vided that 50-percent-off coupon. People trusted him in Mahoning Val-ley. He won areas that Democrats used to win. They put their faith in him. What did Trump do? He gave these cor-porations a huge tax break that will cause more jobs to go overseas. It is all part of this President’s phony populism. He pits one group against another to distract from the fact that this White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives, ex-cept for the days it looks like a retreat for pharmaceutical executives, except for the days it looks like a retreat for gun lobby executives. He campaigns across States like Ohio, saying he is for working people, and then he passes tax cuts for companies that are sending their jobs overseas. While campaigning in Ohio in 2016, he said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.041 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7126 November 27, 2018 
If I am elected, you won’t lose one plant, you’ll have plants coming into this country. . . . I promise you that. 
If the President of the United States meant what he said—if he said you are not going to lose plants, if he said the companies that have moved overseas are going to come back to Lordstown, come back to Mansfield, come back to Toledo, and come back to Dayton, then, Mr. President, what you need to do is support the American Cars, Amer-ican Jobs Act. Let’s end this tax break, this incentive for companies to shut down production in Xenia, OH, and move overseas. Let’s end this tax cut for corporations that shut down these American plants and move American jobs overseas. If you love this country, you fight for the people to make it work. Mr. President, let’s do that and pass the American Cars, American Jobs Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
YEMEN  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I want to express my strong support for the bipartisan resolution—54—that is before us today. The strong, bipartisan support we are seeing on the floor— most recently from my colleague Sen-ator L
EEof Utah—shows how necessary and important this resolution is to end the complicity of the United States in the murderous war waged by Saudi Arabia in Yemen. The United States is complicit be-cause we are providing fuel, intel-ligence, and other support that is only increasing the barbaric power of the Saudis in that civil war—murderous activities that are taking a toll on ci-vilians. The blood will be on our hands if we continue to support the Saudis in this brutal effort. The resolution before us is carefully crafted to preserve our national secu-rity and our national interests while at the same time removing our involve-ment from the Saudi war crimes. There seems to be no other word for what we are seeing the Saudis do. The argu-ments made by the administration for our support and participation carry no weight. We should never compromise our national value for the sake of arms sales. In fact, the arms contracts are a pittance or a fraction of what the ad-ministration claims. So I am proud to support this measure. It will do too lit-tle and too late what should have been done long ago: Renounce our moral and legal responsibility, as well as our practical involvement for the mur-derous and brutal Saudi attacks on ci-vilians and others in Yemen. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. President, I rise today to speak out on a less bipartisan issue against the concerted campaign by the admin-istration and its allies to dramatically reshape our judiciary—to fill the courts with partisans and ideologues. President Trump has made no secret of his frustration at judges nominated by both Republicans and Democrats who choose to uphold the rule of law and, as Chief Justice Roberts has said, ‘‘do equal right to those appearing be-fore them.’’ He is wrong to talk about Obama judges or Bush judges. In fact, the Chief Justice is absolutely right that when a person puts on the robe, they are no longer a judge nominated by any President; they are a judge doing the right thing, hopefully, from the bench in a completely bipartisan, nonpartisan way. Yet this administration has repeat-edly put forward extreme nominees who will seek to undo decades of criti-cally important progress in recognizing and protecting reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights, voting rights, workers’ rights, environmental protections, and more. In fact, we are scheduled to vote on a nominee for the Eastern District of North Carolina, Thomas Farr, who ex-emplifies this administration’s efforts to remake the judiciary. He has been nominated for a judgeship that has been open for years. In fact, it is the longest open judicial vacancy in the country. In 2013, President Obama nominated Assistant U.S. Attorney Jennifer May- Parker to fill the seat. Senator Hagan returned a blue slip, but Senator BURR—despite formally recommending May-Parker to the White House for the position—declined to return his blue slip. At that time, the Senate still ad-hered to its longstanding practice of respecting blue slips and referring to home State Senators, so the nomina-tion was never considered. To accom-modate Senator B
URR’s obstruction, Senator Obama nominated North Caro-lina Supreme Court Justice Patricia Timmons-Goodson to fill the vacancy on the district court in 2016. Neither Senators Burr nor Tillis returned blue slips on her nomination. Senator B
URR had the right—and I may have misspoken when I referred to obstruction—when he declined to re-turn that blue slip. Would that that right were still observed in this body. He had that right. He exercised it. But now President Trump has nominated Thomas Farr, an attorney whose career is defined by efforts to dilute African- American votes and suppress them through redistricting and to make it more difficult for African Americans to vote in the first place. Mr. Farr has worked to suppress mi-nority votes since at least the early 1990s. The Department of Justice under George H.W. Bush alleged that Farr en-gaged in acts of voter intimidation dur-ing the 1990 election. In fact, during that election, Farr served as legal counsel to Senator Jesse Helms. The Department of Justice alleged that Senator Helms’ campaign sent out to Black communities tens of thousands of postcards that falsely told voters they could be found ineligible to vote based on various conditions. President Bush’s Justice Department described this mail campaign as ‘‘intended to in-timidate thousands of African-Amer-ican residents and discourage them from voting in a 1990 Senate election.’’ Since then, Farr has become an at-torney of choice for North Carolina’s Republican politicians when they have sought to gerrymander and suppress voter efforts. Notably and most re-cently, he successfully represented the North Carolina legislature in Cooper v. Harris. That case involved two dis-tricts that were redrawn after the 2010 census as majority Black districts by removing African-American voters from other predominantly White dis-tricts. The redrawn districts effectively diluted the voting power of African Americans by concentrating the Black population in a smaller number of dis-tricts that already elected candidates who received strong support from Afri-can-American voters. The Supreme Court rejected Farr’s defense of the redrawn districts and found that the legislature had engaged in unconstitutional racial gerry-mandering. That ruling was remark-able—absolutely exceptional in Su-preme Court jurisdiction—indicating the blatant and flagrant disregard for constitutional law in that gerry-mandering. Farr also defended the North Caro-lina legislature in a challenge to its re-strictive voter ID law. The day after the Supreme Court decision in Shelby County v. Holder struck down the preclearance requirements of section 5 in the Voting Rights Act, the Repub-licans in the North Carolina legislature requested data regarding the racial breakdown of the usage of various vot-ing access tools. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals found that the law discriminated against African-American voters ‘‘with almost surgical precision.’’ The court said: ‘‘This sequence of events—the General Assembly’s eager-ness to, at the historic moment of Shelby County’s issuance, rush through the legislative process the most re-strictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow—be-speaks a certain purpose.’’ Thomas Farr argued in favor of those legislative districts that restricted rep-resentation of African-American voters in their State and Federal Govern-ment. President Trump has chosen this man to serve as a judge. I cannot vote for him. I hope my colleagues will join me in rejecting this nominee. His nom-ination alone speaks volumes about the intentions and predilections of this ad-ministration. This nominee is not suit-ed to the vital task that judges—par-ticularly Federal district court judges—are empowered to carry out. This nominee is not fit for this job. I will vote no. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to strongly oppose the nomination of Thomas Farr to the Federal bench, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.042 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7127 November 27, 2018 
The right to vote is sacred and a pre-cious human right, but it has been under attack, and that is unconscion-able and wrong. This nominee represents yet another threat to the basic premise of one per-son, one vote because, throughout his career, he has worked to make it hard-er for Black Americans to vote. That is not who we are as a country, and this nominee does not deserve the privilege of a lifetime appointment on the Fed-eral bench. Over and over again, on the most se-rious and consequential questions re-lated to our sacred right to vote, Mr. Farr has been on the wrong side of the issue. Listen to his record: Mr. Farr de-fended in court a gerrymandered con-gressional map that was so blatantly racist that our Federal Court of Ap-peals judge ordered it to be redrawn. Mr. Farr defended in court State laws that were so obviously designed to sup-press the Black vote that a Federal Court of Appeals ordered them to be struck down. He wasn’t just a cheer-leader for these discriminatory laws; he was the actual architect. He was their defender in court. He did every-thing he could to keep them in place. That is why millions of Americans all over the country, including so many men and women of color, the NAACP, and the Congressional Black Caucus, are so outraged by this nomination. They are right to be so because this nomination is an insult. This seat is the longest judicial va-cancy in the country, but it did not have to be that way. Just a few years ago, a highly qualified nominee was picked to fill the seat, but she didn’t even have a hearing, let alone a vote. So then another highly qualified nomi-nee was picked to fill the seat, and she didn’t receive a hearing either—or a basic vote. Now we have another nomi-nee for the same exact seat, but this time my colleagues are practically tripping over themselves to rush him through the Senate at full speed, to push him across the finish line before the end of the year, and to hand him a lifetime appointment to the Court. I urge my colleagues to reject this bad choice. Let’s find someone better, who isn’t so obviously biased on ques-tions related to race. If his record of discrimination and bias alone isn’t enough to convince you, then think about this: We cannot ignore the fact that this nomination is coming at a moment when so many Black Ameri-cans are still experiencing blatant and racist disenfranchisement every time they try to exercise their constitu-tional right to vote. Just look at the voter suppression that happened in Florida and in Georgia this month in their elections for Governor. We have already seen terrible deci-sions from the Federal bench that have rolled back voting rights, such as when the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act. This body has done nothing to address this egregious decision, and we should not be complicit in further eroding this precious right. Now we want to confirm another man to the Federal judiciary who has spent his entire legal career fighting to make it harder for Black Americans to vote. What kind of awful message are we sending to our country? We must reject this nominee. We must stand up to discrimination and racism in all its forms, not reinforce them, not encourage them. I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and vote no. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
UKRAINE  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today, as I have many times be-fore, to stand up for a free and inde-pendent Ukraine. I come to the floor to unambiguously call out and condemn the Russian Gov-ernment’s escalation of aggression and the increasingly dangerous situation in Ukraine. Over the weekend, Russian forces sharply escalated their campaign in Ukraine by attacking and seizing 3 Ukrainian vessels with 23 crew mem-bers and temporarily shutting down commercial shipping through the Kerch Strait. Ukrainian sailors were injured and required medical attention. This was an outrageous violation of Ukraine’s sovereignty, so I want to say this clearly and unequivocally: The Kremlin must immediately return the vessels and sailors to Ukraine. The Kremlin must not obstruct the free passage of shipping through the Kerch Strait moving forward. We here in the United States must take the Kremlin’s actions seriously in word and in deed, for the Russian Gov-ernment’s actions on Sunday marked a sharp escalation in Putin’s ongoing as-sault on the international rules-based order, this time on the freedom of navi-gation in the high seas. Indeed, this was an act of war, and Sunday’s attack comes in the context of ongoing Rus-sian aggression in eastern Ukraine for the past 4 years. For the past 4 years, Ukrainian forces have endured an unrelenting as-sault, rendering the Donbas economi-cally shattered and ungovernable. For the past 4 years, 1.5 million dis-placed people have lived lives of uncer-tainty, not sure when and if they will ever be able to return home. For the past 4 years, Ukraine has struggled to rebuild its economy and reform its institutions while fighting a hot war and suffering regular casual-ties. For the past 4 years, Ukraine has been on the frontlines of a struggle against the Kremlin’s vision of a world that is not guided by Democratic val-ues, not buttressed by fundamental freedoms, not governed by a rules- based international order but, instead, ruled by Mr. Putin and a corrupt cabal of oligarch insiders. Despite years of aggression, Putin’s latest escalation marks an even more insidious turn. Apparently, the Krem-lin no longer seeks to hide behind lies of little green men or Russian-backed separatists. The Russian Government, with no pretense or obfuscation, fully admitted to directly firing on Ukrain-ian forces and seizing their ships. Beyond the military component, this attack tells us that Putin is ramping up an economic war on Ukraine. Since the spring, Russian vessels have blocked Ukrainian commercial ships from sailing through the Kerch Strait, costing Ukraine millions in lost rev-enue from exports and blocking im-ports critical to the Ukrainian econ-omy. This weekend, Moscow opened up a new front in the war, one that could ultimately do the most damage to Ukraine’s viability as a state. Russia’s actions show that its leaders are emboldened, unchastened, and on the march. Clearly our response to Russian efforts to undermine our secu-rity, our fundamental democratic val-ues, our institutions, and the rules- based international order has thus far been inadequate. Certainly the State and Defense De-partments have taken some steps to counter Russian aggression. Ambas-sador Kurt Volker, who has led efforts to fully implement the Minsk agree-ments, has shown clear-eyed leadership in calling out the Kremlin and holding Putin to account. Our Assistant Sec-retary of State for Europe, Wess Mitch-ell, has done much of the same. Sec-retary Jim Mattis has consistently supported a strong military presence in Europe to counter Russian aggression. Nikki Haley, our U.S. Ambassador, issued the first statement from the ad-ministration following Sunday’s attack and was appropriately firm. Come to think of it, I can’t think of any player within the Trump administration who is soft on Russia—except one, of course: the President himself. Just yesterday, when asked by re-porters about Russia’s escalation in Ukraine, President Trump said: ‘‘We don’t like what is happening either way.’’ In other words, he once again fell back on the same old both sides ex-cuse he keeps in his back pocket when-ever asked about Russia’s bad behav-ior. This is not the kind of clear and unequivocal denouncement the people of Ukraine or the world needs to hear from an American President at a mo-ment in which the international demo-cratic order is under attack, but unfor-tunately it is what we have come to ex-pect from President Trump, who re-peatedly subverts his own administra-tion’s positions and efforts on Russia. The work of Mattis, Volker, Mitchell, Haley, and countless others has been repeatedly undermined by a President who has abandoned America’s interests and betrayed our core principles time and time again, from the fiasco in Hel-sinki to an exchange in Paris just weeks ago where he greeted Putin with a giant smile on his face. The President has had many opportu-nities to restore confidence to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.045 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7128 November 27, 2018 
American people and reclaim Amer-ica’s global leadership on Russia pol-icy. While he has repeatedly failed to do so, yet another opportunity lies be-fore him this week at the G20 summit in Buenos Aires, where he is scheduled to meet with Putin. If ever there were a time for this President to defend our country, our principles, and those of our allies, this would be it. If ever there were an opportunity for Amer-ican leadership, this would be it. If there were ever a time for President Trump to find his spine on Russia, this would be it. In the meantime, President Trump must use this week’s opportunity in Buenos Aires to send a clear message to Putin that we will not tolerate its increasingly aggressive behavior in Ukraine. Here is what I believe the President must do: First, the United States needs to in-crease assistance to our friends in Ukraine in the face of continued ag-gression in Donbass and now in the Kerch Strait. The Trump administra-tion must immediately increase secu-rity assistance to Ukraine, including the provision of lethal maritime equip-ment and weapons. In addition, we must bolster intelligence-sharing with Kiev and assist Ukraine’s efforts to im-prove its maritime domain awareness. Second, NATO has a critical role and should consider increasing exercises and its presence in the Black Sea. The United States has maintained an active presence in the South China Sea to protect shipping lanes. NATO should move quickly to establish such a pres-ence in the Black Sea. Third, the United States should in-crease sanctions pressure on Russia im-mediately. This is long overdue. The President is required to impose sanc-tions on Russia under the CAATSA law. Several mandatory provisions of the law remain ignored. I would offer that now would be a good time to fol-low the law. But imposing sanctions alone does not constitute a real strat-egy. Fourth, Sunday’s events present an important opportunity for American engagement with like-minded allies across Europe. Now is the time for seri-ous diplomacy and coalition-building in the face of this threat. Our European friends spoke out in full opposition to Russia’s attack on Sunday. Now let’s see if we can work together to turn words into action and deter such Krem-lin attacks in the future. Finally, as the situation in Ukraine grows more perilous, we in the Senate must also live up to our national secu-rity responsibilities. Following the President’s failures in Helsinki, Sen-ator G
RAHAM and I, along with others, introduced the Defending American Se-curity from Kremlin Aggression Act, known as DASKAA. This legislation is more than another sanctions bill; it charts a comprehensive way forward for how the United States can better defend its interests and those of our close allies against Putin’s unrelenting assault on our values, security, eco-nomic interests, and the rules-based international order. After months of Senate hearings on the legislation, we have nothing to show for it, as both the Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committees have refused to mark up new legisla-tion to respond to the Kremlin threat. What are we waiting for? What are we waiting for? The alarm bells are ring-ing. Yet the Senate Republican leader-ship is sound asleep. They are asleep as Trump concedes more ground to the Kremlin in Ukraine and cyber space; asleep while Russian ships ram Ukrain-ian vessels in international waters and injure brave Ukrainian sailors; asleep while Vladimir Putin pounds away at our points of vulnerability. The American people deserve a vote on DASKAA before we leave for the holidays. Anything less would be a mark of shameful abdication of our re-sponsibility to protect and defend our national interests. I hope this Chamber will wake up to this growing threat. Perhaps Sunday’s attack will be a ringing alarm clock that compels this body and the inter-national community to act. Finally, the American people cannot afford a weak performance by Presi-dent Trump at the G20 summit, like we saw in Helsinki—cannot afford such a performance. President Trump, this is your oppor-tunity to finally show American lead-ership in defense of our principles and our close allies across Europe. The time is now. It is critical. We are waiting to see that in fact the Presi-dent can rise to the moment. RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Finally, on another matter, I want to address breaking news of the day on a related matter. Yesterday, we learned from an exclusive report in the Guard-ian that former Trump campaign chair-man Paul Manafort repeatedly held se-cret talks with WikiLeaks founder Ju-lian Assange within the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. These revelations reported publicly in the Guardian, if true, raise serious, new questions about the Trump campaign’s possible rela-tionship with WikiLeaks, including the timed release of hacked emails orches-trated to inflict maximum damage on Hillary Clinton’s 2016 Presidential cam-paign. According to the published report, Manafort visited in 2015 and then again in the spring of 2016—just in time for Trump to name him the RNC conven-tion manager. Sources in Ecuador say Manafort’s meetings with Assange may have been purposefully kept off the Embassy’s official visitor log. It is es-sential that Ecuador’s current govern-ment publicly and swiftly confirm whether former Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and his administration allowed these meetings to take place. Given that Secretary Pompeo met with Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Va-lencia yesterday morning—the day be-fore this report came out—the State Department and the intelligence com-munity must immediately brief the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Mr. Manafort’s interaction with Mr. Assange, as well as the Ecuadorian Government’s role in any meetings. This is critical for us to know, and I hope it won’t take other actions to get clarity. I am already concerned that tomor-row we are having an all-Members briefing on what happened with Saudi Arabia and the murder of Mr. Khashoggi, and there won’t be anybody from the intelligence community there. Where is Gina Haspel, the head of the CIA? She went and listened to the tapes. Her Agency is reported to have come up with conclusions that said, yes, the Crown Prince knew and was involved, yet we are going to have a briefing without anybody from the intelligence community. It is an af-front to the Senate, which has respon-sibilities—oversight and otherwise—to understand what is the appropriate ac-tion of this body as it relates to U.S. foreign policy and this particular ally. But we are not going to have anybody from the intelligence community. To me, that is the ultimate coverup. So I want to know what happened and whether this Guardian report is true. I want to know from the intel-ligence community what their deter-mination is. I don’t want to hear it characterized by someone else; I want to hear it directly from them. Only then can we actually act in a way that is both concerted and with the knowl-edge necessary to make informed deci-sions on critical U.S. foreign policy. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL OF NOMINATION HOLDS Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Fi-nance Committee has worked with the Treasury Department to ensure proper responsiveness to committee inquiries. We are continuing to review these mat-ters to determine what further over-sight is required. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.046 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7129 November 27, 2018 
Mr. WYDEN. I thank the chairman for his willingness to work with me on this important matter. I know we be-lieve that further oversight needs to be done; however, at this point, the Treas-ury Department has been sufficiently cooperative. Accordingly, I am lifting my hold on Treasury Department nominees. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF STEPHEN ALEXANDER VADEN Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, President Trump nominated Stephen Vaden to be General Counsel for the Department of Agriculture. In that role, Mr. Vaden will oversee all of the legal services for all operations and programs of the Department and 250 at-torneys nationwide. Most of Mr. Vaden’s experience is not in agriculture or natural resources issues. Much of his work at the law firm Jones Day focused on election law, and during the 2016 election cycle, he coauthored amicus briefs in States where State legislatures had enacted discriminatory voting laws designed to suppress minority votes following the Supreme Court ruling in Shelby Coun-ty v. Holder which gutted the Voting Rights Act of 1965. State legislatures in North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia took full advantage of the Shelby County ruling that removed previous preclearance requirements. In North Carolina, the legislature passed a law changing various State voting procedures. The legislature uti-lized racial data on voting practices in drafting the law, and where they saw voting practices that were predomi-nately utilized by African American voters, they changed those voting prac-tices. Mr. Vaden was one of three attorneys who submitted an amicus brief in sup-port of the State of North Carolina, for Senators Tillis, Graham, Cruz, Lee, and the Judicial Education Project. The Jones Day amicus brief argued that ‘‘North Carolina’s race-neutral regula-tions of the time, place, and manner of its elections do not violate Section 2 [Of the Voting Rights Act].’’ They fur-ther wrote, ‘‘Quite to the contrary, North Carolina allows all citizens to vote. Although members of minority races may disproportionately choose, for socio-economic or other reasons, not to take advantage of this equal op-portunity, North Carolina’s practices are not the proximate cause of this phenomenon.’’ In its published opinion, the U.S. Court of Appeals strongly disagreed with that argument and found that the North Carolina State election law ‘‘tar-geted African Americans with almost surgical precision.’’ The court further stated, ‘‘We cannot ignore the evidence that, because of race, the legislature enacted one of the largest restrictions of the franchise in modern North Caro-lina history,’’ and ‘‘Faced with this record, we can only conclude that the North Carolina General Assembly en-acted the challenged provisions with discriminatory intent.’’ At the November 9, 2017, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry hearing to consider Mr. Vaden’s nomination, I questioned him about his role in the amicus brief in the North Carolina voting rights case. I am a firm believer in the right to vote and deeply troubled by the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals findings that the North Caro-lina case involved voter discrimina-tion. I did not find Mr. Vaden’s answers to my questions to be sufficient. When I asked him if the Judicial Education Project paid Jones Day in full for their work on the North Carolina case, he simply said, ‘‘As an associate I did not have access, nor did I participate in the billing function of the firm.’’ I find this answer insufficient. Also, I noted in my questions to Mr. Vaden that, in my experience as having been an associate at a law firm, if an associate indicated to a partner that they did not want to participate in a case, the firm would certainly defer to their wishes. When I asked Mr. Vaden if he expressed any concern with par-ticipating in the voting rights cases to his partners at Jones Day, he replied that he did not. I also note Mr. Vaden’s lack of expe-rience in the area of agriculture. Prior to joining USDA last January, Mr. Vaden had no particular involvement in any agriculture-specific issues or any agriculture-specific clients during his tenure at Jones Day. His nomina-tion is a significant departure by the Trump administration from the back-ground and experience of previous USDA General Counsel nominees, Re-publican or Democrat. For example, during the Obama administration, Jeff Prieto was a longtime attorney at the Justice Department’s Environment and Natural Resources Division before be-coming USDA General Counsel. His predecessor, Ramona Romero, was an attorney with a major U.S. agri-business company involved in a wide range of agricultural policy and legal issues. Going back to the administra-tion of George W. Bush, Nancy Bryson was a long-time environment and nat-ural resources attorney both at the Justice Department and in private practice. I am also troubled to learn that the American Federation of Government Employees, AFGE, came out in opposi-tion to Mr. Vaden’s nomination, citing that one of Mr. Vaden’s first official acts at USDA was to terminate the labor contract between the office and its staff of 250 lawyers and legal profes-sionals nationwide. In their statement, the AFGE stated that, due to his lack of collaboration and partnership with Office of General Counsel workers, they believe he will ‘‘continue creating an agency culture that results in even more unprecedented levels of poor worker morale, with the potential to negatively impact the quality of serv-ices provided to virtually all Ameri-cans.’’ For these reasons, I opposed Stephen Vaden’s nomination for General Coun-sel of the Department of Agriculture. f 
NOMINATION OF JUSTIN MUZINICH AND NOMINATION OF MICHAEL FAULKENDER Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am lifting my holds on the nomina-tions of Justin Muzinich, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury and Michael Faulkender to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy, both of which were reported favorably from the Finance Committee. I had placed holds on these nominations until the Treasury Department agreed to provide the Senate Finance Com-mittee with certain information I had requested in connection with the com-mittee’s oversight of the Treasury De-partment. Working with Chairman H
ATCH , I reached an agreement under which the Treasury Department has cooperated with the Finance Committee on a num-ber of my requests. For these reasons, I will no longer object to any unanimous consent re-quest concerning the nominations of Mr. Muzinich and Mr. Faulkender. 
f 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, this evening the House of Representatives concurred in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 140, legisla-tion known as the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. The House’s action clears the way for this measure to reach the President’s desk. As the Coast Guard works through hurricane season and con-tinues drug interdiction and other crit-ical efforts, House passage of this legis-lation is a critical step toward sup-porting the men and women in uniform who guard our Nation. Among this bill’s provisions is a title that address-es the need for clear and enforceable standards of incidental water dis-charges from vessels. Senator C
ARPER  and I reached a bipartisan agreement, included in this legislation, which places the Environmental Protection Agency in the lead role of establishing standards, which the Coast Guard will monitor and enforce. Clear, achievable rules will be the most effective way to address environmental concerns about the spread of invasive species through ballast water discharges. I am pleased to have reached this agreement, and I want to inform my colleagues that we will be submitting errata to the Com-mittee Report on the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2018 Senate Report 115–89, that reflects the agreement we reached. I ask the Senator from Dela-ware if the Senator agrees that the modifications we negotiated over the last few months have made a signifi-cant improvement to the legislation? Mr. CARPER. I thank the Senator from South Dakota. I do agree. Today, we are one step closer to getting this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.034 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7130 November 27, 2018 
strong bipartisan compromise on vessel discharge legislation signed into law. This bill protects waters across our country from the environmental and economic risk of the spread of invasive species contained in ballast water, while also providing regulatory cer-tainty for vessel owners and mariners. To reach this agreement, my col-leagues and I did not settle for what was easy or what was expedient. These improvements in the VIDA title have taken a great deal of time and energy, and they were the right thing to do. Specifically, they will reduce the risks posed by ballast water discharges that enter our waterways, minimize the likelihood of introducing invasive spe-cies along our coasts and in the Great Lakes, while still ensuring these dis-charges are regulated under the Clean Water Act. I know the Senator from South Dakota shares my hope that the President signs this legislation expedi-tiously. He and I will make sure that the legislative history regarding this provision is clear. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHEL GROSS Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Shel Gross, director of Public Policy for Mental Health Amer-ica of Wisconsin, MHA, on his retire-ment. Throughout his career, Shel has helped everyday Wisconsinites in their battle with mental health issues and has been a powerful advocate, peer, mentor, and leader in elevating the voices of those struggling with mental illness. Shel has been the director of Public for MHA of Wisconsin since April 2000. During his tenure, he has significantly expanded the array of community- based mental health services that sup-port recovery and independence. Wis-consin owes Shel a debt of gratitude for raising awareness of both the tragedy and treatability of many serious men-tal health afflictions. Shel’s greatest accomplishment is his tremendous work in reducing the prev-alence of suicide in Wisconsin. As project manager for MHA’s statewide prevention/early intervention initia-tive in mental health, he focused on improving the quality of behavioral healthcare to help lower Wisconsin’s suicide rate. According to the Wis-consin Department of Health Services, over 700 Wisconsin residents die each year by suicide. Another 5,500 Wis-consin residents are hospitalized due to intentional, self-inflicted injury. As project manager of a suicide preven-tion grant, Shel made it his life’s work to reduce the number of people affected by suicide or suicide attempts, work that deserves the utmost praise and ap-preciation. The Milwaukee Mental Health Task Force, MHTF, awarded Shel the Karen Avery Award in 2017, which honors those who have shown tremendous ad-vocacy and leadership in advancing the rights of people with disabilities. Working hand-in-hand with the award’s namesake, Shel helped establish the Grassroots Empowerment Project, GEP, to create opportunities for people seeking mental health recovery and wellness to exercise power in their lives. Shel has been a prominent voice for recognizing and tapping the power of community to help heal the isola-tion of depression. Shel will be deeply missed by his col-leagues and all those who consider him a loyal friend and passionate advocate. I know Shel will continue to be a valu-able voice on these important issues after retirement, but I congratulate him on this milestone and wish him the very best in this new chapter. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 150th anniversary of Wayne State University. Located in the heart of Detroit, MI, Wayne State University provides world-class edu-cation and has made a tremendous im-pact on the community that surrounds it. In 1868, just over 30 years after the State of Michigan joined the Union, the development of what would become Wayne State University began with the establishment of the Detroit Medical College by five physicians who were in-spired to improve medical education after their service in the Civil War. Following shortly thereafter, the De-troit Normal Training School—the predecessor of the college of edu-cation—was founded. At the turn of the 20th century, the school saw rapid transformation and development. A change in attitudes brought on by the progressive move-ment between 1890 and 1920 impacted institutions across America. In 1917, the Detroit College of Medicine and Surgery admitted its first female stu-dents, as the Detroit Normal Training School began admitting married women. These milestones in the school’s history coincided with the cul-mination of women’s suffrage in the United States. In 1934, the Wayne Uni-versity name was adopted, eventually becoming Wayne State University in 1956, after the Michigan State Legisla-ture approved public act 183. Year after year, Wayne’s footprint would grow to include more programs and opportunities for students to excel. Growth of that footprint included De-troit City Law School, which was founded in 1927 and later became part of Wayne University in 1933. Moreover, as veterans from World War II came home and acclimated into civilian life, Wayne University established the of-fice of veteran affairs to help veterans continue their education, enter voca-tional training programs, and transi-tion into the workforce. With the in-troduction of the GI bill, Wayne Uni-versity’s programs saw it well posi-tioned to increase its veteran enroll-ment. In 1950, the former central high school and main building of the College of the City of Detroit was renamed Old Main, becoming one of the City of De-troit’s and Wayne University’s most notable landmarks. The 1960s proved to be a pivotal time in American history, with the civil rights movement and the Vietnam war serving as the backdrop of the public’s conscience, ushering in a new era of barrier breaking civic engagement. Throughout the 1960s, Wayne State University continued to build on its rich tradition of progressivism by es-tablishing the office of counseling for the handicapped, the center for urban studies, and covering pertinent social issues in the school newspaper. Continuing to build on its record of success, Wayne State launched doc-toral programs in the college of phar-macy and college of nursing, and estab-lished the college of urban, labor, and metropolitan affairs, and college of fine and performing arts. In 1994, Wayne State was recognized for its re-search and was classified as a Research I university by the Carnegie Founda-tion for the Advancement of Teaching. Ever mindful of its position within the community as a bridge for stake-holders across all fields of endeavor, Wayne State has forged numerous part-nerships to empower the community and its students to succeed in a rapidly changing world. In 2004, the first phase of TechTown was completed, which brought Wayne State together with the Henry Ford Health System and General Motors to support entrepreneurship and technological advancement. In 2013, Wayne State named M. Roy Wil-son as president of the university, and he has continued this rich legacy of community partnerships. Throughout its 150-year history, Wayne State University has fostered an environment of innovation, inclu-sion, and community. The university is deeply rooted in the city of Detroit and has been an indispensable partner in the city’s development and renewal. I am proud to be a law school alumnus and am certain that Wayne State will continue to succeed in its mission to cultivate the Warrior Strong leaders of tomorrow. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this important mile-stone in the history of Wayne State University as it celebrates its sesqui-centennial.∑ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF PELHAM BATESVILLE FIRE DEPART-MENT—FIRE DISTRICT ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today it is my pleasure to honor the Pelham Batesville Fire Department, as the fire district celebrates its 50th anniversary. Since 1968, the district and fire depart-ment have dutifully provided fire and rescue services to a large area of up-state South Carolina, including parts of Greenville County, Spartanburg County, and Greer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.035 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7131 November 27, 2018 
Time and again, the PBFD has re-mained vigilant and steadfast in their commitment to providing the best emergency services to the community. True dedication and generosity are characteristics frequently used to de-scribe this department; once, PBFD firefighters pitched in to just to pay for gas to drive the trucks to the next emergency. Today, the future of the de-partment looks bright, as it grows at an unprecedented rate and now in-cludes four stations. I look forward to hearing of their continued success. Congratulations on 50 years, Pelham Batesville Fire Department and dis-trict, and thank you for your continued services to the upstate.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY COTTER ∑Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, today, on the occasion of his retire-ment, I would like to honor Lawrence P. ‘‘Larry’’ Cotter, a very special Alas-kan who, for years, has given his heart and soul to our fishing industry, one of Alaska’s most vital cultural and eco-nomic industries. Larry began working in Alaska’s commercial fishing industry in 1974, when he was a seafood processing worker in Juneau. He then spent 8 years as a labor organizer and rep-resentative for seafood processing workers and longshoremen. Addition-ally, Larry served on the advisory panel to the North Pacific Fishery Management Council for 6 years and then as a voting member of the council for an additional 6 years. The time of Larry’s service on the council was dur-ing the transition years when foreign fishing was being phased out, our U.S. domestic fishing and processing capa-bilities were stepping up to replace the foreign fleets, and allocation issues among U.S. fisheries interests were first coming to the forefront. These were difficult, challenging, and exciting times in Alaska’s fishing in-dustry, and Larry was on the frontlines for all of it, helping to shape the most sustainable, best managed fisheries in the world. Until recently, Larry has served as founding CEO of the Community Devel-opment Quota—CDQ—Group, known as the Aleutian Pribilof Island Commu-nity Development Association, or APICDA, which has provided jobs and scholarships for thousands of Aleutian and Pribilof Island residents, and has helped develop the workforce and build infrastructure throughout the region. Larry is my friend and a great Alas-kan. His leadership in the seafood in-dustry has helped make Alaska the ‘‘superpower of seafood.’’ Thank you, Larry, for your tremen-dous contributions to our sustainable fisheries. Enjoy your retirement, and best of luck in your continuing endeav-ors.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN EXECUTIVE ORDER DECLARING A NATIONAL EMERGENCY RELATED TO THE SITUATION IN NICARAGUA—PM 48 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order declaring a national emergency to deal with the threat posed by the situation in Nicaragua, including the violent re-sponse by the Government of Nica-ragua to the protests that began on April 18, 2018, and the Ortega regime’s systematic dismantling and under-mining of democratic institutions and the rule of law, its use of indiscrimi-nate violence and repressive tactics against civilians, as well as its corrup-tion leading to the destabilization of Nicaragua’s economy. The Executive Order blocks all prop-erty and interests in property within United States jurisdiction of any per-son determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State: (i) to be responsible for or complicit in, or to have directly or indirectly en-gaged or attempted to engage in, any of the following: (A) serious human rights abuse in Nicaragua; (B) actions or policies that under-mine democratic processes or institu-tions in Nicaragua; (C) actions or policies that threaten the peace, security, or stability of Nicaragua; (D) any transaction or series of transactions involving deceptive prac-tices or corruption by, on behalf of, or otherwise related to the Government of Nicaragua or a current or former offi-cial of the Government of Nicaragua, such as the misappropriation of public assets or expropriation of private as-sets for personal gain or political pur-poses, corruption related to govern-ment contracts, or bribery; (ii) to be a leader or official of an en-tity that has, or whose members have, engaged in any activity described in section (i) or of an entity whose prop-erty and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order; (iii) to be an official of the Govern-ment of Nicaragua or to have served as an official of the Government of Nica-ragua at any time on or after January 10, 2007; (iv) to have materially assisted, spon-sored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of: (A) any activities described in sec-tion (i); or (B) any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pur-suant to the Executive Order; or (v) to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order. I have delegated to the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the authority to take such actions, including the pro-mulgation of rules and regulations, and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. All agencies of the United States Government are directed to take all appropriate measures with-in their authority to carry out the pro-visions of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 27, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 2:15 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 3554. An act to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. H.R. 5784. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, November 27, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 3554. An act to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.030 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7132 November 27, 2018 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 793. A bill to prohibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–388). S. 3143. A bill to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum re-search and development for the economic and national security of the United States (Rept. No. 115–389). S. 3367. A bill to amend certain transpor-tation-related reporting requirements to im-prove congressional oversight, reduce report-ing burdens, and promote transparency, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–390). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 3279. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that extraction of he-lium from gas produced under a Federal min-eral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas (Rept. No. 115–391). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. John N. T. Shanahan, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Kevin B. Schneider, to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Stephen J. Hager and ending with Col. Nelson G. Rosen, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on October 5, 2018. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Laura L. Yeager, to be Major General. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Michael M. Gilday, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nominations beginning with Brigadier General Jeffrey W. Burkett and ending with Brigadier General Russ A. Walz, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Colonel James R. Camp and ending with Colonel James G. Silvasy, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on No-vember 13, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Colonel Darrin K. Anderson and ending with Colonel John W. Pogorek, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on No-vember 13, 2018. Air Force nomination of Col. Thomas A. Dukes, Jr., to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Christopher L. Montanaro, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nominations beginning with Brigadier General Vito E. Addabbo and end-ing with Brigadier General Boyd C. L. Parker IV, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 13, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Colonel Elizabeth E. Arledge and ending with Colonel Roger P. Suro, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Sami D. Said, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. David W. Allvin, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Brent W. Scott, to be Rear Admiral. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. John J. Bartrum and ending with Col. Anita L. Fligge, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 13, 2018. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD  on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Lisa M. Bader and ending with Ilaina M. Wingler, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 18, 2018. Air Force nomination of Sung-Yul Lee, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Francisca A. Alaka Lampton and ending with Michael D. Zimmer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Christopher Gene Adams and ending with Benjamin Paul Zuniga, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Ste-ven D. Sikora and ending with Anita Sar-gent, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 14, 2018. Army nomination of Harold E. Turks, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Ben-jamin M. Lipari and ending with Gregory S, Soule, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on October 5, 2018. Army nomination of Jennifer L. Wright, to be Major. Army nomination of Christiaan D. Taylor, to be Major. Army nomination of Shayne R. Estes, to be Major. Army nomination of Michael W. Keebaugh, to be Major. Army nomination of Heins V. Recheungel, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of John R. Schwab, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Amanda L. Silvers, to be Major. Army nomination of Ricky L. Warren, Jr., to be Major. Army nomination of Eric R. Swenson, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with An-thony C. Adolph and ending with Kay K. Wakatake, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 13, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Scott S. Brenneman and ending with Kevin V. Thompson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 14, 2018. Army nomination of Richard S. Taylor, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Daniel S. Marshall, to be Major. Army nomination of Kindra C. New, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Sandra L. Ahinga and ending with D014887, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on No-vember 14, 2018. Army nomination of Rhonda C. Pugh, to be Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of James D. Foley, to be Major. Navy nominations beginning with Joshua C. Andres and ending with Travis R. Vosler, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018. By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. *Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Di-rector of the National Park Service. *Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear En-ergy). *Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspec-tor General, Social Security Administration. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER: S. 7. A bill to amend title 51, United States Code, to extend the authority of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion to enter into leases of non-excess prop-erty of the Administration; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 8. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to address insuffi-cient compensation of employees and other personnel of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 9. A bill to require the Director of the National Science Foundation to develop an I–Corps course to support commercializa-tion-ready innovation companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 10. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income certain Federally-subsidized loan repay-ments for dental school faculty; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, Mr. R EED, and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 3658. A bill to require the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to submit to Congress a report on the death of Jamal Khashoggi, and for other purposes; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. By Mr. TILLIS: S. 3659. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘Amer-ican World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.008 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7133 November 27, 2018 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 3660. A bill to improve the health of mi-nority individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R
OUNDS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. P ETERS ): S. 3661. A bill to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II; consid-ered and passed. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. S
ANDERS ): S. Res. 707. A resolution commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978; to the Committee on In-dian Affairs. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S MITH, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R
EED, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. Res. 708. A resolution expressing the need for bold climate action in response to the release of the United Nations report enti-tled ‘‘Global Warming of 1.5 C, an IPCC spe-cial report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5 C above pre-industrial levels and re-lated global greenhouse gas emission path-ways, in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate poverty’’ and the Fourth Na-tional Climate Assessment report entitled ‘‘Volume II: Impacts, Risks, and Adaptation in the United States’’ by the United States Global Change Research Program; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. Res. 709. A resolution condemning Rus-sia’s provocative actions in the Kerch Strait against the Ukrainian navy; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based im-migrants, to increase the per-country numerical limitation for family-spon-sored immigrants, and for other pur-poses. S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 352, a bill to award a Con-gressional Gold Medal to Master Ser-geant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recognition of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting pe-riod for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute mater-nity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eu-gene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1742 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1742, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an option for any citizen or permanent resident of the United States age 55 to 64 to buy into Medicare. 
S. 1933 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1933, a bill to focus limited Fed-eral resources on the most serious of-fenders. 
S. 2038 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2038, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presump-tion of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea, and for other purposes. S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Dem-onstration Program. 
S. 2358 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2358, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2637 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2637, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing mater-nity care quality measures and sup-porting maternity care quality collaboratives. 
S. 3137 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3137, a bill to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment to improve efficiency and ef-fectiveness. 
S. 3166 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3166, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recogni-tion of their extraordinary service dur-ing World War II. 
S. 3238 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3238, a bill to improve oversight by the Federal Communications Com-mission of the wireless and broadcast emergency alert systems. 
S. 3401 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3401, a bill to provide minimum standards for transactions secured by a dwelling, and for other purposes. 
S. 3482 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3482, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program. 
S. 3530 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.007 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7134 November 27, 2018 
(Ms. S MITH) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3530, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3600 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3600, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide that floor plan financing includes the financing of certain trailers and campers. 
S. 3645 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3645, a bill to extend the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for pro-grams to help reduce the risk that pris-oners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
S. 3655 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3655, a bill to deter crimi-nal robocall violations and improve en-forcement of section 227(b) of the Com-munications Act of 1934, and for other purposes. 
S. 3657 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3657, a bill to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program. 
S. RES. 703 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 703, a resolution ex-pressing support for the goals of Stom-ach Cancer Awareness Month. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. R EED, and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 3658. A bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to submit to Congress a report on the death of Jamal Khashoggi, and for other pur-poses; to the Select Committee on In-telligence. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am introducing legislation to require the Director of National Intelligence to provide the Congress and the public an assessment of who carried out, partici-pated in, ordered, or was otherwise complicit in, or responsible for, the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. This question is of enormous impor-tance to the Congress and the Amer-ican people. Jamal Khashoggi was a journalist. He wrote for the Wash-ington Post, and he resided in the United States. He visited the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, only be-cause he was seeking documents to get married. But he never came out. The Saudis killed him, and they covered it up. Naturally, the American people want to know what happened and who or-dered this assassination. In an inter-view on November 18, Donald Trump was asked whether the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Muhammad bin Salman, lied to him when he denied knowing about Khashoggi’s murder. But Trump’s response was simply ‘‘Will anybody really know?’’ Those kinds of judgments are what we have an Intelligence Community for. So I called for CIA Director Gina Haspel and Director of National Intel-ligence Dan Coats to come forward and provide a public assessment of who was responsible for the killing of Jamal Khashoggi. Unfortunately, that did not happen, and Donald Trump only dou-bled down. Last Tuesday, he put out a sickening statement in which he made it clear that he did not care who may have ordered the murder. In a display of cowardice and weakness, Donald Trump let it be known that his blind devotion to the Saudis will lead him to abandon American values, as well as our moral standing in the world. The reasons behind Donald Trump’s embrace of the Saudi dictators at the expense of American interests, like his affection for President Putin, are not fully known. In both cases, there are fi-nancial entanglements that demand aggressive and thorough investigation. And, in both cases, Donald Trump has attempted to muddy the waters by casting doubts on U.S. intelligence. That is why, in his statement last Tuesday, he continued to insist that the murder of Jamal Khashoggi was an unsolvable mystery. This is what he said: ‘‘Our intelligence agencies con-tinue to assess all information, but it could very well be that the Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event—maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!’’ Donald Trump no doubt hopes that will be the last word. But Congress can make sure that it isn’t. My legislation requires the Intelligence Community to provide an unclassified, public as-sessment about the killing of Jamal Khashoggi. That assessment, not the predictable obfuscations of Donald Trump, will then provide the basis on which the Congress and the American people can move forward after this atrocity. This intelligence assessment is crit-ical to the debate currently going on in the Congress about U.S. policy toward Saudi Arabia. The Kingdom’s human rights abuses go well beyond the mur-der of Jamal Khashoggi. A report last week about the torture of women’s rights activists is just the latest of many years of accounts of abuses car-ried out by this autocratic and brutal regime. Many Members of Congress, in-cluding myself, are also deeply con-cerned about Saudi Arabia’s role in the war in Yemen, which has created al-most unimaginable suffering. The importance of a public Intel-ligence Community assessment about the Khashoggi murder extends beyond Saudi Arabia. If the world’s dictators know that they can kill journalists and American residents, and Donald Trump will stand in the way of a public ac-counting, the door may be open to fu-ture murders. Congress must not allow this to happen. Congress must draw the line. That start with letting the Intel-ligence Community speak for itself and allowing the Nation, and the world, to know what the Intelligence Commu-nity assesses actually happened. Finally, Mr. President, let me ad-dress the argument that the assess-ments of the Intelligence Community must remain secret. In many cases, I agree. But, as I’ve just explained, the questions about this brutal murder are far too important for Congress and the American people to accept the cloud of Donald Trump’s willful ignorance. In addition, it is simply unacceptable for Donald Trump to purport to speak about intelligence matters and for the leaders of the Intelligence Community to just hide under their desks. The American taxpayer pays the Intel-ligence Community over $80 billion a year to uncover the truth and arrive at objective assessments. If all the Amer-ican people get is Donald Trump tell-ing them that everything is unknow-able, then what is the point? This prob-lem has come up in other contexts, es-pecially with regard to election inter-ference. Unfortunately, it is not going away. So it is the job of Congress to in-sist that the Intelligence Community tell us what they really think. And, if they won’t, then Congress must require it. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3661. A bill to provide for a pro-gram of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II; considered and passed. 
S. 3661 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘75th Anni-versary of World War II Commemoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) C OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary of Defense shall con-duct a program to commemorate the 75th an-niversary of World War II. In conducting the commemorative program, the Secretary shall support and facilitate other programs and activities of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and not-for- profit organizations in commemoration of the 75th anniversary of World War II. The Secretary shall conduct the commemorative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.013 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7135 November 27, 2018 
program in accordance with applicable De-partment of Defense policy and using re-sources available to the Secretary, including amounts in the Fund under subsection (d). (b) C
OMMEMORATIVE ACTIVITIES AND OBJEC-
TIVES .—The commemorative program may include activities and ceremonies to achieve the following objectives: (1) To thank and honor veterans of World War II, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war or listed as missing in ac-tion, for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. (2) To educate the public about the history of World War II and highlight the service of the Armed Forces during World War II and the contributions of Federal agencies and governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. (3) To pay tribute to the contributions made on the home front by the people of the United States during World War II. (4) To recognize the contributions and sac-rifices made by the allies of the United States during World War II. (5) To remember the Holocaust, the annihi-lation of 6,000,000 Jews by the Nazi regime, and to pay tribute to the Allied troops who liberated Nazi concentration camps during World War II. (c) N
AMES AND SYMBOLS .—The Secretary of Defense shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the name ‘‘The United States of America 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration’’, and such seal, emblems, and badges incorporating such name as the Secretary may lawfully adopt. Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede rights that are established or vested before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
OMMEMORATIVE FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION .— Upon the Secretary establishing the com-memorative program under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). The Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense. (2) U
SE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the assets of the Fund only for the purpose of conducting the commemorative program and providing grants to State and local governments and not-for-profit organi-zations for commemorative activities, and shall prescribe such regulations regarding the use of the Fund as the Secretary con-siders to be necessary. (3) D
EPOSITS .—The following shall be de-posited into the Fund: (A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (B) Proceeds derived from the Secretary’s use of the exclusive rights described in sub-section (c). (C) Donations made in support of the com-memorative program by private and cor-porate donors. (D) Funds transferred to the Fund by the Secretary from funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years for the De-partment of Defense. (4) A
VAILABILITY .—Subject to subsection (g)(2), amounts deposited under paragraph (3) shall constitute the assets of the Fund and remain available until expended. (5) B
UDGET REQUEST .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish a separate budget line for the commemorative program. In the budget justification materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for any fiscal year for which the Secretary establishes the separate budget line, the Secretary shall— (A) identify and explain any amounts ex-pended for the commemorative program in the fiscal year preceding the budget request; (B) identify and explain the amounts being requested to support the commemorative program for the fiscal year of the budget re-quest; and (C) present a summary of the fiscal status of the Fund. (e) ACCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT SERVICES .—Not- withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may accept from any person voluntary services to be provided in furtherance of the commemo-rative program. The Secretary of Defense shall prohibit the solicitation of any vol-untary services if the nature or cir-cumstances of such solicitation would com-promise the integrity or the appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of Defense or of any individual involved in the program. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF INCIDENTAL EX -
PENSES .—The Secretary may provide for re-imbursement of incidental expenses incurred by a person providing voluntary services under this subsection. The Secretary shall determine which expenses are eligible for re-imbursement under this paragraph. (f) C
ONSULTATION WITHDIRECTOR OF THE  U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MU-
SEUM .—In designing the commemorative pro-gram conducted under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consult with the Di-rector of the United States Holocaust Memo-rial Museum. (g) F
INAL REPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the commemorative program established by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing an accounting of— (A) all of the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Fund; (B) any other funds expended under this section; and (C) any unobligated funds remaining in the Fund. (2) T
REATMENT OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— Unobligated amounts remaining in the Fund as of the end of the commemorative period shall be held in the Fund until transferred by law. (h) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .—Total expenditures from the Fund, using amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense, may not exceed $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 or for any subsequent fiscal year to carry out the commemorative program. (i) S
UNSET .— (1) C
OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM .—The com-memorative program shall terminate on De-cember 31, 2021. (2) F
UND.—The Fund shall terminate 60 days after the termination of the commemo-rative program. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 707—COM-MEMORATING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE INDIAN CHILD WELFARE ACT OF 1978 Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. SANDERS ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs: 
S. R ES. 707 Whereas the United States and Indian Tribes have a unique government-to-govern-ment relationship set out in the Constitu-tion, treaties, and statutes and affirmed through centuries of court precedent; Whereas it is the duty of the Federal Gov-ernment— (1) to uphold that unique relationship; and (2) to protect American Indian or Alaska Native (AIAN) children, to whom the United States owes a trust responsibility; Whereas research shows that family, cul-ture, and community provide all children, including American Indian and Alaska Na-tive youth, with the tools needed to grow into healthy, resilient adults; Whereas research conducted in the 1970s showed that— (1) 1 out of every 3 AIAN children was re-moved from their families and placed in fos-ter care or adoptive homes; (2) 85 percent of these foster care place-ments and 90 percent of these adoptions re-sulted in AIAN children being placed in non- Indian homes; and (3) most of these removals were not related to the threat of abuse or neglect, but rather to— (A) a lack of understanding of tribal child- rearing and cultural practices; and (B) the bias of those involved in making key decisions in the child welfare process; Whereas, to address this unwarranted, dis-proportionate removal of AIAN children from their homes, Congress wrote the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) to carefully balance— (1) the unique Federal responsibility for the welfare of AIANs, including AIAN chil-dren; (2) the historical role of the States in for-mulating and executing child welfare policy; and (3) the inherent and continuing sovereign authority of Indian Tribes to be involved in important child welfare decisions; Whereas Congress unanimously passed the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) on October 14, 1978, and Presi-dent Carter signed the Act into law on No-vember 8, 1978; Whereas the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.)— (1) adheres to the principles of tribal sov-ereignty; (2) promotes the best interests of AIAN children; and (3) ensures child welfare systems follow best practices and treat AIAN children fair-ly; Whereas a coalition of leading national child welfare organizations has declared the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) to be the ‘‘gold standard’’ in child welfare system practices; Whereas, over the 40 years since its enact-ment, the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) has served as a model for multiple States that have enacted similar or identical provisions in their own statutes, regulations, and procedures; Whereas, Indian Tribes are united in their support for the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) and have worked collaboratively with States and local govern-ments to support compliance with the Act; and Whereas, despite progress made by the In-dian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.), the need for its protections remains: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.016 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7136 November 27, 2018 
(1) commemorates the 40th anniversary of the enactment of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (2) reaffirms that the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.)— (A) protects the best interests of Indian children; (B) promotes the stability and security of Indian Tribes and families; and (C) respects the sovereign authority of both the States and Indian Tribes; and (3) calls on the Federal Government to con-tinue working with Indian Tribes and States to fully uphold and implement the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.). f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 708—EX-PRESSING THE NEED FOR BOLD CLIMATE ACTION IN RESPONSE TO THE RELEASE OF THE UNITED NATIONS REPORT ENTI-TLED ‘‘GLOBAL WARMING OF 1.5 C, AN IPCC SPECIAL REPORT ON THE IMPACTS OF GLOBAL WARMING OF 1.5 C ABOVE PRE- INDUSTRIAL LEVELS AND RE-LATED GLOBAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION PATHWAYS, IN THE CONTEXT OF STRENGTH-ENING THE GLOBAL RESPONSE TO THE THREAT OF CLIMATE CHANGE, SUSTAINABLE DEVEL-OPMENT, AND EFFORTS TO ERADICATE POVERTY’’ AND THE FOURTH NATIONAL CLIMATE AS-SESSMENT REPORT ENTITLED ‘‘VOLUME II: IMPACTS, RISKS, AND ADAPTATION IN THE UNITED STATES’’ BY THE UNITED STATES GLOBAL CHANGE RESEARCH PROGRAM Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. R EED, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. B EN-
NET) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works: 
S. R ES. 708 Whereas, on October 8, 2018, the Intergov-ernmental Panel on Climate Change released a report entitled ‘‘Global Warming of 1.5 °C, an IPCC special report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5 °C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse gas emission pathways, in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of climate change, sustainable devel-opment, and efforts to eradicate poverty’’ (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘IPCC re-port’’) in response to an invitation from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; Whereas the IPCC report was written by 91 authors and review editors from 40 countries, including the United States, and was re-viewed by thousands of expert and govern-ment reviewers from around the world; Whereas, on November 23, 2018, the United States Global Change Research Program de-livered its congressionally mandated Fourth Annual Climate Assessment report entitled ‘‘Volume II: Impacts, Risks, and Adaptation in the United States’’ (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘NCA report’’); Whereas the NCA report represents the findings of over 300 Federal and non-Federal experts and was reviewed by the 13 Federal agencies that comprise the United States Global Change Research Program; Whereas the IPCC report found that— (1) increases in global temperature above pre-industrial levels are overwhelmingly the result of anthropogenic sources of atmos-pheric carbon and other greenhouse gases; (2) the last 50-year period in the Northern Hemisphere had the warmest average tem-perature of any 50-year period in the last 500 years; (3) Earth is already experiencing the con-sequences of 1 degree Celsius warming above pre-industrial levels in the form of extreme weather, rising sea levels, longer and more severe droughts, diminishing Arctic sea ice, and diminished glacial and snow cover, among other impacts; (4) as the global temperature continues to rise, the impacts of a warming atmosphere increase in severity; (5) the difference between warming of 1.5 degrees Celsius and 2 degrees Celsius is sub-stantial, and limiting warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius is affordable, feasible, and necessary to protect people from the worst impacts of climate change, including extreme heat, drought, floods, and increased poverty and instability; (6) compared to warming of 1.5 degrees Cel-sius, warming at or above 2 degrees Celsius could— (A) result in a global sea level rise of an additional 10 centimeters and substantially more summers without Arctic sea ice; (B) worsen impacts to terrestrial, fresh-water, coastal, and marine ecosystems; and (C) increase the risk of species loss and extinctions; (7) warming at or above 2 degrees Celsius could also lead to— (A) a loss of greater than 99 percent of all coral reefs on Earth; and (B) mass migration from regions most af-fected by atmospheric changes; (8) at a rise in temperature of 1.5 degrees Celsius, the global population exposed to water stress could be 50 percent lower than if the global temperature rises by 2 degrees Celsius; (9) the number of people exposed to ex-treme heat waves would rise substantially with an increase in global temperature of 2 degrees Celsius rather than 1.5 degrees Cel-sius; (10) at current rates of greenhouse gas emissions, Earth will warm by 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels by 2040; and (11) to avoid the effects of a rise in global temperature of 1.5 degrees Celsius by 2040, net global greenhouse gas emissions must be reduced by 45 percent below 2010 levels by 2030 and 100 percent below 2010 levels by 2050; Whereas the NCA report found that, in the United States— (1) rising sea levels caused by a changing climate already threaten infrastructure and ecosystems; and (2) warming at or above 2 degrees Celsius will cause— (A) over $500,000,000,000 annually in lost economic output from crop failure, lost labor, and damages related to extreme weather; (B) crop yields of corn and soybeans to fall an average of 15 percent; (C) wildfires to burn at least twice as much forest area annually; (D) an additional 2,000 premature deaths annually from higher temperatures in the Midwest; and (E) sea levels to continue to rise, threat-ening public infrastructure and coastal real estate valued at $1,000,000,000,000; Whereas the United States is— (1) a global leader; (2) a member of the global community and is affected by climate impacts such as those outlined in the IPCC report; and (3) already suffering from the impacts of climate change; Whereas it is possible and economically beneficial to transition to a low-carbon emission economy that would not contribute to global climate change and would result in sustainable economic growth; and Whereas the Government of the United States has failed to enact policies to effec-tively transition to a low-carbon emission economy or to reduce greenhouse gas emis-sions in line with scientific recommenda-tions to reduce global temperature changes: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes and accepts the findings of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in the report of October 8, 2018, enti-tled ‘‘Global Warming of 1.5 °C, an IPCC spe-cial report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5 °C above pre-industrial levels and re-lated global greenhouse gas emission path-ways, in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate poverty’’; (2) recognizes and accepts the findings of the Fourth National Climate Assessment re-port entitled ‘‘Volume II: Impacts, Risks, and Adaptation in the United States’’ by the United States Global Change Research Pro-gram; and (3) expresses that it is the sense of the Sen-ate that— (A) reducing greenhouse gas emissions in line with the recommendations of the Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change and the United States Global Change Research Program would help avoid the most dev-astating climate change impacts and would be good for all people of the United States; and (B) immediate action by Congress and the executive branch is needed to help reduce global greenhouse gas emissions by 45 per-cent below 2010 levels by 2030 and 100 percent below 2010 levels by 2050. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important words of our Constitu-tion are the first three: ‘‘We the Peo-ple.’’ These words were written in supersized font so that anyone stand-ing across the room would know ex-actly what the vision of our Constitu-tion is all about: government of, by, and for the people, as Abraham Lincoln put it—not a nation by and for the privileged, not a nation by and for the powerful, but for the people. Unfortunately, we see too much today of our government being taken over by the powerful. We see the use of gerrymandering, which has totally cor-rupted the distribution of power in the House of Representatives just down that hallway. We see the use of voter suppression in State after State. My colleague from Illinois just pointed out that a man nominated to be a judge here in the United States of America was a key advocate, a key participant, a key architect of voter suppression. That should deeply trouble every Mem-ber of this body because if you believe in the vision of our Constitution, you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.018 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7137 November 27, 2018 
would be a full-on advocate for voter empowerment, not voter suppression. We see this played out in all kinds of different policies. We saw it played out in 2017 when the powerful drove through this body a $1.5 trillion theft of Federal resources and distributed it to the richest Americans. That is what happens in corrupt countries far over-seas. But it happened right here, right in this Chamber—a theft of $1.5 trillion out of our Treasury, distributed through that tax bill to the richest Americans. I can tell my colleagues after having done 360 townhalls in my home state, 220 of them in very red counties, no one has ever come up to me—not from the left or the right or the center—and said: I have a great idea. Let’s raid the Federal Treasury and distribute it to the richest people among us. Yet that is what we see with government by and for the powerful, as demonstrated right now, here in this U.S. Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives down the hall. I will tell you where else we see it. We see it in the neglect of our responsi-bility to care for our beautiful blue- green planet. All across the land, we are seeing the devastating con-sequences of carbon pollution and the heat that it is trapping and the con-sequences that is driving. Yet here in this Chamber, on this most important responsibility, we do absolutely noth-ing. In fact, we make it worse, with the majority serving simply as the imple-menters of whatever version of fossil fuel special favor, special interest, powerful interest policy they can pos-sibly think up—more and more for fos-sil fuels, more and more damage to our country. This, certainly, is a situation we are in where we are seeing our land pil-laged and polluted. That is a battle we have been waging for many years, but this last week we had a powerful re-minder of just how much trouble we are in. Just last week—last Friday— the Trump administration released the ‘‘Fourth National Climate Assess-ment,’’ and what it has to say is fright-ening. It is shocking. Realize that this is not some environmental group; this is not some leftwing think tank; this is the Trump administration releasing this report. This is what it has to say. It says that our climate is changing, that its impacts are being felt all around us be-cause of human activity and the carbon pollution being released into the at-mosphere from the burning of fossil fuels. This report was written by 13 Federal agencies, and it reiterates this point time and again, and it has the following sentence: ‘‘Earth’s climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of modern civilization, primarily as a result of human activi-ties.’’ This is the statement from the Trump administration’s 13 agencies that came together to alert us to ex-actly where we stand. What does this mean in real terms? Well, it means we are going to see many more extremely hot days and far fewer cold days. We are going to see more extreme weather events, like the recordbreaking heat waves, like the ex-tensive wildfires out West, like the in-tensified and deadly hurricanes that have been crashing on our shores. We are also going to see the impact in our economy. The report estimates that within our children’s lifetime, cli-mate chaos will cost our Nation up-ward of one-half trillion dollars each year in crop damage, in lost labor, and in extreme weather damage to public infrastructure and that we will lose an-other $1 trillion each year in lost wealth and real estate along our coasts because of rising sea levels and because of more powerful hurricanes—hurri-canes that remind us of Michael, Har-vey, Irma, and Maria over the last 2 years. We will also see an impact on winter tourism because of lower snowpack in the mountains, which means less ski-ing, snowboarding, and snowmobiling. Back home in Oregon, when the snow level drops, we see a dramatic drop in snow tourism. We don’t just think of it as tourism; we also think of it as our joy of being able to participate in these activities in our beautiful Cascade Mountains. Of course, that smaller snowpack means warmer, smaller streams—not too good for fishing—and it certainly means less water for irriga-tion. The report—again, the Trump admin-istration report—estimates that in parts of the Midwest, farmers will be able to produce less than 75 percent of the corn they produce today, with a similar impact on soybean yield, and corn and soybeans make up the vast majority of the 127 million acres of the Midwest’s agricultural production. That area, in fact, is one of the most intense areas of agricultural produc-tion in the world, responsible for $76 billion per year in economic activity. So when it takes a big hit, the econ-omy of the Midwest takes a big hit. That means a lot of farmers losing their farms. Then we have the health impacts that are laid out in this report—again, the Trump administration report. It lays out that there will be an esti-mated 2,000 additional premature deaths per year from extreme tempera-tures and unsafe breathing conditions. Within our child’s lifetime, the report says, Chicago could resemble Phoenix, with up to 2 months of over-100-degree days, and scorching temperatures could make Phoenix practically uninhabit-able for up to 5 months of the year. Human health will also be affected with an expansion of mosquito-borne and tick-borne illnesses and water- borne disease, as well as ailments re-lated to air contamination from wild-fire smoke. This isn’t just some future challenge; it is a challenge we have today. In both of the last two summers, a good portion of my State was covered by smoke from wildfires, and the result was that a lot of people had breathing difficulties and more intensified breathing difficulties, and a good num-ber ended up in the hospital. A lot of asthma was triggered by that smoke. A lot of people cancelled their outdoor activities during the time of year when we most value the opportunity to be on the beach, in the mountains, on the hiking trails, and at the lakes. Certainly, we saw economic con-sequences. Many of our outdoor con-certs and venues, including festivals, had to cancel performances. I talked to the owner of a furniture store who said that even he was impacted because of the taint from the smoke smell. Cer-tainly, our wine producers were con-cerned about what that might do to the taste of Oregon’s fantastic pinot noir— the world’s best, the best on the plan-et—pinot noir wine. So who will bear the brunt of these health emergencies? Is it the powerful and privileged, who are driving the policies to keep burning as much fossil fuels as they possibly can to turn their multimillionaires into multibillion-aires? No. The powerful and privileged, living in their gated communities, with their air-filtered and air-conditioned mansions, will protect themselves. They will move to where the impacts are the least. Who will bear the brunt? The young and the old, whose immune systems are more susceptible to health problems; low-income and middle-in-come Americans, who can’t afford to move to where there are fewer con-sequences, whose jobs are most likely to be impacted by the economic con-sequences of climate chaos. I know President Trump wanted to ignore his own report and put it out on Black Friday because he figured that the day after Thanksgiving is the day when the fewest Americans would pay attention. That is why I am on the floor right now to draw attention to this report, the Trump report, on the devastating consequences of continuing to burn fossil fuels. Everything we saw laid out in this ‘‘National Climate Assessment’’ from the Trump administration was echoed by the international report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that was released last month. That report summarized that within the next 12 years—we are not talking 12 centuries or 12 decades but 12 years— we are going to start feeling intensified effects of climate chaos on top of what we have already experienced. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report was put together by 91 researchers in 41 countries. They sum-marized that we have already passed the 1-degree centigrade warming mark, which is almost 2 degrees Fahrenheit. They said we are well on our way to the 2-degree mark, which means cata-strophic climate chaos. If you were in the middle of the fires in Oregon, if you were in the middle of the fire in Paradise, CA, if you were in the path of Hurricanes Irma, Maria, or Michael, you might already say we have catastrophic climate chaos, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.012 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7138 November 27, 2018 
they are using the term to describe a significant amplification from what we are seeing right now. They are ringing a five-alarm fire bell to say: This is the moment to wake up. Wake up, America. You are a demo-cratic republic. You are supposed to be able to respond to the challenges that come before us. And we have a massive challenge: devastating consequences of carbon pollution. You must stop burn-ing carbon. Find a path to change how we operate in transportation, how we operate in generating electricity. Ad-dress this issue. Hold every hearing, summon every scientist, ring every bell, and get to work. That is what these two reports are saying to us. So, colleagues, if you are sitting here asleep at the switch, you are not doing your job. If you are sitting here advo-cating for the fossil fuel industry, you are worse than not doing your job—you are helping to damage the land across this great Nation for all Americans. So wake up and get to work. This isn’t a Democratic issue or a Re-publican issue, a blue county or red county. In fact, the biggest impacts are felt in our red counties, where the foundation of the economy is farming, fishing, and forestry, and every one of those is being impacted by this effect. So we, as representatives in our demo-cratic Republic, with our ‘‘We the Peo-ple’’ Constitution—it is our job to oper-ate for the people, not for the powerful, not for the privileged. I will be introducing a resolution that recognizes and accepts the find-ings of these reports, acknowledges the expertise from 91 scientists in 41 coun-tries and 300 scientists in 13 Federal agencies, the combined efforts of these two reports that say that we are in trouble and we must act, and we must act in partnership with the world. We need to act here. We need to say to Trudeau of Canada: You want to be a climate leader. You claim you are a climate leader. Why are you tripling the size of the pipeline that serves the tar sands? We need to say to the leadership of Australia: Your outback is on fire dur-ing your winter. Your coral reefs are dying. The Great Barrier Reef has died in the last 10 years. Why are you dou-bling down on coal? We need to say to Japan: Don’t base your energy future on liquefied natural gas, which is simply another fossil fuel strategy. We need to say to Germany: Why do you want this gas pipeline from Russia as a foundation for your energy future? Let’s all be in this together because if any nation acts by itself, we can’t change the course—the big course, the big picture—of the damage carbon pol-lution is doing. We have to work to-gether. That means we now pivot and say: Let’s recognize that renewable en-ergy is now the cheapest energy. It is less expensive to generate a kilowatt hour of electricity from renewable en-ergy, from solar wind, than it is from fossil fuels. Let’s not just realize that carbon is doing all this damage; let’s also recognize that the strongest econ-omy will be built on the cheapest en-ergy, which is renewable energy. So we have every reason to act. Let’s remember that we were founded as a ‘‘we the people’’ vision, and let’s honor that vision. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 709—CON-DEMNING RUSSIA’S PROVOCA-TIVE ACTIONS IN THE KERCH STRAIT AGAINST THE UKRAIN-IAN NAVY Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C
OTTON , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 709 Whereas, on November 24, 2018, Ukraine commemorated the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, in which millions of Ukrainians perished under Soviet policies designed to break Ukrainian resistance to Soviet com-munist rule and forced collectivization; Whereas, on November 25, 2018, Russian Federation military forces fired on three Ukrainian Navy vessels attempting to tran-sit the Kerch Strait between the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov; Whereas the three Ukrainian ships were seized by Russian Federation forces, and Ukrainian government officials stated that at least six of the 24 captured Ukrainian sail-ors were wounded in the incident; Whereas the Russian Federation’s seizure of the Ukrainian vessels is a blatant viola-tion of its commitments under international law and a 2003 Agreement between the Rus-sian Federation and Ukraine on cooperation in the use of the sea of Azov and the strait of Kerch; Whereas, on May 15, 2018, the Government of the Russian Federation completed con-struction of a road and rail bridge over the Kerch Strait, connecting Russia with Crimea in Ukraine, and has systematically harassed Ukrainian and international shipping transiting between the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov; Whereas, in March 2014, Russian Federa-tion forces invaded and occupied Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula, in full contravention of the Russian Federation’s commitments under the United Nations Charter and the Helsinki Final Act condemning the threat or use of force as means of altering inter-national borders; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation has increased considerably its military presence in occupied Crimea since 2014, including increasing military personnel to an estimated 28,000–29,000, adding six new submarines and three frigates to the Black Seas Fleet, and deploying S–400 long-range air defense battalions; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues its efforts to desta-bilize eastern Ukraine, bears responsibility for the ongoing conflict that has cost the lives of over 10,000 Ukrainians, and recently orchestrated illegitimate leadership elec-tions in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions; Whereas section 1234 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1659) authorizes the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide ap-propriate security assistance to the Ukrain-ian Armed Forces; and Whereas, on July 25, 2018, Secretary of State Michael Pompeo issued the Crimea Declaration, cementing United States non-recognition of Russian sovereignty over Cri-mea and calling upon Russia to uphold its commitments under international law re-garding the territorial integrity of other states: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) strongly condemns the provocative ac-tions of the Government of the Russian Fed-eration in the Kerch Strait against the Ukrainian navy; (2) calls upon the Government of Russia to immediately release all Ukrainian crew members and vessels and to cease its harass-ment of Ukrainian and international ship-ping transiting the Kerch Strait; (3) stresses that the behavior of the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation is desta-bilizing for the entire region and invites fur-ther escalations; (4) urges members of the international community to unite in opposition to the ac-tions of the Government of the Russian Fed-eration in the Kerch Strait, as they infringe upon fundamental principles of international law affecting all nations; (5) welcomes and affirms Secretary of State Pompeo’s Crimea Declaration an-nouncing United States policy to never rec-ognize Russia’s attempted annexation of Cri-mea; (6) reaffirms the unwavering support of the people and the Government of the United States for the people of Ukraine and Ukraine’s territorial integrity; and (7) calls upon the President and the entire Administration to implement an all-of-gov-ernment approach to forcefully express oppo-sition to the Russian Federation’s November 25, 2018, attack on Ukrainian forces at every opportunity. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4063. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. I SAK-
SON) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3946, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix De-partment of Veterans Affairs Clinic. SA 4064. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I SAK-
SON) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3946, supra. SA 4065. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. B ALD-
WIN) proposed an amendment to the resolu-tion S. Res. 424, honoring the 25th anniver-sary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program. SA 4066. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1918, to oppose loans at international finan-cial institutions for the Government of Nica-ragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other pur-poses. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4063. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. I
SAKSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3946, to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY-BASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, STATESBORO, GEORGIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs com-munity-based outpatient clinic in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.013 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7139 November 27, 2018 
Statesboro, Georgia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’ or the ‘‘Ray Hendrix VA Clinic’’. Any reference to such clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. 
SA 4064. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. I
SAKSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3946, to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix De-partment of Veterans Affairs Clinic.’’. 
SA 4065. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. B
ALDWIN ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 424, honoring the 25th anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program; as follows: 
In the seventh whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘10,000’’ and insert ‘‘11,000’’. In the eighth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘40’’ and insert ‘‘39’’. In the ninth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘160,000’’ and insert ‘‘165,000’’. In the tenth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘110,000’’ and insert ‘‘116,000’’. 
SA 4066. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1918, to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nicaragua Human Rights and Anticorruption Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Sense of Congress on advancing a ne-gotiated solution to Nicaragua’s crisis. Sec. 3. Statement of policy. Sec. 4. Restrictions on international finan-cial institutions relating to Nicaragua. Sec. 5. Imposition of targeted sanctions with respect to Nicaragua. Sec. 6. Annual certification and waiver. Sec. 7. Report on human rights violations and corruption in Nicaragua. Sec. 8. Civil society engagement strategy. Sec. 9. Reform of Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission. Sec. 10. Termination. Sec. 11. Definitions. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ADVANCING A NEGOTIATED SOLUTION TO NICARAGUA’S CRISIS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) credible negotiations between the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua and representatives of Nicaragua’s civil society, student movement, private sector, and political opposition, me-diated by the Catholic Church in Nicaragua, represent the best opportunity to reach a peaceful solution to the current political cri-sis that includes— (A) a commitment to hold early elections that meet democratic standards and permit credible international electoral observation; (B) the cessation of the violence per-petrated against civilians by the National Police of Nicaragua and by armed groups supported by the Government of Nicaragua; and (C) independent investigations into the killings of protesters; and (2) negotiations between the Government of Nicaragua and representatives of Nicaragua’s civil society, student movement, private sector, and political opposition, me-diated by the Catholic Church in Nicaragua, have not resulted in an agreement as of the date of the enactment of this Act because the Government of Nicaragua has failed to credibly participate in the process. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to sup-port— (1) the rule of law and an independent judi-ciary and electoral council in Nicaragua; (2) democratic governance in Nicaragua; (3) free and fair elections overseen by cred-ible domestic and international observers in Nicaragua; and (4) anti-corruption and transparency ef-forts in Nicaragua. 
SEC. 4. RESTRICTIONS ON INTERNATIONAL FI-NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS RELATING TO NICARAGUA. 
(a) R ESTRICTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall— (1) instruct the United States Executive Director at each international financial in-stitution of the World Bank Group to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States to oppose the extension by the Inter-national Finance Corporation of any loan or financial or technical assistance to the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua for a project in Nica-ragua; (2) instruct the United States Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States to oppose the extension by the Bank of any loan or financial or tech-nical assistance to the Government of Nica-ragua for a project in Nicaragua; and (3) instruct the United States Executive Director of each other international finan-cial institution, including the International Monetary Fund, to work with other key donor countries to develop a coherent policy approach to future engagements with and lending to the Government of Nicaragua, in a manner that will advance human rights, including the full restoration of the rights guaranteed to the people of Nicaragua through the commitments made by the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua as a signatory of the International Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights. (b) E
XCEPTIONS FOR BASIC HUMAN NEEDS  
AND DEMOCRACY PROMOTION .—The restric-tions under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (a) shall not apply with respect to any loan or financial or technical assistance provided to address basic human needs or to promote democracy in Nicaragua. (c) B
RIEFING BY THE SECRETARY OF THE  T
REASURY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on the effectiveness of inter-national financial institutions in enforcing applicable program safeguards in Nicaragua. 
SEC. 5. IMPOSITION OF TARGETED SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO NICARAGUA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any foreign person, including any current or former official of the Govern-ment of Nicaragua or any person acting on behalf of that Government, that the Presi-dent determines— (1) to be responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or oth-erwise directing, or to have knowingly par-ticipated in, directly or indirectly, any ac-tivity described in subsection (b); (2) to be a leader of— (A) an entity that has, or whose members have, engaged in any activity described in subsection (b); or (B) an entity whose property and interests in property are blocked under subsection (c)(1)(A) as a result of activities related to the tenure of the leader; (3) to have knowingly materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or serv-ices in support of— (A) an activity described in subsection (b); or (B) a person whose property and interests in property are blocked under subsection (c)(1)(A); or (4) to be owned or controlled by, or to have knowingly acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any per-son whose property and interests in property are blocked under subsection (c)(1)(A). (b) ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—An activity de-scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-lowing in or in relation to Nicaragua on or after April 18, 2018: (1) Significant acts of violence or conduct that constitutes a serious abuse or violation of human rights against persons associated with the protests in Nicaragua that began on April 18, 2018. (2) Significant actions or policies that un-dermine democratic processes or institu-tions. (3) Acts of significant corruption by or on behalf of the Government of Nicaragua or a current or former official of the Government of Nicaragua, including— (A) the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain or political purposes; (B) corruption related to government con-tracts; (C) bribery; or (D) the facilitation or transfer of the pro-ceeds of corruption. (4) The arrest or prosecution of a person, including an individual or media outlet dis-seminating information to the public, pri-marily because of the legitimate exercise by such person of the freedom of speech, assem-bly, or the press. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES  
AND REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCU -
MENTATION .—In the case of an alien deter-mined by the President to be subject to sub-section (a), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, the alien, and rev-ocation in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), of any visa or other docu-mentation of the alien. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of a measure imposed pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A) or any regulation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.022 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7140 November 27, 2018 
license, or order issued to carry out para-graph (1)(A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (3) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .—The requirement to block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property under paragraph (1)(A) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods. (4) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION ; REGULATORY AUTHOR -
ITY.— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (2) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—The President shall issue such regulations, licenses, and or-ders as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. 
SEC. 6. ANNUAL CERTIFICATION AND WAIVER. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report certifying whether the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps— (1) to strengthen the rule of law and demo-cratic governance, including the independ-ence of the judicial system and electoral council; (2) to combat corruption, including by in-vestigating and prosecuting cases of public corruption; (3) to protect civil and political rights, in-cluding the rights of freedom of the press, speech, and association, for all people of Nicaragua, including political opposition parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, indigenous peoples, and other civil society activists; (4) to investigate and hold accountable of-ficials of the Government of Nicaragua and other persons responsible for the killings of individuals associated with the protests in Nicaragua that began on April 18, 2018; and (5) to hold free and fair elections overseen by credible domestic and international ob-servers (b) W
AIVER .— (1) T
EMPORARY GENERAL WAIVER .—If the Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees under subsection (a) that the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps as described in that sub-section, the President may waive the appli-cation of the restrictions under section 4 and sanctions under section 5 for a period of not more than one year beginning on the date of the certification. (2) N
ATIONAL INTEREST WAIVER .—The Presi-dent may waive the application of the re-strictions under section 4 and sanctions under section 5 if the President— (A) determines that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (B) submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees a notice of and justifica-tion for the waiver. (3) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should exercise the waiver authority provided under para-graph (1) if the Secretary of State certifies under subsection (a) that the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps as de-scribed in that subsection. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing a certifi-cation required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees. (d) A
NNUAL BRIEFING .—The Secretary shall annually brief the appropriate congressional committees on whether the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps as de-scribed in subsection (a). 
SEC. 7. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS AND CORRUPTION IN NICARAGUA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, acting through the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, and in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on— (1) the involvement of senior officials of the Government of Nicaragua, including members of the Supreme Electoral Council, the National Assembly, and the judicial sys-tem, in human rights violations, acts of sig-nificant corruption, and money laundering; and (2) persons that transfer, or facilitate the transfer of, goods or technologies for use in or with respect to Nicaragua, that are used by the Government of Nicaragua to commit serious human rights violations against the people of Nicaragua. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) may be classified. 
SEC. 8. CIVIL SOCIETY ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall brief the appropriate congres-sional committees on a strategy— (1) for engaging relevant elements of civil society in Nicaragua, including independent media, human rights, and anti-corruption or-ganizations, to strengthen rule of law and in-crease accountability for human rights abuses and corruption in Nicaragua; and (2) setting forth measures to support the protection of human rights and anti-corrup-tion advocates in Nicaragua. 
SEC. 9. REFORM OF WESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION. 
Section 603(f)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323; 130 Stat. 1938) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall hold an initial meeting to de-velop and implement’’ and inserting ‘‘At the initial meeting of the Commission, the Com-mission shall develop and implement’’. 
SEC. 10. TERMINATION. 
The provisions of this Act (other than sec-tion 9) shall terminate on December 31, 2023. 
SEC. 11. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) G
OOD.—The term ‘‘good’’ means any ar-ticle, natural or manmade substance, mate-rial, supply or manufactured product, includ-ing inspection and test equipment, and ex-cluding technical data. (3) PERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means any United States citizen, permanent resident alien, en-tity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States (including a foreign branch of such an entity), or any person in the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Rita Baranwal, of Penn-sylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear Energy), Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Inte-rior. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
The Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Subcommittee on Communica-tion, Technology, Innovation, and The Internet of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Trade Commission.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL , INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL IN -
STITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC , 
ENERGY , AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
The Subcommittee on Multilateral, International Development, Multilat-eral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.023 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7141 November 27, 2018 
Policy of the Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Multilateral Economic Institutions and U.S. For-eign Policy.’’ 
f 
ESTABLISHING A PROCEDURE FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY AROUND THE JAMESTOWN RESERVOIR IN THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message to accompany S. 2074. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 2074) entitled ‘‘An Act to establish a proce-dure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment and ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ESTABLISHING A PROCEDURE FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY AROUND THE DICKINSON RESERVOIR IN THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message to accompany S. 440. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 440) entitled ‘‘An Act to establish a proce-dure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment and ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPEALING SECTION 2141 OF THE REVISED STATUTES TO REMOVE THE PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN ALCOHOL MANUFACTURING ON INDIAN LANDS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 650, H.R. 5317. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5317) to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibi-tion on certain alcohol manufacturing on In-dian lands. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5317) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
REPEALING THE ACT ENTITLED ‘‘AN ACT TO CONFER JURISDIC-TION ON THE STATE OF IOWA OVER OFFENSES COMMITTED BY OR AGAINST INDIANS ON THE SAC AND FOX INDIAN RESERVA-TION’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Indian Affairs Committee be discharged and the Senate proceed to immediate con-sideration of H.R. 1074. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1074) to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation.’’ 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 1074) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RAY HENDRIX VETERANS CLINIC Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3946, and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3946) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Isak-son amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be consid-ered read a third time and passed; that the title amendment at the desk be agreed to; and that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4063) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY-BASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, STATESBORO, GEORGIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs com-munity-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’ or the ‘‘Ray Hendrix VA Clinic’’. Any reference to such clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 3946), as amended, was passed. The amendment (No. 4064) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix De-partment of Veterans Affairs Clinic.’’. f 
NATIONAL PRINCIPALS MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 674 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 674) recognizing the month of October 2018 as ‘‘National Prin-cipals Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 674) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of October 11, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.024 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7142 November 27, 2018 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL GUARD YOUTH CHALLENGE PROGRAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 424 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 424) honoring the 25th anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, that the Baldwin amend-ment to the preamble be considered and agreed to, that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 424) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 4065) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) In the seventh whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘10,000’’ and insert ‘‘11,000’’. In the eighth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘40’’ and insert ‘‘39’’. In the ninth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘160,000’’ and insert ‘‘165,000’’. In the tenth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘110,000’’ and insert ‘‘116,000’’. 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The Resolution, with it’s preamble, as amended as follows: 
S. R ES. 424 Whereas the National Guard Youth Chal-lenge Program (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Youth Challenge Program’’) is cele-brating 25 years of providing successful and free alternative education and structured discipline to at-risk youth between the ages of 16 and 18; Whereas the Youth Challenge Program was born from the visionary concept of using a ‘‘whole person’’ intervention model to com-bat the effects of gangs, violence, high rates of school dropout, and drug abuse on a gen-eration of youth; Whereas the Youth Challenge Program is a federally and State-funded program that of-fers a unique opportunity for at-risk youth to change course at a critical time in life; Whereas the multiphased Youth Challenge Program uses quasi-military discipline and training, coupled with educational instruc-tion, learning, and mentorship, to promote the character development and resilience of at-risk youth; Whereas one phase of the Youth Challenge Program is a 5-month residential program that focuses on the following 8 core compo-nents: life-coping skills, leadership and followership, service to community, job skills, academic excellence, responsible citi-zenship, health and hygiene, and physical fit-ness; Whereas another phase of the Youth Chal-lenge Program is a 12-month mentoring phase that builds on the 8 core components to help shape youth into productive citizens ready for societal success; Whereas the Youth Challenge Program of-fers more than 11,000 cadets annually an op-portunity to succeed outside of a traditional high school environment; Whereas there are currently 39 Youth Chal-lenge programs operating in 28 States, Puer-to Rico, and the District of Columbia; Whereas more than 165,000 cadets have graduated from the Youth Challenge Pro-gram; Whereas more than 116,000 academic cre-dentials have been awarded under the Youth Challenge Program; and Whereas graduates of the Youth Challenge Program have improved physically and men-tally and are poised to become assets to the communities of the graduates and to the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes that the National Guard Youth Challenge Program has been success-fully helping at-risk youth for 25 years; (2) commends the accomplishments of all of the graduates of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program; and (3) reaffirms the commitment of the Sen-ate to support— (A) the National Guard Youth Challenge Program; and (B) the critical mission of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program to help and develop the character of at-risk youth in the United States. f 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WORLD WAR II COMMEMORATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 3661, introduced earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3661) to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3661) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3661 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘75th Anni-versary of World War II Commemoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) C OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary of Defense shall con-duct a program to commemorate the 75th an-niversary of World War II. In conducting the commemorative program, the Secretary shall support and facilitate other programs and activities of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and not-for- profit organizations in commemoration of the 75th anniversary of World War II. The Secretary shall conduct the commemorative program in accordance with applicable De-partment of Defense policy and using re-sources available to the Secretary, including amounts in the Fund under subsection (d). (b) COMMEMORATIVE ACTIVITIES AND OBJEC-
TIVES .—The commemorative program may include activities and ceremonies to achieve the following objectives: (1) To thank and honor veterans of World War II, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war or listed as missing in ac-tion, for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. (2) To educate the public about the history of World War II and highlight the service of the Armed Forces during World War II and the contributions of Federal agencies and governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. (3) To pay tribute to the contributions made on the home front by the people of the United States during World War II. (4) To recognize the contributions and sac-rifices made by the allies of the United States during World War II. (5) To remember the Holocaust, the annihi-lation of 6,000,000 Jews by the Nazi regime, and to pay tribute to the Allied troops who liberated Nazi concentration camps during World War II. (c) N
AMES AND SYMBOLS .—The Secretary of Defense shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the name ‘‘The United States of America 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration’’, and such seal, emblems, and badges incorporating such name as the Secretary may lawfully adopt. Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede rights that are established or vested before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
OMMEMORATIVE FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION .— Upon the Secretary establishing the com-memorative program under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). The Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense. (2) U
SE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the assets of the Fund only for the purpose of conducting the commemorative program and providing grants to State and local governments and not-for-profit organi-zations for commemorative activities, and shall prescribe such regulations regarding the use of the Fund as the Secretary con-siders to be necessary. (3) D
EPOSITS .—The following shall be de-posited into the Fund: (A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (B) Proceeds derived from the Secretary’s use of the exclusive rights described in sub-section (c). (C) Donations made in support of the com-memorative program by private and cor-porate donors. (D) Funds transferred to the Fund by the Secretary from funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years for the De-partment of Defense. (4) A
VAILABILITY .—Subject to subsection (g)(2), amounts deposited under paragraph (3) shall constitute the assets of the Fund and remain available until expended. (5) B
UDGET REQUEST .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish a separate budget line for the commemorative program. In the budget justification materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for any fiscal year for which the Secretary establishes the separate budget line, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.055 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7143 November 27, 2018 
(A) identify and explain any amounts ex-pended for the commemorative program in the fiscal year preceding the budget request; (B) identify and explain the amounts being requested to support the commemorative program for the fiscal year of the budget re-quest; and (C) present a summary of the fiscal status of the Fund. (e) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT SERVICES .—Not- withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may accept from any person voluntary services to be provided in furtherance of the commemo-rative program. The Secretary of Defense shall prohibit the solicitation of any vol-untary services if the nature or cir-cumstances of such solicitation would com-promise the integrity or the appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of Defense or of any individual involved in the program. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF INCIDENTAL EX -
PENSES .—The Secretary may provide for re-imbursement of incidental expenses incurred by a person providing voluntary services under this subsection. The Secretary shall determine which expenses are eligible for re-imbursement under this paragraph. (f) C
ONSULTATION WITHDIRECTOR OF THE  U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MU-
SEUM .—In designing the commemorative pro-gram conducted under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consult with the Di-rector of the United States Holocaust Memo-rial Museum. (g) F
INAL REPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the commemorative program established by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing an accounting of— (A) all of the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Fund; (B) any other funds expended under this section; and (C) any unobligated funds remaining in the Fund. (2) T
REATMENT OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— Unobligated amounts remaining in the Fund as of the end of the commemorative period shall be held in the Fund until transferred by law. (h) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .—Total expenditures from the Fund, using amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense, may not exceed $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 or for any subsequent fiscal year to carry out the commemorative program. (i) S
UNSET .— (1) C
OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM .—The com-memorative program shall terminate on De-cember 31, 2021. (2) F
UND.—The Fund shall terminate 60 days after the termination of the commemo-rative program. f 
NICARAGUAN INVESTMENT CONDI-TIONALITY ACT (NICA) OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 1918 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1918) to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua unless the Govern-ment of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Menendez substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4066) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nicaragua Human Rights and Anticorruption Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Sense of Congress on advancing a ne-gotiated solution to Nicaragua’s crisis. Sec. 3. Statement of policy. Sec. 4. Restrictions on international finan-cial institutions relating to Nicaragua. Sec. 5. Imposition of targeted sanctions with respect to Nicaragua. Sec. 6. Annual certification and waiver. Sec. 7. Report on human rights violations and corruption in Nicaragua. Sec. 8. Civil society engagement strategy. Sec. 9. Reform of Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission. Sec. 10. Termination. Sec. 11. Definitions. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ADVANCING A NEGOTIATED SOLUTION TO NICARAGUA’S CRISIS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) credible negotiations between the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua and representatives of Nicaragua’s civil society, student movement, private sector, and political opposition, me-diated by the Catholic Church in Nicaragua, represent the best opportunity to reach a peaceful solution to the current political cri-sis that includes— (A) a commitment to hold early elections that meet democratic standards and permit credible international electoral observation; (B) the cessation of the violence per-petrated against civilians by the National Police of Nicaragua and by armed groups supported by the Government of Nicaragua; and (C) independent investigations into the killings of protesters; and (2) negotiations between the Government of Nicaragua and representatives of Nicaragua’s civil society, student movement, private sector, and political opposition, me-diated by the Catholic Church in Nicaragua, have not resulted in an agreement as of the date of the enactment of this Act because the Government of Nicaragua has failed to credibly participate in the process. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to sup-port— (1) the rule of law and an independent judi-ciary and electoral council in Nicaragua; (2) democratic governance in Nicaragua; (3) free and fair elections overseen by cred-ible domestic and international observers in Nicaragua; and (4) anti-corruption and transparency ef-forts in Nicaragua. 
SEC. 4. RESTRICTIONS ON INTERNATIONAL FI-NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS RELATING TO NICARAGUA. 
(a) R ESTRICTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall— (1) instruct the United States Executive Director at each international financial in-stitution of the World Bank Group to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States to oppose the extension by the Inter-national Finance Corporation of any loan or financial or technical assistance to the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua for a project in Nica-ragua; (2) instruct the United States Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States to oppose the extension by the Bank of any loan or financial or tech-nical assistance to the Government of Nica-ragua for a project in Nicaragua; and (3) instruct the United States Executive Director of each other international finan-cial institution, including the International Monetary Fund, to work with other key donor countries to develop a coherent policy approach to future engagements with and lending to the Government of Nicaragua, in a manner that will advance human rights, including the full restoration of the rights guaranteed to the people of Nicaragua through the commitments made by the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua as a signatory of the International Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights. (b) EXCEPTIONS FOR BASIC HUMAN NEEDS  
AND DEMOCRACY PROMOTION .—The restric-tions under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (a) shall not apply with respect to any loan or financial or technical assistance provided to address basic human needs or to promote democracy in Nicaragua. (c) B
RIEFING BY THE SECRETARY OF THE  T
REASURY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on the effectiveness of inter-national financial institutions in enforcing applicable program safeguards in Nicaragua. 
SEC. 5. IMPOSITION OF TARGETED SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO NICARAGUA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any foreign person, including any current or former official of the Govern-ment of Nicaragua or any person acting on behalf of that Government, that the Presi-dent determines— (1) to be responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or oth-erwise directing, or to have knowingly par-ticipated in, directly or indirectly, any ac-tivity described in subsection (b); (2) to be a leader of— (A) an entity that has, or whose members have, engaged in any activity described in subsection (b); or (B) an entity whose property and interests in property are blocked under subsection (c)(1)(A) as a result of activities related to the tenure of the leader; (3) to have knowingly materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or serv-ices in support of— (A) an activity described in subsection (b); or (B) a person whose property and interests in property are blocked under subsection (c)(1)(A); or (4) to be owned or controlled by, or to have knowingly acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any per-son whose property and interests in property are blocked under subsection (c)(1)(A). (b) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—An activity de-scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-lowing in or in relation to Nicaragua on or after April 18, 2018: (1) Significant acts of violence or conduct that constitutes a serious abuse or violation of human rights against persons associated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.039 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7144 November 27, 2018 
with the protests in Nicaragua that began on April 18, 2018. (2) Significant actions or policies that un-dermine democratic processes or institu-tions. (3) Acts of significant corruption by or on behalf of the Government of Nicaragua or a current or former official of the Government of Nicaragua, including— (A) the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain or political purposes; (B) corruption related to government con-tracts; (C) bribery; or (D) the facilitation or transfer of the pro-ceeds of corruption. (4) The arrest or prosecution of a person, including an individual or media outlet dis-seminating information to the public, pri-marily because of the legitimate exercise by such person of the freedom of speech, assem-bly, or the press. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES  
AND REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCU -
MENTATION .—In the case of an alien deter-mined by the President to be subject to sub-section (a), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, the alien, and rev-ocation in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), of any visa or other docu-mentation of the alien. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of a measure imposed pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out para-graph (1)(A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (3) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .—The requirement to block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property under paragraph (1)(A) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods. (4) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION ; REGULATORY AUTHOR -
ITY.— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (2) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—The President shall issue such regulations, licenses, and or-ders as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. SEC. 6. ANNUAL CERTIFICATION AND WAIVER. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report certifying whether the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps— (1) to strengthen the rule of law and demo-cratic governance, including the independ-ence of the judicial system and electoral council; (2) to combat corruption, including by in-vestigating and prosecuting cases of public corruption; (3) to protect civil and political rights, in-cluding the rights of freedom of the press, speech, and association, for all people of Nicaragua, including political opposition parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, indigenous peoples, and other civil society activists; (4) to investigate and hold accountable of-ficials of the Government of Nicaragua and other persons responsible for the killings of individuals associated with the protests in Nicaragua that began on April 18, 2018; and (5) to hold free and fair elections overseen by credible domestic and international ob-servers (b) W
AIVER .— (1) T
EMPORARY GENERAL WAIVER .—If the Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees under subsection (a) that the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps as described in that sub-section, the President may waive the appli-cation of the restrictions under section 4 and sanctions under section 5 for a period of not more than one year beginning on the date of the certification. (2) N
ATIONAL INTEREST WAIVER .—The Presi-dent may waive the application of the re-strictions under section 4 and sanctions under section 5 if the President— (A) determines that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (B) submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees a notice of and justifica-tion for the waiver. (3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should exercise the waiver authority provided under para-graph (1) if the Secretary of State certifies under subsection (a) that the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps as de-scribed in that subsection. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing a certifi-cation required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees. (d) A
NNUAL BRIEFING .—The Secretary shall annually brief the appropriate congressional committees on whether the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps as de-scribed in subsection (a). 
SEC. 7. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS AND CORRUPTION IN NICARAGUA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, acting through the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, and in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on— (1) the involvement of senior officials of the Government of Nicaragua, including members of the Supreme Electoral Council, the National Assembly, and the judicial sys-tem, in human rights violations, acts of sig-nificant corruption, and money laundering; and (2) persons that transfer, or facilitate the transfer of, goods or technologies for use in or with respect to Nicaragua, that are used by the Government of Nicaragua to commit serious human rights violations against the people of Nicaragua. (b) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) may be classified. 
SEC. 8. CIVIL SOCIETY ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall brief the appropriate congres-sional committees on a strategy— (1) for engaging relevant elements of civil society in Nicaragua, including independent media, human rights, and anti-corruption or-ganizations, to strengthen rule of law and in-crease accountability for human rights abuses and corruption in Nicaragua; and (2) setting forth measures to support the protection of human rights and anti-corrup-tion advocates in Nicaragua. 
SEC. 9. REFORM OF WESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION. 
Section 603(f)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323; 130 Stat. 1938) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall hold an initial meeting to de-velop and implement’’ and inserting ‘‘At the initial meeting of the Commission, the Com-mission shall develop and implement’’. 
SEC. 10. TERMINATION. 
The provisions of this Act (other than sec-tion 9) shall terminate on December 31, 2023. 
SEC. 11. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) G
OOD.—The term ‘‘good’’ means any ar-ticle, natural or manmade substance, mate-rial, supply or manufactured product, includ-ing inspection and test equipment, and ex-cluding technical data. (3) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means any United States citizen, permanent resident alien, en-tity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States (including a foreign branch of such an entity), or any person in the United States. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 1918), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the postcloture 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO6.038 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7145 November 27, 2018 
time on the Kelley nomination expire at 12:15 p.m. on Wednesday, November 28; further, that if the nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, No-vember 28; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Kelley nomination, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees; finally, that the Senate recess from 11 a.m. until noon tomorrow. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed under the previous order fol-lowing the remarks of Senator B
OOKER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Jersey. 
f 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the nomination of Thomas Farr to serve as a district judge for the Eastern District of the great State of North Carolina. Over the past year, I have joined many of my colleagues in the Senate, my esteemed colleagues in the House, and really people from all across the country who have been speaking out about Mr. Farr’s troubling record. We see many district court judges come before the U.S. Senate, but I think none has triggered this kind of tumult, this kind of frustration, and this kind of outcry. We have seen an outpouring of advo-cacy and activism that is now coming around this nomination, but this nomi-nation—and the energy and advocacy of Americans speaking out against it— is, frankly, not about politics. It is not about partisanship. It is about some-thing deeper than just left or right. This is about right or wrong. We are a nation of people who I be-lieve have so much more in common than we have apart. The lines that di-vide us are nowhere near as strong as the ties that bind us. What binds us? We are bound together not because of many of the more obvious historically held things that hold people together. It is not our language or our religion or our race that holds this Nation and her people together. We are bound to one another because of the ideals we share. We say them in our anthem. We say them in our salute and in our pledge. We know we are a nation of principles and ideals. Some of the most fundamental of those principles, the most sacrosanct of those ideals we share are about and surrounding that right to vote; that every American has the right to vote. When you enter that ballot box, wheth-er you are the richest person in this country or a working-class person from New Jersey, you are equal in that bal-lot box. You all have that right to vote. That is what makes this a great republic. That is what makes us a great democracy; that your vote will be equally counted and treated equally under the law. Throughout our history, greater Americans have fought to secure these fundamental rights for us. From Sen-eca Falls to the Edmund Pettus Bridge, Americans have stood and fought and marched and sweated and bled for this right to vote, for suffrage, for universal voting rights. There have been debates on this floor advancing legislation that has secured those rights amongst men and women, further advancing that truth about our country that we will be a democracy where every vote will be counted, where every person will be treated equally in their right to vote. Americans from all backgrounds— multiracial, multiethnic coalitions— struggled together for these rights and fought together to make them real, but this nomination now stands in direct contrast to that legacy of common sac-rifice and common struggle, of that legacy to push for equality. The facts in this nomination are clear, and they again have nothing to do with partisanship but do indicate a very clear pattern of time and again that Mr. Farr has worked to advance a very specific, very anti-democratic agenda, one that is aimed at turning back the clock, in eroding very critical voting rights. We know for a fact that in 1984, Mr. Farr managed the so-called ballot secu-rity program for the reelection cam-paign of Senator Jesse Helms that tar-geted and attempted to suppress the votes of Black North Carolinians. We know that in 1990, Mr. Farr par-ticipated in a so-called ballot security meeting just days before the Helms campaign infamously and notoriously sent tens of thousands of postcards tar-geting Black North Carolinian votes, suggesting that they were not only not eligible to vote but threatened crimi-nal prosecution if they did. This is not left or right. Republicans and Demo-crats criticized, decried that method of voter suppression. Mr. Farr has repeatedly claimed that he had no knowledge of the mailing until he was contacted after the fact for legal advice, but I am deeply trou-bled that despite being given multiple opportunities, Mr. Farr has failed to be completely honest with the Senate about his record. When Senator FEINSTEIN from Cali-fornia asked Mr. Farr: ‘‘Did you ever participate in any meetings in which the postcards were discussed before they were sent,’’ he replied unequivo-cally and simply: ‘‘No.’’ But according to a breaking story published by the Washington Post within the last hour, we know that ‘‘during the meeting, participants also reviewed the Helms campaign’s 1984 ballot security effort Farr had coordinated ‘with an eye to-ward the activities that should be un-dertaken in 1990.’’’ The evidence that just came out from the Washington Post again casts a shadow over the truthfulness and the honesty of Mr. Farr about his partici-pation in that meeting and the voter suppression efforts. Again, Mr. Farr misrepresented the context of this meeting in his re-sponses to me both in December of 2017 and January of this year. Finally, we also know that in 2016, Mr. Farr lost one of his biggest cases, defending North Carolina’s notorious and discriminatory voter ID law—a law that he helped write because the court found it would target Black North Carolinians ‘‘with almost surgical pre-cision’’—target those North Caro-linians to be disenfranchised from their right to vote. Time and again, Mr. Farr has worked to advance an agenda aimed at turning back the clock on our democratic ad-vancements, on our common ideals, the commonsense fairness that in this country every vote counts, every per-son has the right to vote. Time and again, in this process, Mr. Farr has of-fered misleading and incomplete testi-mony regarding his record and his work. This is a body that has shown, in its history, the capability to work to-gether in a bipartisan way to protect the right to vote. This body is the one that passed one of the most important pieces of legislation in our history, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but the weight of history isn’t just on this body in this moment because it still weighs heavily on so many voters in North Carolina who remember receiv-ing one of those postcards from Jesse Helms in 1984, at the direction of Mr. Farr and others, and who may have re-ceived another postcard from the Helms campaign in 1990, threatening Federal prosecution if they exercised their right to vote. It is those people in the Eastern Dis-trict right now who feel the weight, the pushback on historical advancements, who are watching this body now. Those voters who got those postcards didn’t get them because the Helms campaign or Mr. Farr saw value in their vote; they received them because the Helms campaign and Mr. Farr were trying to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.058 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7146 November 27, 2018 
suppress it. That is anti-democratic. That is an affront to our history. Confirming the person responsible for managing and defending those tactics, who was involved in them, who has misrepresented that fact pattern to this body, wouldn’t just be a disservice to North Carolinians, wouldn’t just be a disservice to those Americans who re-ceived those postcards, it would be a betrayal of the work of generations of Americans from all backgrounds, all races, all religions, a multitude of par-ties—all of those Americans who joined in that common pursuit in this country to stand up for the right to vote. This is not right or left. This is about whether we move forward or back, and forward we have moved: countless gen-erations, people from different back-grounds standing together, working to-gether, sweating together, bleeding to-gether, marching together, marching feet in the suffrage movement, march-ing feet in the voting rights movement, marching feet across this country, from protestors like Alice Paul march-ing in front of the White House to protestors marching through the South, through Alabama, across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, every genera-tion marching forward. This nomination now represents a moment in history, not right or left, but will we continue to march forward? If this body confirms Mr. Farr, it will not be forward-marching. It will be a step backward in the wrong direction, against the historical tide and currents that have gotten us to this wonderful moment together. Let us again stand together in a bi-partisan way and say: We will not be turned around; that we will not go backward; that we believe, when it comes to the sacrosanct rights of the Nation, that we will always fight to make sure the right to vote is secure, and we have the truth of this country and will go marching on. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:51 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate November 27, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
STEPHEN ALEXANDER VADEN, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G27NO6.059 S27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1553 November 27, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO SHARON SHULTZE 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of a truly dedi-cated public servant, Sharon Shultze. Sharon was a tireless advocate for social justice and civility, a loyal senior Congressional aide, and generous mentor. Sharon dedicated her life to serving the poor, the downtrodden, and the most vulnerable. She will be remembered by all those who knew her for her selflessness and love. Sharon was born and raised in Lin-coln, Nebraska and moved to San Diego after getting married. She was instrumental in cre-ating a ground breaking program at the Uni-versity of San Diego’s Law School, the Mira Mesa Mediation Center, which helped people from diverse backgrounds resolve conflict peacefully and civilly. The center later devel-oped into the National Conflict Resolution Center. Sharon worked for Bob Filner through-out his entire political career, from the San Diego School Board to San Diego City Council to the United States Congress. Sharon pas-sionately served the people of San Diego for over three decades, taking on various respon-sibilities throughout Filner’s different elected offices. One of her favorite projects while working for Congressman Filner was helping him chose the district winner of the Congres-sional Art Competition wherein high school students from every congressional district in the country compete for an opportunity to dis-play their artwork in the halls of Congress. Her favorite role, and the one she found most rewarding, was that of advocate. Sharon took the most joy out of writing legislation that promoted veterans and San Diego residents. Her contributions to the veteran community in-clude helping to draft and pass the Post-9/11 Veterans Education Assistance Act of 2008 which provides full, four-year tuition to military veterans attending public universities across the country who enlisted after September 11, 2001. Perhaps the achievement Sharon was most proud of in the veteran community was her contribution toward the passage of legisla-tion in support of Filipino veterans and Mer-chant Marines who served the United States during World War II receiving full veteran ben-efits, which they had been previously denied. Sharon was an amazing, accomplished woman. Her strong worth ethic and profes-sionalism made her a role model and devoted mentor to the young people who looked to her for guidance both in San Diego and in Wash-ington, DC. My office and I were on the re-ceiving end of some of her mentorship. Soon after I was elected to Congress, Sharon was the first to offer guidance and support. Her best quality, noted by many of her friends and family, was that Sharon was a gifted listener. She was there for whoever needed her help, without regard for her time and energy. Shar-on bestowed unconditional positive support, kindness, compassion, and empathy to those around her, assuring them that they were loved and valued. She shared her ideas and common sense with others, always making sure to keep people’s best interest in mind. She never gave up on making a difference in the world. Our thoughts go out to her partner of nearly 30 years, Doug Duffield; her three children, Blair, David, and Carol; and Natalie and Zachary, her two grandchildren, who made her heart smile. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MS. KIMBERLY ‘‘KIM’’ A. PORTER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a beloved en-trepreneur and dear friend of longstanding, Kim Porter. Sadly, Kim departed to her eternal reward on Thursday, November 15, 2018 . On Saturday, November 24, 2018, friends and family gathered to celebrate the wonderful life of this exceptional woman at a homegoing service held at Cascade Hills Church in Co-lumbus, Georgia. Kimberly Antwinette Porter was born on De-cember 15, 1970, in Columbus, Georgia to the union of Jake and Sarah Goodwin Porter. From the time she was eight years old, she was reared by her mother, as a single parent, and her grandmother, Ms. Lila Star, the owner of the renowned Royal Cafe in Columbus. As a young teenager, Kim attended the Mabie Bailey School of Modeling in Columbus, Geor-gia, and in 1988, graduated from Columbus High School where she was a musician in the marching band and Homecoming Queen. At the age of 17, Kim won the Fresh Faces Model of the South Pageant in Hilton Head, South Carolina. Following her high school graduation, she moved to New York to embark on her journey to become a model, where she met Marsha Irving who became one of her closest friends. Her stunning looks and poised presence made her a contender for several of New York’s top modeling agencies. Kim ulti-mately signed with the Wilhelmina Agency and garnered worldwide recognition, gracing the runways and covers for numerous global brands and premiere fashion magazines. She also worked alongside such legendary models as Kimora Lee Simmons, Veronica Webb, and Naomi Campbell. In addition to her stellar career on the run-way, Kim made a name for herself in the en-tertainment industry. She was the visionary behind Uptown Records, providing creative optics and a visual narrative that propelled the label and connected the culture of the South with New York City and the East Coast. As an actress, Kim appeared in numerous television series and films including Law & Order, The Brothers, The Cosby Show, and Mama, I Want to Sing. With her cherished ‘‘best friends’’, Eboni Elektra and Nicole Johnson, she co-founded Three Brown Girls, an Atlanta based marketing firm that promoted celebrity events and emerging artists. William Shakespeare wrote, ‘‘All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their en-trances; and one man in his time plays many parts. . . .’’ Kim elegantly played many parts and graciously used her influence to inspire others, leaving a lasting impact. Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ Kim was one such great soul, who served humanity in a very special way. Each day she graced the people around her with an enthusiastic sincerity of presence. Her legacy on this earth extends beyond herself to those whom she inspired and supported, and for it, she will always be remembered. Kimberly is survived by her beautiful chil-dren, Quincy, Christian, Jessie, and D’Lila; her father, Jake Porter; her grandmother, Ms. Lila Star; aunts, uncles, and a host of other family and friends including R&B singer, Albert Brown (Al B. Sure!) and music mogul, Sean John Combs (P-Diddy), all of whom will miss her deeply. On a personal note, I have known and been associated with Kim and her extended family for more than 40 years. When she became Homecoming Queen at Columbus High School, her mother asked me to escort her during the half time activities when her father was unable to attend. Kim was a special young woman who had a sweet and gentle spirit and an infectious personality that en-deared her to many. She gave others strength by always seeing and focusing on the positive side of life. I can say without reservation that Kim was one of the most sincere and warm- hearted people I have known. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join my wife, Viv-ian, and me, along with the constituents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District and people all across America and the world, in paying tribute to Ms. Kimberly Antwinette Por-ter for the inspiring life that she led. Moreover, we extend our deepest sympathies to her fam-ily, friends, and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that we will all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING JODY FLEDDERMAN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Jody Fledderman for his contribution to our state and community. Jody is a loyal friend and has been a wise adviser during my entire tenure in Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.001 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1554 November 27, 2018 
As a member of the 6th District Manufacturing Advisory Committee, Jody regularly met with my team to discuss emerging manufacturing issues that are impacting Indiana. He is also a community leader and employer at Bates-ville Tool and Die in Ripley County. Our state is better off today because of Jody’s extraor-dinary leadership and service. I also want to thank Jody for his support of my work in Congress. He is a good man and one of my favorite people from the 6th District. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EVELYNN BELLE TURBEVILLE WARE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Mrs. Evelynn Belle Turbeville Ware. As a con-stituent of Hillsboro, Virginia, Belle devoted her life to her family and public service. She was dedicated to her beloved husband, John, and together they raised four children. Belle is survived by daughter: Vicki Ware Albert and her husband Charles; daughter Paige Ware Petro and her husband Mark; son John Ware; son Mark Ware and his wife Amie; 10 grand-children: Jeremy Barry, Lindsay Albert, Ken-dall Albert, Morgan Petro, Chris Petro, Jordan Ware, Jackson Ware, Evan Ware, Matthew Ware, and Nathan Ware; and 2 great grand-children: Owen Barry and Kyle Barry. Belle was a long-time resident of Hillsboro, Virginia having moved there with her parents and sister during the end of World War II. After they married, Belle and John moved to a tiny house in town where they lived while re-storing a Victorian farmhouse they purchased in Hillsboro. Belle was one of the founding members of what is now the Short Hill Histor-ical Society and helped save the Old Stone School from demolition. She served as an ac-tive member of this non-profit for 42 years and was most fond of the Christmas in Hillsboro Historic Homes Tour. Belle had a drive and a passion to support the people and causes she held dear. Following in the footsteps of her mother who was the first female mayor in the Common-wealth of Virginia, she devoted her entire life to a career as a public servant who profoundly impacted our community. Belle served on the Hillsboro Town Council and for many years, she was the Town Treasurer, ultimately be-coming Hillsboro’s Vice Mayor. Belle was also a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution, and each year recognized an ele-mentary school student at Hillsboro with the DAR award. Belle’s heart was sincere in her service to the community, and her legacy serves as inspiration for others in public serv-ice. Belle was enthusiastic about serving the Lord as member of the congregation of the Hillsboro United Methodist Church and the United Methodist Women’s Group. Belle sang in the choir and was instrumental in many vol-unteer efforts through the church which in-cluded making apple butter, raising money through a yard sale, helping prepare and serve the annual freewill offering holiday din-ner, packaging and donating meals for local families in need, hosting the annual church picnic, and helping with a local food bank. Belle also built her life working at a medical practice for thirty years before retiring. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me as we recognize the extraordinary life and legacy of Mrs. Evelynn Belle Turbeville Ware. The im-pact she has had on the Commonwealth of Virginia and to our country will never be for-gotten, and I offer our deepest condolences to the Ware family. f 
CONGRATULATING THE EDINA BOYS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Edina Boys Cross Country running team for winning the High School state championship. After a long season, these runners ran through the finish line to bring Edina its first ever state title. With runners in all third through seventh place finishes, Edina destroyed the competi-tion. The team ended with only 88 points, 11 points less than the runner up. Mr. Speaker, we all know that being a cross country runner takes strength, perseverance, endurance, commitment to training, and raw athletic talent. Congrats. 
f 
HONORING FORMER STATE SENATOR BEVERLY GARD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize former State Senator Beverly Gard for her contribution to our state. For 24 years, Bev represented Hancock and Shelby counties with honor and integrity in the Indiana General Assembly. She established herself as a tenacious and effective leader in the Senate and always put the interests of her district first. It was an honor to serve with Bev during my time in the Indiana General Assem-bly. On a personal note, Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with Bev. She has been a loyal friend and a wise adviser to me during my en-tire tenure in Congress. Both Jennifer and Bev are proud alums of the University of Ten-nessee and Bev was also among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I want to thank Bev for her friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her and her fam-ily. SALUTING THE 2018 U.S. BORDER PATROL NATIONAL PISTOL TEAM HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I sa-lute the 2018 United States Border Patrol Na-tional Pistol Team which swept six of eight team events at the 56th Annual National Po-lice Shooting Championships in Albuquerque, NM. The following team members exemplify professionalism, marksmanship, and the esprit de corps found within the ranks of the United States Border Patrol: National Program Manager–Assistant Chief Kenneth Malone Program Support–Assistant Chief Kevin Orr Team Captain–Watch Commander Arturo Velez Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Shawn Becker Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Brian Reilly Border Patrol Agent Robert Vadasz (Na-tional Champion) Border Patrol Agent Adam Kovatch Border Patrol Agent Alaric Mason Border Patrol Agent Ben Morrow Border Patrol Agent Charles Rogers Border Patrol Agent Andrew Signell Border Patrol Agent Tony Simmons Border Patrol Agent Brett Sullivan Border Patrol Agent Jeremy David Border Patrol Agent Joel De Leon III Border Patrol Agent Dean Geiger Border Patrol Agent Lilia Ferrer Border Patrol Agent Andrew Moore Border Patrol Agent Tracy Wong Their success is nothing new as the USBP National Pistol Team has won more NPSC competitions than any other law enforcement agency and holds numerous team and indi-vidual national records set by past and present U.S. Border Patrol Agents. All USBP National Pistol Team members are law en-forcement agents first and represent the USBP in competitions as a collateral assign-ment by earning their way onto the team. The National Pistol Championships take place annually and include teams from the U.S. Armed Forces and Civilian Marksmanship Program clubs from across the nation. The Olympics of law enforcement-centric competi-tions, the Championships provide officers a program that promotes skill and competence with firearms at state, regional, and national levels. I proudly commend the U.S. Border Patrol National Pistol Team for not only their work to keep our nation safe, but for their dedication and efforts on their own time which superbly represent the U.S. Border Patrol in prestigious firearms competitions. The Team showcases the very best in both law enforcement and the demanding world of precision marksmanship. I thank them for their service and I know they’ll continue excelling in future firearms competi-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.003 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1555 November 27, 2018 
HONORING MR. DENNIS KACOYANIS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tremendous work of my con-stituent Mr. Dennis Kacoyanis of Chantilly, Vir-ginia. Mr. Kacoyanis plans to retire on January 3, 2019, after more than 40 years of federal service. His dedication and professionalism throughout his career have provided excep-tional benefit to the people of the United States. Mr. Kacoyanis spent the early portion of his federal career as an attorney at the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission enforcing employment laws prohibiting discrimination in the workplace. Since 1987, Mr. Kacoyanis has served as an attorney for the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. Mr. Kacoyanis performed a number of duties to keep con-sumers safe, including ensuring that haz-ardous products were promptly recalled from the market and that companies immediately reported hazardous products to the Commis-sion. He zealously advocated for the Commis-sion’s interests in federal court cases. He also worked hard to ensure the Commission met its responsibility to release information to the public—increasing transparency, accountability and trust in government. In addition to his 32 years of work at the Commission, Mr. Kacoyanis previously served the American people at the U.S. Department of Justice in the Civil Rights Division, and at the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern Dis-trict of Virginia, Alexandria Division. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Mr. Kacoyanis for the out-standing service he provided to the United States throughout his long-lasting career. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR DAMON WELCH 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Mayor Damon Welch for his contribution to our state and the City of Madison. Over the years, Damon has been a loyal friend and wise adviser to me. He has also served the City of Madison, as mayor, with honor and integrity. Damon has made improv-ing the quality of life in the community his main priority for years. Several economic de-velopment initiatives, including being des-ignated as a Stellar Community in 2017, have been the result of Damon’s hard work and commitment to the historic City of Madison. Our state is better off today because of his ex-traordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Damon is a brother in Christ. I have truly appreciated his prayers and encouragement over the years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. RECOGNIZING KEVIN HOUGEN HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Aurora Chamber of Commerce, Kevin Hougen. Recently the Denver Business Journal recognized Kevin with its 2018 Most Admired Chief Executive Officer honor. This prestigious award is given only to those with a proven record of innovation, who act as a standard-bearer for their organization, as a community role model, and exert exceptional leadership within their organization and the community. I am proud to see Kevin Hougen receive this award for his more than two dec-ades of dedicated service to my hometown of Aurora, Colorado. Kevin Hougen’s leadership with the Aurora Chamber of Commerce began 22 years ago when he was first hired as its Vice President of Sales. Since 1999, Kevin Hougen has served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Kevin’s leadership and business acu-men has played a key role in the tremendous growth and economic success the city of Au-rora has experienced since then as it has grown to become the third largest city in the State of Colorado. Kevin Hougen has led the Aurora Chamber of Commerce through difficult challenges such as the ‘‘Great Recession’’ and to new and ex-citing triumphs such as the agreement with Denver and Adams County on the develop-ment of the ‘‘Aerotropolis.’’ Critically, his lead-ership has proved crucial to enhancing com-munity support efforts for Buckley Air Force Base. I do not believe any base located in a major metropolitan area receives more con-sistent or stronger community support than does Buckley Air Force Base. Kevin Hougen has also led the Chamber’s efforts to make Aurora a better place to live and to do business. He has done so by facili-tating support for the expansion and creation of new roadways and the light rail line that now serve the City of Aurora. He has also ral-lied the business community to become more involved with the local schools, which are so important to the long-term economic strength of the City of Aurora. Mr. Speaker, my hometown city of Aurora would not be the driving force of innovation, development, and economic opportunity it is today without Kevin Hougen. I look forward to seeing his successes and those of the Aurora Chamber of Commerce continue well into the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MINNETONKA GIRLS SOCCER TEAM 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Minnetonka Girls Soccer Team on winning the Minnesota state high school championship. After narrowly the state cham-pionship game last year, the Skippers re-deemed themselves with a 1–0 victory over Wayzata to finish the season and take home the state title. Minnetonka scored a goal in the first minute of play and held the lead for the remainder of the game. Soccer requires teamwork, cohesiveness, agility and physical rigor. While the Skippers’ girls mastered these skills to capture their third state title, it’s also important to point out that these student athletes excel in other areas off the field. Keeping up with their studies and being involved in other community activities is also a hallmark of their success. Congratulations to the players, coaches, parents and fans on being high school champs. f 
HONORING MR. ABDE-ALI EMADI OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR ACHIEV-ING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate my constituent, Abde- Ali Emadi, for his accomplishment in earning the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in Scouting, which only a small number of Boy Scouts earn. The rank is performance-based, and must meet high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the rank of Eagle Scout, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass spe-cific tests that are organized by myriad re-quirements and merit badges, as well as com-pleting an Eagle Scout project to benefit the community. Abde-Ali has been recognized as a valuable member of Troop 180, and has served in var-ious leadership positions; i.e. Junior Assistant Scoutmaster and Senior Patrol Leader. His Eagle Scout Project was to clean and stain over 70 picnic tables at the New Kingstown Fire Company pavilion, in addition to building four ADA-compliant tables. I’ve long appreciated the commitment of people who demonstrate hard work and de-vote themselves selflessly to serving our com-munities and fellow citizens. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, I recognize and congratulate Abde-Ali Emadi on his significant accomplishment and community service. I wish him continued success and Godspeed in his future adventures. 
f 
HONORING J.R. AND CAROL SHOWERS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize J.R. and Carol Show-ers for their contribution to our state and their community. The Showers have made a positive and lasting impact in Shelbyville and embody ex-actly what ‘‘Hoosier hospitality’’ is meant to be. When J.R. served as County Chairman, we worked extensively together to support Repub-lican candidates and principles. Our state is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.008 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1556 November 27, 2018 
better off today because of the Showers’ ex-traordinary leadership and service in their community. On a personal note, I have known J.R. and Carol for the past two decades. They hosted my first event as a state legislator in Shelby County. And, they have supported our efforts every step of the way since. J.R. and Carol are loyal friends and wise advisers. Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with the Showers and I will always be grateful for their support of my work in Congress. We wish them contin-ued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
ISIS IS RESURGING IN THE PHILIPPINES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ISIS fight-ers are regrouping in the Philippines. It was only a year ago that Philippine forces, with help from the U.S. military, retook the city of Marawi after a bloody five-month siege. Re-ports now suggest that fresh ISIS foreign fight-ers have arrived in the area and are preparing to unleash a new wave of terror. America must be prepared to blunt their resurgence. It should surprise no one, that after the fall of ISIS’s so-called caliphate in Syria and Iraq, that the terror group would disperse its fighters and attempt to build a new caliphate some-where else. Two decades of fighting jihadists has shown they are an adaptive and relentless foe. ISIS itself was defeated by U.S. forces in Iraq almost a decade ago but because of Obama’s naı¨ve withdrawal, was able to rally new recruits and exploit instability in the Mid-dle East. But we have learned our lessons and will not stand by as ISIS attempts another revival. We are in a long war with ISIS, al-Qaeda, and other extremists. From Mali to Mindanao, America has stood ready to confront jihadism much as we stood ready to counter com-munism around the globe during the Cold War. The Philippines is a strategic ally of the United States and we will not abandon our commitments. We must see to it that the Phil-ippines have what they need to crush ISIS’s attempted comeback and ensure its lasting defeat. ISIS’s attempts to regroup will not end in the Philippines. Our successes against ISIS re-main fragile and, without continued vigilance, can be undone. Our allies must know that the U.S. is prepared to stand with them but also note that it is their fight as well. It is their se-curity that is most threatened by ISIS’s cru-sade of terror. We are in this fight together until the ideology that drives Islamic extremism relegated to history. And that’s just the way it is. RECOGNIZING LIBBY GERMANO, KENNA GIFFORD, AND NICOLE SIMOS HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Libby Germano, Kenna Gifford, and Nicole Simos for their hard work and dedica-tion to the people of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the autumn of the 115th Congress, Second Session. The work of these young professionals has been nothing short of exemplary. During their time in my office, Libby, Kenna, and Nicole served as tour guides, interacted with constitu-ents, conducted legislative research and learned a great deal about the United States Congress. I know they all have especially bright futures ahead of them and I look for-ward to seeing them build their prospective careers. All three of these impeccable interns have made plans to continue their educational ca-reers throughout the United States. I am cer-tain they will continue in their great success and I wish them all the best in their future en-deavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recog-nize Libby Germano, Kenna Gifford, and Ni-cole Simos for their service this autumn. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR MIKE BETTICE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Mayor Mike Bettice for his contribution to our state and the City of Batesville. Throughout his career, Mike has served the City of Batesville with honor and integrity. As mayor, Mike has done an incredible job of en-gaging the Batesville community and working to ensure its success. Our state is better off today because of his leadership and service. On a personal note, we are both proud alums of Wabash College. Mike is a loyal con-fidant and among my closest friends in poli-tics. I want to thank him for his support of my work in Congress and wish Mike continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE LEBANON VOLUN-TEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Leb-anon Volunteer Fire Department and to thank its dedicated members for their commitment to their community and the residents of eastern Connecticut. The Lebanon Volunteer Fire Department was founded in September 1943 by 53 Leb-anon residents without any equipment or sta-tion of their own. The first chief of the com-pany, Clark W. Standish, obtained permission from the State Forestry Department to use their truck and equipment until Lebanon could procure their own. Since the department’s in-ception, its volunteers have consistently served the Town of Lebanon demonstrating courage and compassion in times of crisis and distress for their friends, families, and neigh-bors. For decades Lebanon Volunteer Fire De-partment has also provided the same excep-tional and brave service to surrounding towns and communities under mutual aid agree-ments. The department has grown and adapt-ed to the changing needs of the Town while remaining an all-volunteer force, providing fire, EMS, and hazmat services for the protection of life, property, and the environment. This growth and innovation by Lebanon Vol-unteer Fire Department has intensified in the wake of the post-9/11 world. As my colleagues know, the new Department of Homeland Se-curity, which was created in the wake of the tragedy, established the Assistance to Fire-fighters Grant Program which has provided re-curring grants to local departments all across the country. The grant process is an annual one and requires knowledge and expertise for departments big and small to access these funds for needed equipment and training. In Connecticut’s Second District, the Lebanon Volunteer Fire Department has graciously hosted annual AFG seminars for communities all across the region. Given that this program is competitive, Lebanon’s willingness to share updates on ways to successfully navigate the grant process speaks highly of their commit-ment to public safety for all. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in honoring these dedicated public servants both living and deceased, whose dedication and heroism have made this auspi-cious occasion possible. All firefighters and EMTs make sacrifices of time and take signifi-cant personal risks for the protection of the communities they serve. We in eastern Con-necticut are ever so fortunate and grateful to be protected by the courageous men and women of Lebanon Volunteer Fire Depart-ment. f 
HONORING MATTHEW BRITTAIN OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR ACHIEVING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate my constituent, Mat-thew Brittain, for his accomplishment in earn-ing the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout is the highest advance-ment rank in scouting; only a small number of Boy Scouts earn this auspicious title. The Eagle Scout is performance-based and has high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the rank of Eagle Scout, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by myriad re-quirements and merit badges, as well as com-pleting an Eagle Scout project to benefit the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.013 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1557 November 27, 2018 
Matthew has been recognized as a valuable member of Troop 15, and has served in var-ious leadership positions like Troop Guide and Senior Patrol Leader. His Eagle Scout project was to clean, repair, and refurbish an outdoor band shell for the picnic grove of the Salem UCC Church in Dover, Pennsylvania. I have long appreciated the commitment of people who demonstrate hard work and self-less devotion to serving our communities and fellow citizens. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, I recognize and congratulate Eagle Scout Matthew Brittain on his great accomplishment and community service. I wish Matthew continued success and Godspeed in his future adventures. 
f 
HONORING JEFF AND DANAE SPONSEL 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Jeff and Danae Sponsel for their contribution to our state and country. Over the years, Jeff and Danae have served the City of Shelbyville and Shelby County in a variety of roles with honor and distinction. Jeff is always quick with a joke, yet has a fiery passion for serving his fellow Hoosiers. He has spent years serving in various positions in the community, including on the City Council and as the Shelby County Election Deputy. Danae is a rock star and has dedicated her-self toward advancing Republican principles with the local party. It has been an honor to work with them and our state is better off today because of their extraordinary leader-ship and service. On a personal note, Jeff and Danae were among my earliest supporters of my first run for the state legislature. Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with both Jeff and Danae and I would like to thank them for their support of my work in Congress. We wish them contin-ued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
JIM KENNEDY RETIRES FROM THE VICTORVILLE CITY COUNCIL 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the service and commitment of out-going Victorville City Council Member Jim Kennedy who will leave the dais on Tuesday, December 4, 2018. Jim was first elected to Victorville City Council in 2010 and has served the city for eight years, including terms as Mayor and Mayor Pro-tem. In addition to his position as council member, Jim has served as a board member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Inland Empire Chapter of the California Society of CPAs, the City Audit Committee, and as a delegate to Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority. During his time on the council, Jim has been a passionate advocate for Victorville and its residents. He supported key infrastructure projects including the Nisqualli/La Mesa inter-change, which provided a key transit corridor to help alleviate traffic congestion. Jim also fought to keep Victorville residents safe, and consistently voted to add additional sheriff’s deputies and firefighters to the city’s budget. I thank Council Member Jim Kennedy for his leadership and dedication to public service on behalf of Victorville residents. Jim has been a true model of civility and decorum on the Victorville City Council, and he will be sorely missed. f 
RECOGNIZING EVAN GWOZDZ 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Evan Gwozdz, a student-athlete from Middleborough, Massachusetts and the National Recipient of the 2017–2018 Student- Athlete Scholarship from the National Inter-scholastic Athletic Administrators Association. Each year, the NIAAA awards scholarships to high school student-athletes who exemplify the qualities of scholastic excellence, leader-ship, and sportsmanship. Without question, Evan was a worthy selection for this pres-tigious award. An honors student in the class-room, Evan was his class valedictorian, a Na-tional Merit Scholar, and a national winner of the Rensselaer Medal for outstanding achieve-ments in math and science. As a high-profile athlete and the top student in his class at Middleborough High School, Evan dem-onstrates a true commitment to excellence in Massachusetts. On the field, Evan lettered in football, base-ball, and track, garnering numerous awards during his high school career. Evan led his in-door track team in points and was a South Shore League long jump champion; played three years of varsity baseball without ever getting caught stealing; and led Middleborough High School to their first state football cham-pionship since 1983 while being named the Boston Globe Division 6 Player of the Year. A native of Cape Cod, Evan was intrinsically driven at an early age. Starting in third grade, he began a meticulous schedule juggling a multitude of academic, athletic, and extra-curricular commitments. He had never played football before he joined the team in high school, so he took extra time to improve his game—a commitment that has undoubtedly paid off. Evan is currently a quarterback at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology while majoring in chemical engineering, and he also is cross-registered at Harvard and earning a business degree. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Evan Gwozdz for his many accomplishments, and I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating him and wishing him great success in the future. It is truly inspiring to see a such dy-namic and passionate person follow their dream, and I know we will see more great things from him in the future. HONORING GEORGE SMITH ON HIS 50TH ANNIVERSARY WITH THE LEBANON VOLUNTEER FIRE DE-PARTMENT HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of George Smith of Lebanon, CT, who is celebrating his 50th anniversary as a member of the Lebanon Volunteer Fire De-partment. George, a native of Rocky Grove, PA, start-ed his vocation as a public servant after grad-uating from high school in 1954. He enlisted in the U.S. Navy and served in the Korean Con-flict, the Cuban Missile Crisis, and the Vietnam Conflict over his 21 years of active military service, reaching the rank of E8 Senior Chief Hospital Corpsman. George and his family moved to Lebanon, CT in 1966. Following in his first-responder parents’ footsteps, he decided to become a firefighter and joined the Lebanon Volunteer Fire Department in May 1968. In 1978, he joined the Lebanon Constabulary and served as a constable for a decade. He also provided emergency medical services and performed firefighting tasks. Over the course of his public service to the town he has also served as Fire Lieutenant, Fire Police Lieutenant, elected de-partment secretary, and currently as Fire Po-lice Captain. For 50 years, George has been committed to serving Lebanon residents by protecting them, their families, pets, and livestock, as well as lands and properties throughout the town. He holds life member status at the Leb-anon Volunteer Fire Department. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in recognizing George Smith’s mile-stone anniversary as well as his remarkable record of service to the town of Lebanon. Vol-unteering one’s life for the protection of others is no small sacrifice, and in this way, Mr. Smith has been exceptionally selfless. Let us all express our gratitude for this fine gen-tleman. 
f 
HONORING BILL AND KAYE WHITEHEAD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Bill and Kaye White-head for their contribution to our state and their community. The Whiteheads have spent their lives serv-ing the Delaware County community. They are full-time farmers but Bill and Kaye spend much of their time serving their community in numerous capacities. Their embodiment of ‘‘Hoosier hospitality’’ has truly made a dif-ference in Delaware County and our state is better off today because of their extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, I’ve known the Whiteheads for 18 years. Jennifer and I cher-ish their friendship. Bill, like me, overachieved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.018 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1558 November 27, 2018 
in marriage. The Whiteheads were also among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I am forever grateful to Bill and Kaye for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAQUELINE DOUGLAS, AKA ‘‘WACKY JACKY’’ 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleagues, M
IKETHOMPSON and J ARED  H
UFFMAN , to honor an American icon, a woman who is one of a kind on the water and on land. Jaqueline Douglas, better known as Wacky Jacky, has been taking people fishing for almost half a century. There is nothing that makes her happier than a happy angler walk-ing off her sportfishing charter boat, the Wacky Jacky, with two big, bright king salmon after a day on the open ocean. Fishing and people are her life. Jacky was born Jaqueline Detsch on Octo-ber 3, 1928 in San Francisco. Do the math and you’ll realize just one of the reasons that makes her special: at age 90, she is still the captain of her boat. Retirement is something she thinks about occasionally, but as she told San Francisco Chronicle reporter Tom Stienstra at the beginning of this year’s salm-on season, ‘‘If I can’t run my boat, you might as well hang me out to dry.’’ Jacky attended Lincoln High School and studied journalism. Fresh out of high school in 1946, she started to work for a brand-new or-ganization, the San Francisco 49ers. She was the Queen of the 49ers during its inaugural season under general manager Lou Spadia. After that season, Jacky began a modeling ca-reer with Alice of California, a San Francisco women’s designer. Work had to take a tem-porary backseat when she met and married George James Douglas XVII at age 19. They soon had four daughters, Diana, Johanna, Lu-cinda and Roni, and Jacky focused on being a devoted mother and wife. In the mid 50s, it was George who kindled Jacky’s passion for fishing. She joined him for one of his many trips on a party boat and thought to herself, ‘‘Gee, this is pretty neat; I wonder how we can get our own boat.’’ In 1960, they scraped to-gether enough money to buy a 28-foot double ender in Monterey which was christened the first Wacky Jacky and berthed in a backrow slip at Fisherman’s Wharf. By now, Jacky was thoroughly hooked on fishing. She decided to become a sportfishing charter boat captain—to the shock of the in-structors at the Dovi Navigation School. There simply weren’t any female captains, but in 1972 she became the first one. License in hand, she purchased a 36-foot boat from her friend Albie Spadaro, the second Wacky Jacky. To this day, she is the only woman skipper in the San Francisco Bay Area fleet. Her third and current Wacky Jacky is a pris-tine 50-foot Delta she bought in 1976 which is berthed in the number one slot at Jones and Jefferson streets at Fisherman’s Wharf. Making it in this male-dominated world wasn’t easy. The petite, 5-foot Captain Jacky Douglas endured plenty of contempt, ridicule, and cat calls in the beginning of her career, but as time passed, she won people over with her skills, perseverance, warmth and humor. She has taken over 150,000 people fishing and they usually return with fishing limits and great stories to tell. She loves to share what she calls Wacky Jacky’s World. ‘‘The atmos-phere is so heavenly. You just completely don’t even think about what’s going on in the rest of the world. You are out here trying to catch a fish, enjoy the people. It’s a wonderful, wonderful world.’’ Her skills, advocacy and boundless energy have earned her a long list of awards and nicknames. She was inducted into the Cali-fornia Outdoors Hall of Fame in 2013 for her outstanding work as a salmon boat skipper, naturalist and conservationist. It is worth point-ing out that she received a record 40 out of, 41 votes. She has been called the First Lady of Salmon Fishing, and California’s No. 1 goodwill ambassador and advocate for salm-on, fisheries conservation and water issues. She has represented the Golden Gate Fisher-man’s Association at state and federal hear-ings. And she is the public face of salmon fishing having appeared in hundreds of tele-vision, radio and print stories. In 2008, Jacky lost her husband George to cancer. It was only recently that she found new romance which was tragically cut short. Last year, she and long-time family friend and fellow skipper Roger Thomas became a cou-ple. The two resembled a teenage couple head over heels in love. Roger worshipped Jacky. In a horrible twist of fate, Roger was di-agnosed with terminal cancer, given just weeks to live. Jacky took care of Roger for six months, making his remaining time the best anyone could make it. Those who knew Roger had never seen him that happy. I have known Jacky Douglas for eight years and believe that making other people happy is her foremost priority in life. For every holiday, I receive a box of sweets and her famous ori-gami fish in Valentines, Easter, Christmas, or whatever occasion colors with a heartwarming note sending me ‘‘Best Fishes.’’ Jacky Doug-las has a heart of gold. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to rise with me to celebrate the 90th birthday of a remarkable woman with a heart-felt ‘‘woohoo,’’ one of her favorite expressions of joy, excitement and happiness. May Cap-tain Jacky Douglas, the extraordinary huntress of the sea, continue to bring joy to everyone around her for years to come. 
f 
HONORING KELLY HARPER 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Kelly Harper, who was just named the District of Columbia’s 2019 Teach-er of the Year. Ms. Harper is a third-grade teacher at Amidon-Bowen Elementary School in the Dis-trict and a native Washingtonian. She has been teaching for seven years. Because of her talent, she also trains other D.C. teachers, and she serves on Amidon-Bowen’s Flamboy-ant Foundation Family Engagement Leader-ship Team. Ms. Harper believes that her teaching em-powers her students, helping them become vi-sionary leaders for the future who will fight for positive social change. Ms. Harper’s award, which is given annually to a D.C. public school teacher who dem-onstrates outstanding leadership and commit-ment to student achievement, also includes a well-deserved $7,500 prize and $1,500 to sup-port travel to national conferences. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing Kelly Harper for her achievement as the District of Colum-bia’s 2019 Teacher of the Year and for her outstanding work with students in the District of Columbia. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF DAVID TYLER CARLETON 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of David Tyler Carleton, a resident of Bourne, Massachusetts, who will turn 100 years young on November 27th. Mr. Carleton has been lucky enough to call Massachusetts his home for much of his life. Born in East Bridgewater, David graduated from Mount Hermon Prep School and then at-tended college at Syracuse University. Feeling a call to serve his country, he left Syracuse to enlist in the Air Force during World War II. The tenets of brotherhood and service, two values engrained in him during his military ex-perience, have had a profound effect on Da-vid’s life. After leaving the service, David met and married Marjorie Neville, and they lived in Brockton, Massachusetts for 55 years. While in Brockton, they volunteered at the Veterans Administration Hospital for 35 years where David never missed assisting during Sunday chapel services. The importance of brother-hood has never left David, and his fellow Ma-sons at the Paul Revere Lodge of Free-masons in Brockton can attest to his over 60 years of activity in that community. He has passed his commitment to service on to the next generations as well. David is fa-ther to one son, grandfather to two, and great- grandfather to four! Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor David Tyler Carleton on this joyous occasion of his 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING DR. DAVID WELSH 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Dr. David Welsh for his contribution to our state and his commu-nity. This year, Dr. Welsh was honored for Excel-lence in State Advocacy for his lifelong com-mitment to advocating on behalf of patients in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.023 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1559 November 27, 2018 
Indiana and his encouragement of other sur-geons to engage in advocacy. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, the Doc is among my closest friends in politics and was one of my earliest and most vocal supporters. I want to thank him for his friendship and incredible support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
HONORING THE 100 YEAR ANNI-VERSARY OF THE AKRON BRASS COMPANY 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the Akron Brass Company, an orga-nization formed on December 26, 1918 to produce couplings for the rubber lined fire hose market. Starting in Akron, Ohio, it relo-cated to Wooster, Ohio in 1920 and by the mid 1920’s expanded its product offering to in-clude not only hose couplings and mill sup-plies, but fire department equipment as well. Over the past 100 years, the Akron Brass Company has enjoyed a long and storied jour-ney of quality, service, and growth. Their pri-ority has been developing products you trust to protect property and lives. The company has patented hundreds of products over the years and employed generations of hard work-ing employees, with strong values, dedicated to meeting the needs of the fire service. Today, Akron Brass is a customer-driven, global manufacturer of fire fighting and emer-gency response equipment committed to mov-ing the fire industry forward. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize an organization that has and continues to develop innovations that increase job safety and efficiency. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. BRAD GEHRING’S THIRTY-FIVE YEARS OF SERVICE IN LAW ENFORCE-MENT 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Brad Gehring’s thirty-five years of service in law enforcement, including twenty-eight years as Outagamie County Sheriff and the successful legacy he leaves as Outagamie County’s top law enforcement offi-cer. Sheriff Gehring’s outstanding career con-sists of many professional accomplishments that reflect the caliber of his leadership and service. Sheriff Gehring began working for the Outagamie County Sheriff’s Department in 1983 as a corrections officer. His work ethic and diligence advanced him from corrections officer to deputy to investigator. In 1990 he was elected Outagamie County Sheriff, just seven years after beginning his career, a true testament to his leadership abilities. From cor-rections officer to Sheriff, Mr. Gehring has earned the respect of his peers and commu-nity not only in Outagamie County, but across the entire state of Wisconsin. It isn’t often that a law enforcement officer serves the same county for nearly four decades. During Sheriff Gehring’s tenure, the county experienced incredible growth and improve-ments, including the construction of the Outagamie County Justice Center. Sheriff Gehring provided steadfast and unfailing lead-ership during times of change, while sup-porting his department and protecting our communities. Mr. Gehring leaves large shoes to fill in the Sheriff’s office, and his legacy and impact will not soon be forgotten. There is no doubt that Sheriff Gehring will be missed by the officers who worked and served with him, the county officials who depended upon him, and the members of the communities he helped keep safe. As Sheriff Gehring steps down to pursue other interests, I have no doubt he will con-tinue to serve as a leader in Outagamie Coun-ty and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in commending Mr. Gehring for his service as Sheriff and thank him for his long career protecting the great state of Wis-consin. f 
RECOGNITION OF 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BETHLEHEM BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the Midlothian community in celebration of the 100th anniversary of Bethlehem Baptist Church. Founded in 1918, Bethlehem Baptist Church remains a pillar in the area and a bea-con of light throughout the community in Midlothian, Virginia. Since its inception, Beth-lehem Baptist Church has encouraged and empowered individuals with their message of hope, while encouraging the pursuit of oppor-tunity through spiritual growth, education, eco-nomic empowerment and development. On behalf of the Seventh Congressional District of Virginia, I want to extend my con-gratulations to the church, the congregation, and the surrounding community for preserving one hundred years of faith and tradition. 
f 
HONORING BARB HACKMAN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Barb Hackman for her contribution to our state and Bartholomew County. As Chair of the Bartholomew County Re-publican Party, Barb has given countless hours toward advancing our shared conserv-ative principles. Barb’s positive spirit and quick smile have made an incredible difference in Columbus. Our state is better off today be-cause of her extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Barb is among my clos-est friends in politics. She is a loyal friend and a wise adviser. I want to thank Barb for her in-credible support of my work in Congress. And, I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her family. f 
HONORING JOHN TAYLOR, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. John Taylor, Jr. for his outstanding service to the City of Jack-son. Mr. John Taylor, Jr., is a native of Jackson, Mississippi. He was raised and nurtured in a Christian home by his parents, John and Letha Taylor. Taylor accepted his call to the ministry at 16 years of age at New Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church in Jackson and has continued spreading the Good News of Jesus Christ through his ministry ever since. In the year of 2001, Taylor graduated from Lanier High School and later studied business administration at Belhaven University from 2007 to 2010. He is the founder of many initiatives in the Jackson Metro Area: The Frank E. Melton Senior Citizens Thanksgiving Dinner, which caters to over 200 senior citizens annually; the John Jr. Gospel Ministries; the John Taylor- Wood Street Christmas Toy Give Away; and the Annual God Loves You Community Fes-tival in JC Park. Taylor obtained a magnitude of skills after training with FEMA’s Emergency Management Institute and later assisted individuals on the Gulf Coast during Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. He is an exceptional member of the Jack-son Medical Mall Community Advisory Board. Mississippi State’s Department of Health cer-tified Taylor as an HIV and STD Prevention Counselor. Taylor is a contributing member of the fol-lowing organizations: King Hiram Grand Lodge; First Baptist Church of Jackson, Mis-sissippi; Police Benevolent Association, Inc.; and the Lanier High School National Alumni Association. Taylor’s mission has been to assist others through community service while simulta-neously serving as a mentor and role model for all those he encounters. The love of his life, Sherwana Taylor, has been of major sup-port throughout all his endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. John Taylor, Jr. for his years of dedicated leadership and servanthood to the Jackson community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HE´LE`NE ONSERUD 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate He´le`ne Onserud for her un-wavering commitment to the children, teens, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.027 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1560 November 27, 2018 
and families of Sunset Park, Brooklyn and her impeccable work at the Center for Family Life over the last 33 years. Center for Family Life, a program of SCO Family of Services, is a neighborhood-based family and social services organization with deep roots in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. As Pro-gram Director, He´le`ne has helped to enrich the quality of afterschool, evening, and sum-mer programs reaching more than 2,000 Sun-set Park community members every single year. He´le`ne is a true example of an extraor-dinary community leader. He´le`ne started as an art specialist, and through her hard work and tireless dedication, attained her Master’s De-gree in Social Work, then arose to become multi-site director at the Center for Family Life in Sunset Park. As multi-site director, He´le`ne laid the foun-dation for the new leaders at Public School 503 and Public School 506. Even as she steps back from her role, He´le`ne’s warmth, spirit and contributions will be impactful for years to come. Mr. Speaker, please join me in saluting He´le`ne Onserud for decades of life changing work. 
f 
LINDSAY ADAMS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Lindsay Adams for being nominated as a finalist for the Illinois State Board of Edu-cation’s 2019 Teacher of the Year Award. Ms. Adams teaches chemistry, physics, fo-rensic, and unified sciences at Gallatin County High School. Last year, Ms. Adams made a documentary about the total solar eclipse that she and her students tracked as it passed over North America, for which she was nomi-nated for a Mid-America Emmy. Her willing-ness to engage her students exemplifies the qualities of an excellent teacher. As a former teacher, I understand the im-portant role that teachers play in our commu-nity. I am confident that, with educators such as Ms. Adams, our youth are in good hands. Mr. Speaker, I wish to applaud Ms. Adams’ well-deserved nomination for the Illinois State Board of Education’s 2019 Teacher of the Year Award and wish her and her students the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING VICTOR WHITEHEAD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Victor Whitehead for his contribution to Delaware County, and our state. Victor is a hard worker and a great advo-cate as County Chair in Delaware County. Over the years, he has worked tirelessly to advance Republican values and to improve the quality of life for Hoosiers living in the City of Muncie. It has been an honor to work with him. Our state and Delaware County is better off today because of his extraordinary leader-ship and service. On a personal note, Victor has been a loyal friend and wise adviser during my entire ten-ure in Congress. I would like to thank him for his friendship and support of my work. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 35TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE DALLAS CHAPTER OF THE GIRL FRIENDS, INCOR-PORATED 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 35th anniversary of the Dallas Chapter of the Girl Friends, Incorporated. On September 12, 1975, I invited a few close friends with similar ideas and dreams to my home to discuss how we could make an impact on the Dallas com-munity. As we began to meet and brainstorm, the St. Louis Chapter of Girl Friends took us under their wing and encouraged us to create our own chapter. The Charter members of the Dallas Chapter of the Girl Friends include Velma Bedford, Dorothy Chambers, Jennifer Clark, Doloroes Craig, Earlene Deere, Roslyn Fitch, Joan Sessoms Ford, Veronica Marshall Frazier, Honorable E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Marvinell Johnson, Cheryl Malone, Dr. Vivienne Malone Mayes, Millie Montgomery, Hazel Moore, Faye Powell, Sandra Sutton, Mary Lois Sweatt, Marye Thomas, Mildred W. Thomas, and Marquerite Williams. The chapter upholds the ideal that edu-cation is important and since its inception, has regularly supported female college students with scholarship funds that can be used for books, transportation and other personal needs. Our most recent scholarship recipient, and HBCU student, was also awarded an aca-demic scholarship from The Girl Friends Fund, Inc. The chapter has supported the NAACP project, Black Arts and History, African Amer-ican Museum, Black Dallas Remembered, YWCA, Aging for Black Women’s Conference Politics and Health Symposiums, Austin Street Shelter Ministries, Vogel Alcove, The Family Place, Letot Girl’s Residential Center, The Agape Clinic, The Dallas Life Foundation and West Dallas Community Center. As I reflect on the great milestones and paths that The Girl Friends have created with-in the past thirty-five years, I am honored and proud of all we have accomplished and the positive impact it has had on our community. It is with great admiration that I congratulate The Dallas Chapter of the Girl Friends on achieving this wonderful milestone, and wish them the best on all future endeavors. TRIBUTE TO ALESSIO ‘‘AL’’ GIZZI HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Alessio ‘‘Al’’ Gizzi. Al passed away on November 25 from natural causes at the age of 97. Born in Waterbury, Connecticut, Al lived nearly his entire life in Connecticut. As a part of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’, he enlisted in the Marine Corps and fought during World War Two. Eventually rising to the rank of Ser-geant, he saw action in the Pacific, and served until the war’s end. After his discharge, Al moved back to the Hartford, Connecticut area, joining the Team-sters Union and working as a deliveryman and route salesman for Mother’s Pies and later for Table Talk Pies. He retired in 1983, but never one to enjoy the idleness of retirement, he re-joined the workforce and spent seven years at the Cigna Insurance Company in Bloomfield. It was after his discharge that he married Roslyn Ann Guglielmetti, his wife of sixty-nine years. They were together until her death in 2014. They had one son, John. Al also leaves behind a sister, Mary, two nieces, a nephew, and two grand-nephews. I knew Al through his son John. John, cur-rently the White House reporter for Newsmax, is a master of politics, wit, and wisdom. He is a friend and quite literally my mentor. My first paid job in Washington, D.C. was that of his intern at the Human Events newspaper. John has been a fixture at White House press con-ferences and events, and is respected by ev-eryone who has worked with him. I know Al counts John as one of his life’s best accom-plishments. John’s incredible strength will get him through this difficult time, and I ask everyone to keep John and his family in your thoughts and prayers. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COM-MANDER VICTORIA MARUM’S 11 YEARS OF SERVICE TO HER COUNTRY AND HER HONORABLE RETIREMENT FROM THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lieuten-ant Commander Victoria Marum on her sepa-ration from the United States Navy after 11 years of faithful service to our country. An esteemed member of the United States Navy, Lieutenant Commander Marum most re-cently served as a Liaison in the Navy’s U.S. House of Representatives Liaison Office. In this capacity, she oversaw and led countless Congressional and staff delegations to naval installations throughout the United States and the world. These trips greatly helped members and their staffs achieve a greater under-standing of the issues facing our Navy and its Sailors from all over the world. I was so grateful for Lieutenant Commander Marum’s guidance during delegations that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.033 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1561 November 27, 2018 
led abroad, as she always handled stressful situations and difficult individuals with poise, humor, and resourcefulness. The talent she exhibited on Capitol Hill will serve her well on every path she finds herself in the future. LCDR Marum attended the University of Florida and was commissioned as an Ensign in the United States Navy in 2007. She would later go on to earn her ‘‘wings of gold’’ and qualify as a Naval Aviator in 2009. Following her winging, LCDR Marum reported to Heli-copter Maritime Strike Squadron 70 where she served from 2010 to 2013. LCDR Marum’s awards and decorations include the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal and other personal, campaign, and service ribbons. As LCDR Marum embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that she may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment, the outstanding contributions she has made to the United States Navy, Congress, and our great nation. I wish her the very best and continued suc-cess in her future endeavors. 
f 
COMMENDING MATTHEW PARIS FOR WINNING THE CONGRES-SIONAL APP CHALLENGE 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-mend and congratulate Matthew Paris, a stu-dent at Eaton High School, for winning the Congressional App Challenge in Colorado’s 4th Congressional District. His app, ‘‘Home Safe,’’ helps users stay safe by offering a way out of problematic situ-ations. I’m thankful for his desire to build an app that serves our community by improving public safety. Matthew’s investment in Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) skills will pay off not only for his own future but for the future of our nation as well. Tomorrow’s innovators and problem-solvers will be the stu-dents of today who are investing in the skill sets of the future. I congratulate Matthew again and wish him the best as he continues his education. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN WESLEY LAINHART IV 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of John Wesley Lainhart IV, the first Inspector General of the U.S. House of Representatives, who died Tuesday, September 25, 2018. Mr. Lainhart was appointed as the Inspector General on November 14, 1993, and was reappointed for the One Hundred Fourth Congress and the One Hundred Fifth Congress. Jointly ap-pointed by the Speaker, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader, Mr. Lainhart was responsible for conducting periodic audits of the financial and administrative functions of the House. He retired from Federal service on April 1, 1999. John is remembered for his commitment to excellence in serving the House of Represent-atives. Among his many accomplishments, John’s leadership was instrumental in over-seeing the first comprehensive financial audit of the House. His generosity in sharing knowl-edge and expertise with others and dedication to this institution continue to inspire many today. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the life and memory of John Wesley Lainhart IV. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY BENNETT 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nancy Bennett, who recently passed away. Nancy was a beloved member of the Hendricks County, Indiana community. Nancy loved music and dedicated her life to teaching. She taught for 38 years, filling the lives of thousands of students with a love and passion for music. Nancy taught English and music for the An-derson Public School System, she also taught at Indianapolis Public School, and at Ben Davis High School in Indianapolis. Nancy fin-ished her teaching career at Brentwood Ele-mentary School, in Plainfield, Indiana, teach-ing music to Kindergarten through 6th Grade students. Nancy was very involved at the Plainfield Christian Church where she directed both the Choir and the Hand Bell Choir for eight years. She also shared her passion for music with the community by leading the Hendricks Country Chapter of the Purdue Women’s Glee Club. More than music, Nancy loved her family. While attending Anderson College to receive her Bachelor of Arts Degree in Music Edu-cation, she met her husband, Alfred. They were married for sixty-one amazing years, and had four incredible children, Wesley, Lisa, Doug, and Beckie. Nancy was an amazing grandmother and great-grandmother to her ten grandchildren and five great-grandchildren. On a personal level, I knew Nancy for many years. Nancy was always the person who waited for me in the back of the room after I finished speaking. On the way out, she would always give me her thoughts, feedback, and motherly scolding if I needed it! She did the same for many. Her husband Al, another long-time friend of mine, was always with her. He will have the most difficult time with all of this. I ask the Hendricks County community to come around Al, their son and friend of mine Wes Bennett, and the whole Bennett family at this time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27NO8.038 E27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1204 Tuesday, November 27, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7103–S7146 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 7–10, 3658–3661, and S. Res. 707–709.
           Pages S7132–33 
Measures Reported: S. 793, to prohibit sale of shark fins, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–388) S. 3143, to provide for a coordinated Federal pro-gram to accelerate quantum research and develop-ment for the economic and national security of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–389) S. 3367, to amend certain transportation-related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–390) H.R. 3279, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that extraction of helium from gas produced under a Federal mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas. (S. Rept. No. 115–391)
                                                               Pages S7131–32 
Measures Passed: Remove the Prohibition on Certain Alcohol Manufacturing: Senate passed H.R. 5317, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on In-dian lands.
                                                                     Page S7141 
Sac and Fox Indian Reservation: Committee on Indian Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7141 
Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3946, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:                                                                                             Page S7141 
McConnell (for Isakson) Amendment No. 4063, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S7141 
McConnell (for Isakson) Amendment No. 4064, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S7141 
National Principals Month: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 674, recognizing the month of October 2018 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S7141 
25th Anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 424, honoring the 25th anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7142 
McConnell (for Baldwin) Amendment No. 4065, to amend the preamble.
                                         Page S7142 
75th Anniversary of World War II: Senate passed S. 3661, to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II.
                                                    Pages S7142–43 
Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act (NICA): Committee on Foreign Relations was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 1918, to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Govern-ment of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S7143–44 
McConnell (for Menendez) Amendment No. 4066, in the nature of a substitute.
                       Pages S7143–44 
House Messages: Jamestown Reservoir: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal prop-erty around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota.
                                                             Page S7141 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1205 November 27, 2018 
Dickinson Reservoir: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 440, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal prop-erty around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota.
                                                             Page S7141 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order declaring a na-tional emergency related to the situation in Nica-ragua; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM—48) 
                                                                                            Page S7131 
Kelley Nomination-Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce.
                                                     Pages S7112, S7146 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 62 yeas to 37 nays (Vote No. EX. 247), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7112 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the post- cloture time on the nomination expire at 12:15 p.m., on Wednesday, November 28, 2018. 
                                                                                    Pages S7144–45 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Lead-ers, or their designees; and that Senate recess from 11 a.m. until 12 noon.
                                           Page S7145 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 53 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 246), Ste-phen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
                                                                                    Pages S7103–12 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7131 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7131 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7132 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7133–34 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7134–38 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7130–31 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7138–40 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7140–41 Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—247)
                                                        Pages S7111–12 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:00 a.m. and adjourned at 6:51 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, November 28, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7145.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COMMISSION ON THE NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the findings and recommenda-tions of the Commission on the National Defense Strategy, after receiving testimony from Eric S. Edelman, and Admiral Gary Roughhead, USN (Ret.), both Co-Chair, Commission on the National Defense Strategy, Department of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 1,592 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. NAVY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower concluded a hearing to examine Navy shipbuilding programs, after receiving testimony from James F. Geurts, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, Vice Admiral William R. Merz, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Systems (OPNAV N9), and Lieutenant General David H. Berger, USMC, Commanding General, Marine Corps Com-bat Development Command, and Deputy Com-mandant for Combat Development and Integration, all of the Department of Defense. FTC OVERSIGHT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Trade Commission, after receiving testimony from Joseph J. Simons, Chairman, and Rohit Chopra, Noah Joshua Phillips, Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, and Christine S. Wilson, each a Commissioner, all of Federal Trade Commis-sion. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Energy (Nuclear Energy), Bernard L. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1206 November 27, 2018 
McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Interior. MULTILATERAL ECONOMIC INSTITUTIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Mul-tilateral International Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy concluded a hearing to exam-ine multilateral economic institutions and United States foreign policy, after receiving testimony from David Malpass, Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs; Roland de Marcellus, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for International Finance and Development, Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs; Clay Lowery, Rock Creek Global Advisors LLC, Arlington, Virginia; Scott A. Morris, Center for Global Development, Bethesda, Maryland; and Jennifer Hillman, Georgetown University Law Center, Thea Mei Lee, Economic Policy Institute, and Stephanie Segal, Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies, all of Washington, D.C. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7169–7178; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 1159 were introduced.
                                            Page H9667 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9668 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2846, to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–1043); H.R. 3121, to require the purchase of domesti-cally made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1044); H.R. 3154, to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General (H. Rept. 115–1045); H.R. 6777, to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of settlement agreements, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1046); H.R. 3588, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act to provide for management of red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1047); H.R. 3608, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1048); H.R. 4731, to extend the retained use estate for the Caneel Bay resort in St. John, United States Vir-gin Islands, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–1049); H.R. 6346, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to provide for consideration of the totality of conservation measures in determining the impact of proposed Federal agency action (H. Rept. 115–1050); H.R. 6345, to provide for greater county and State consultation with regard to petitions under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–1051); H.R. 6365, to establish the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo Land Grant-Merced Claims Commission and other Federal policies for the restoration of land for hardships resulting from the incomplete and inequi-table implementation of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to affirm Land Grant-Merced property rights protected by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hi-dalgo, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1052); and H.R. 6678, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain National Park Service land in Fair-fax County, Virginia, to the Friends of the Claude Moore Farm (H. Rept. 115–1053).
          Pages H9666–67 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9577 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:18 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H9579 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H9579, H9657 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:10 p.m.
                                                   Page H9580 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1207 November 27, 2018 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Women in Aerospace Education Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholar-ship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportuni-ties to women;
                                                    Pages H9580–81 
National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram Reauthorization Act: S. 1768, to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Program;
                                                      Pages H9581–86 
Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act of 2018: H.R. 5273, amended, to reduce global fra-gility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of vi-olence, violent conflict, and fragility in pilot coun-tries, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 376 yeas to 16 nays, Roll No. 421;
                      Pages H9587–91, H9653–54 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To reduce global fragility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, violent conflict, and fragility, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H9654 
United States-Mexico Economic Partnership Act: H.R. 1567, amended, to promote economic partner-ship and cooperation between the United States and Mexico;
                                                                   Pages H9591–93 
Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act: H.R. 4591, amended, to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iranian persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq; 
                                                                                    Pages H9593–97 
Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act of 2018: H.R. 6207, amended, to support democracy and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 374 yeas to 11 nays, Roll No. 422;
                                                Pages H9597–H9600, H9654–55 
Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act: Concur in the Senate amend-ments to H.R. 390, to provide emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes; and
               Pages H9600–04 
Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund: Concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund.                             Pages H9604–52 
Redesignating a facility of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 3389, to redesignate a facility of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration.
                   Page H9586 
Oath of Office—Fifteenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania: Representative-elect Susan Wild presented herself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a facsimile copy of a letter received from Mr. Jonathan Marks, Commissioner, Bureau Commissions, Elections and Legislation, Department of State, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, indicating that, according to the pre-liminary results of the Special Election held Novem-ber 6, 2018, the Honorable Susan Wild was elected Representative to Congress for the Fifteenth Con-gressional District, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
                                                                                            Page H9654 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentlewoman from Penn-sylvania, the whole number of the House is 432. 
                                                                                            Page H9654 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 8, 2018, regarding morning-hour debate not apply tomorrow. 
                                                                                            Page H9655 
Order of Business—Suspensions: Agreed by unan-imous consent that it be in order at any time on the legislative day of November 29, 2018, for the Speak-er to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule 15.
   Page H9655 
Correcting the enrollment of S. 140: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 51, to correct the enrollment of S. 140. 
                                                                                            Page H9655 
Restore the Harmony Way Bridge Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6793, to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, as amend-ed by Representative Mast.
                          Pages H9655–56 
Designating the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass H.R. 6622, to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’, as amended by Representative Mast.
                     Page H9656 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1208 November 27, 2018 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’.’’.
                                                              Page H9656 
Amending the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties established and published by the Com-mission: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and pass H.R. 7120, to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commis-sion to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties established and published by the Commission.
                                                        Page H9656 
Designating the outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 7163, to designate the outstation of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation. 
                                                                                    Pages H9656–57 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that he had issued an Executive Order declaring a national emer-gency with respect to the threat posed by the situa-tion in Nicaragua—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–173). 
                                                                                    Pages H9652–53 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9653–54 and H9655. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:51 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS REFORM Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Proc-ess Reform: Committee continued a markup of the Committee’s report, recommendations, and legisla-tive language, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again on Thursday, November 29, 2018. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Re-search, Education, and Economics, all of the Department of Agriculture, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyberse-curity, to hold closed hearings to examine Cyber Com-mand’s relationship with the National Security Agency, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine addressing America’s surface transpor-tation infrastructure needs, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the global fight to end modern slavery, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 3247, to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, S. 3654, to amend the United States Inter-national Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplica-tion of public diplomacy programs and efforts, to im-prove the research and evaluation of public diplomacy, S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international security, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, H.R. 1872, to pro-mote access for United States diplomats and other offi-cials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, H.R. 4819, to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and bio-diversity programs that facilitate transboundary coopera-tion, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa, H.R. 2646, to reauthorize the United States-Jor-dan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, H.R. 4989, to re-quire the Department of State to establish a policy re-garding the use of location-tracking consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities, and the nominations of Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Botswana, Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus, Jeffrey Ross Gunter, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iceland, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Mali, Dennis Walter Hearne, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozam-bique, Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Guinea, Earle D. Litzenberger, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1209 November 27, 2018 of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Azer-baijan, Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, Robert K. Scott, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to Central African Republic, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, fo-cusing on improving affordability through innovation, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider the nominations of Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Columbia, and Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be Chairman, and Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, and Andrew F. Manuz, both to be a Member, all of the Merit Systems Protection Board, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 2788, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to con-fer jurisdiction on the State of North Dakota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake In-dian Reservation’’, S. Res. 444, recognizing the heritage, culture, and contributions of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women in the United States, S. Res. 596, recognizing the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Journey of the Tribal Nations of the Pa-cific Northwest and congratulating the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup, H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (com-monly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restric-tions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River In-dian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take cer-tain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River In-dian Community, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brian C. Buescher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Clifton L. Corker, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, M. Miller Baker, of Vir-ginia, and Timothy M. Reif, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Judge of the United States Court of Inter-national Trade, and Donald W. Washington, of Texas, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service, De-partment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Donald L. Palmer, of Flor-ida, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–301. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine strengthening state efforts to overhaul the guardianship process and protect older Americans, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on the Senate amendment to H.R. 88, the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Cross-roads Battlefield Designation Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Cap-itol. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 28, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘BOP Management of its Female Inmate Population, and Other Challenges’’, 12 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1210 November 27, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, November 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Penn-sylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, post-clo-ture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. (Senate will recess from 11 a.m. until 12 noon.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Wednesday, November 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1553 Brat, Dave, Va., E1559 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1561 Carter, John R., Tex., E1554 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1555, E1556 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1554, E1555 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1557 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1556, E1557 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1553 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1559 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E1561 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1560 Keating, William R., Mass., E1557, E1558 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1553, E1554, E1555, E1555, E1556, E1557, E1557, E1558, E1559, E1560 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1558 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E1554, E1555 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1555, E1556 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1556 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1559 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1560, E1561 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1560 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1560 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1558 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1559 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1559 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 28, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27NO8.REC D27NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST