Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 2018 No. 4 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 8, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable P
AUL M
ITCHELL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another year. We ask Your blessing upon the Mem-bers of this people’s House as they re-convene for the second session. May they anticipate the opportunities and difficulties that are before them, and before so many Americans, with stead-fast determination to work together toward solutions that will benefit their countrymen. Grant that they be worthy of the re-sponsibilities they have been given by their constituents and truly be the peo-ple You have called them to be. May the walls of disagreement that have di-vided this Assembly be put aside and replaced by a spirit of respect and dig-nity and, where needed, cooperation. May Your spirit, O God, be in all our hearts and minds and encourage us to do the works of peace and justice now and always. May all that we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
CALL OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will use the electronic system to ascertain the presence of a quorum. Members will record their presence by electronic device. The call was taken by electronic de-vice, and the following Members re-sponded to their names: 
[Roll No. 1] ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—357 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA7.000 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6 January 8, 2018 
Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—74 
Adams Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blunt Rochester Brady (PA) Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Connolly Cummings Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DesJarlais Dingell Fleischmann Gaetz Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hice, Jody B. Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Keating Kihuen Kind Kustoff (TN) Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lynch McCollum McNerney Neal Noem Nolan Perlmutter Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Rouzer Ryan (OH) Scott, Austin Scott, David Shea-Porter Shuster Simpson Smith (NJ) Trott Tsongas Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Wittman Young (AK) 
b1853 The SPEAKER. On this roll call, 357 Members have recorded their presence. A quorum is present. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the proceedings of January 5, 2018, and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PROVIDING FOR A COMMITTEE TO NOTIFY THE PRESIDENT OF THE ASSEMBLY OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 677 Resolved, That a committee of two Mem-bers be appointed by the Speaker to notify the President of the United States that a quorum of the House has assembled and that the House is ready to receive any commu-nication that he may be pleased to make. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
APPOINTMENT AS MEMBERS OF COMMITTEE TO NOTIFY THE PRESIDENT, PURSUANT TO HOUSE RESOLUTION 677 The SPEAKER. Pursuant to House Resolution 677, the Chair appoints the following Members to the committee to notify the President of the United States that a quorum of the House has assembled and that the House is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make: the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ). 
f 
TO INFORM THE SENATE THAT A QUORUM OF THE HOUSE HAS AS-SEMBLED Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 678 Resolved, That the Clerk of the House in-form the Senate that a quorum of the House is present and that the House is ready to pro-ceed with business. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE HOUR OF MEETING OF THE HOUSE Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 679 Resolved, That unless otherwise ordered, the hour of daily meeting of the House shall be 2 p.m. on Mondays; noon on Tuesdays (or 2 p.m. if no legislative business was con-ducted on the preceding Monday); noon on Wednesdays and Thursdays; and 9 a.m. on all other days of the week. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. APPOINTMENTS OF HON. ALEX-ANDER X. MOONEY, HON. MI-CHAEL K. SIMPSON, HON. PAUL MITCHELL, HON. LARRY BUCSHON, HON. JODEY C. ARRINGTON, AND HON. PATRICK T. MCHENRY TO ACT AS SPEAK-ER PRO TEMPORE TO SIGN EN-ROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESO-LUTIONS THROUGH THE REMAIN-DER OF THE 115TH CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) laid before the House the following communica-tion from the Speaker: 
THESPEAKER ’SROOMS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 8, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable Alexander X. Mooney, the Honorable Michael K. Simp-son, the Honorable Paul Mitchell, the Honor-able Larry Bucshon, the Honorable Jodey C. Arrington, and the Honorable Patrick T. McHenry to act as Speaker pro tempore to sign enrolled bills and joint resolutions through the remainder of the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the appointments are ap-proved. There was no objection. 
f 
MAKING IN ORDER MORNING-HOUR DEBATE Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 3, 2017, providing for morning-hour debate be extended for the remainder of the 115th Con-gress, except that House Resolution 679 shall supplant House Resolution 9. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE COMMEMO-RATING SEVENTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SHOOTING IN TUCSON, ARIZONA (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues from Arizona to commemorate the seventh anniver-sary of the shooting that took place on January 8, 2011, in Tucson, Arizona. Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was meeting with her constituents when a gunman opened fire. He killed 6 people and injured 13 more, including the Con-gresswoman. Last year, when I led this moment of silence, many people in this Chamber could only imagine being the target of a gunman. This year, even more Mem-bers of Congress have lived that re-ality. Majority Whip S
TEVE SCALISE  narrowly escaped with his life, thanks to the quick action of brave Capitol po-lice. Hateful violence against elected offi-cials is not an attack on any particular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA7.002 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7 January 8, 2018 
individual. It is an attack on a party. It is an attack on our representative government and the ideals that under-pin our democracy. I believe our Nation can chart a new course. Where there has been division, there can be unity. Where there has been hatred, there can be under-standing. Where there has been vitriol, there can be civil discourse. In the aftermath of the 2011 shooting, Tucson united to support the grieving, honor the victims, and commend our first responders. Just this morning, my hometown dedicated the January 8 Me-morial in downtown Tucson. Tonight, we remember those we lost: Christina-Taylor Green; Dorothy Mor-ris; Judge John Roll; Phyllis Schneck; Dorwan Stoddard; and congressional staffer, Gabriel ‘‘Gabe’’ Zimmerman. Mr. Speaker, I would now ask that the House rise and observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the vic-tims. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House will rise for a moment of silence. 
f 
b1900 EL SALVADOR TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my disappointment with the administration’s decision to termi-nate temporary protected status— TPS—for hundreds of thousands of Sal-vadorans. This decision comes just after it terminated TPS for Haiti and Nicaragua. In 2001, El Salvador was struck by a 7.7 magnitude earthquake that left de-struction and tragedy in its wake, re-sulting in 250,000 Salvadorans coming to the U.S. seeking safety. Since then, they have been key parts of our com-munities and important contributors for our economy. It is cruel and inhu-mane to tell them that they will no longer be afforded temporary status here in the U.S. and that they have to go back to unsafe and uncertain condi-tions. Mr. Speaker, I urge the administra-tion to reverse the decision to termi-nate TPS for El Salvador, Nicaragua, and Haiti. I ask my colleagues to join me in a letter to the administration asking it to right this wrong and to also extend this status for Honduras. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, each January, we honor the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., for all he did to help us live out the true mean-ing of our creed. Dr. King dedicated his life to justice and equality, and he died for it. But even with his ideals, Dr. King would have never had the impact he did if it weren’t for his willingness to dedicate his life to service. That path of service is open to us all. As Dr. King said: ‘‘You don’t have to have a college degree to serve. You don’t have to have to make your sub-ject and your verb agree to serve. You don’t have to know about Plato and Ar-istotle to serve.’’ Dr. King knew that service isn’t about your education or your back-ground. It is about much more than that. He taught us all that all you need to serve is ‘‘a heart full of grace, a soul generated by love.’’ That path is not an easy one, but it is one we can all take, and we should. f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT DAY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row, January 9, is National Law En-forcement Appreciation Day. It is a time to celebrate everything that our law enforcement men and women do for our communities. While it is important to appreciate their courage and brav-ery, it is also a time to honor them and thank them for their service. Every single day, police officers go to work not knowing what dangers may lie ahead of them while on the job. They put their lives on the line with a mission to both serve and protect. By the way, these law enforcement per-sonnel are our friends, our neighbors, and even family members. Last year, 128 police officers lost their lives defending the thin blue line. One of them was Officer Bill Mathews of Wayzata, Minnesota. He was cer-tainly well known and part of the fab-ric of the community. He is missed not only by a loving family—his wife, Shawn, and son, Wyatt—but also by those he worked with and the residents he served while on patrol in neighbor-hoods. Mr. Speaker, those who serve in law enforcement will often say it is a call-ing, and we honor that calling of serv-ice on National Law Enforcement Ap-preciation Day. 
f 
REMEMBERING DEPUTY SHERIFF DANIEL MCCARTNEY (Mr. HECK asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, last night, after many of us went to bed, one of my constituents called 911. It was ev-eryone’s worst nightmare: an intruder in the house. But then a superhero appeared, in the dark and in the cold, in the form of Pierce County Deputy Sheriff Daniel McCartney: a husband, a father of three, and a son. His bravery last night was just one of thousands of times he protected us, having served 10 years in uniform as a police officer and 7 years in the Navy. His bravery last night cost him his life, as he was gunned down by the intruder. We are all shocked and saddened by his loss. We share our grief with his family, friends, and his brothers and sisters in blue. Some of them will do Deputy McCartney’s patrol tonight, in the dark and in the cold, and they will come running when we need them. Not everyone can do what they do. These are special people with special skills and with special abilities. May the life of Deputy Sheriff McCartney remain special to all of us. f 
CONGRATULATING MANVEL MAVERICKS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, sometimes life matters by the inch. Last month, for the Manvel Mavericks, their dream came down to 12 inches—1 foot. That is how close they came to winning every football game they played in 2017, in-cluding the Texas 5–A Division 1 State Championship. Was Manvel disappointed when they lost? Heck yes. Did we shed some tears? Heck yes. Are we more proud than ever of our guys? Hell yes. That pride comes from how they played, win or lose. An example of our pride is next to me. That is our team listening to our senior quarterback, Kason Martin’s final words as a mem-ber of the Mavericks. Kason’s words rang true then, and they ring true for all eternity. He said: I’m forever Manvel. I don’t care what the scoreboard says. We are the champions. Hoka Hey. 
f 
FREEDOM IS NOT PARTISAN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, freedom is not partisan. Yesterday, on the corner of Post Oak and Westheimer in Houston, Texas, I stood with Iranian Americans, linking arms with them as they protested and petitioned for a free and democratic Iran. I told them that the cries of hun-ger and economic needs, and the cries of young people who wanted freedom in Iran were my cries, and that we be-lieved in democracy, freedom, and peace, and that we would not leave them alone. So, again, I say to them: We stand not as Democrats and Republicans, but as Americans, wanting for a free gov-ernment that allows the people’s voices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.008 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8 January 8, 2018 
to be heard, and that despotic govern-ments have no place in a society that relishes and thirsts after freedom. I want to thank the law enforcement officers who stood by in the cold—yes, the cold in Houston—and allowed for a peaceful protest in this time of hon-oring them a national law enforcement commemoration. Again, I want to thank them, for they go to places where they are needed and they allow democracy to reign. I will say democ-racy will reign in Iran, and Iranian Americans are not alone in their quest for freedom, democracy, and peace. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORTH DAKOTA STATE UNIVERSITY BISONS (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the North Dakota State University Bisons, who, on Saturday, won their sixth NCAA Division 1 foot-ball championship in the last 7 years. When Chris Kliemen was named head coach at NDSU 3 years ago, he inher-ited a tradition of excellence and made it a dynasty. Merriam-Webster defines ‘‘dynasty’’ as ‘‘a powerful group or family that maintains its position for a considerable time.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, winning six na-tional championships in 7 years cer-tainly meets the second half of that definition. And anyone who knows Bison football knows that they are a family. It is what makes them special. Quarterback Easton Stick was named the Game’s Most Outstanding Player, but it was the Bison defense that shined the brightest on Saturday, hold-ing James Madison University’s explo-sive offense to a season low 241 yards and just 13 points. Perhaps it was linebacker Nick DeLuca who put it best when asked how the Bison defense was able to re-spond so spectacularly in so many dif-ficult situations. He simply said: ‘‘Just remain focused and calm.’’ Good advice, Nick, in football and politics. Congratulations, Bisons. You make us proud. 
f 
TERMINATION OF TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS FOR EL SALVADOR (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Presi-dent’s cruel decision to terminate tem-porary protected status for El Sal-vador, hurting 200,000 people and their 193,000 U.S. citizen children. Mr. Speaker, many of these people have lived alongside us as friends and neighbors for decades. It is unfathomable that the administration would deport people back to one of the most dangerous parts of the world. When it comes to the rights and lives of immigrants, we cannot be silent. De-fending temporary protected status to protect those fleeing war, disease, and natural disasters is a priority that crosses party lines and political bar-riers. That is why, last month, I joined my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to introduce the ASPIRE-TPS Act that would help bring justice for immigrants who are deeply woven into the fabric of our society. It is apparent that congressional action is necessary now more than ever to protect people with TPS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to help us ad-vance bipartisan legislation to protect the hundreds of thousands of people who rely on these protections. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President. 
f 
TAX RELIEF IS UPON US (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last month, Congress passed the historic Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Tax relief is upon us for American workers, families, and job creators. Come February, there will be more money in your paycheck. Workers are already seeing the bene-fits of this historic tax cuts bill. Busi-nesses across the country are now giv-ing bonuses, pay raises, and making new investments that will get our economy back on track. Pennsylvania’s own AccuWeather provided a year-end bonus to all em-ployees due to the strong confidence in the United States and global economy now that tax reform passed. And AccuWeather isn’t alone. Thanks to tax reform, Wells Fargo boosted its minimum wage for employ-ees to $15 an hour and targeted $400 million in nonprofit donations this year. AT&T paid more than 200,000 U.S. employees $1,000 each and increased its capital spending budget by $1 billion. Sinclair Broadcast Group paid $1,000 bonuses to nearly 9,000 employees. These are just some of the many businesses that are rewarding their em-ployees, thanks to tax reform, fair and simple. 
f 
b1915 SHAME TRAFFICKERS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the deviants of the slave trade operate all around us. Human trafficking occurs in our country, our States, and in our cit-ies. January, Human Trafficking Aware-ness Month, seeks to bring light to this scourge against humanity: nothing more than modern-day slavery. We must not only remain vigilant but must go after the buyers and sell-ers in the sex trafficking trade. This is one of them right here. That is why I have introduced, along with CAROLYN MALONEY , the Shame Act, to expose the identity of convicted traffickers and buyers of human beings. The Shame Act allows judges to pub-lish the names and photographs of con-victed traffickers and buyers in public places, such as on billboards. Mr. Speaker, as a judge in Texas, I successfully used shame punishment. It worked. Dubbed ‘‘poetic justice’’ by the media, I learned that the last thing criminals want are their faces exposed to the public. Traffickers and buyers must know they cannot hide behind their das-tardly crimes. It is time to send a mes-sage loud and clear about human traf-ficking: not in our cities, not in our States, not in our Nation, not any-more. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING LYNN RANEY (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lynn Raney, who passed away on December 28. He was a talented artist, a dedi-cated State worker, an admired teach-er, and a respected member of our cen-tral Illinois community. Lynn found great joy in serving oth-ers. I got to know him during his time working in public service for the State of Illinois. There was never a day that Lynn did not have a smile on his face, even in the midst of difficult family health tragedies. As a matter of fact, Lynn Raney helped set up a press conference where he found out he was being laid off from the State of Illinois by a new Governor. I have no doubt that Lynn will be re-membered well for his talent as an art-ist. Not only did he teach art to high school students, but he was known for the care and creativity he put into his annual Christmas cards. Just before this Christmas, I received one of his cards, and I will cherish it even more after his passing. I am proud to honor Lynn today. He left a lasting impact on everyone who knew him. He was a good friend, a de-voted husband, and a loving father, who will be missed by many. My thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily during this difficult time. 
f 
REDFIELD SNOW (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.010 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9 January 8, 2018 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a new record in Oswego County, New York. The town of Redfield now has the record for the most snowfall in 48 hours. An aston-ishing 62 inches of snow fell in this idyllic town along the Salmon River with only 550 people near Lake On-tario. While subzero temperatures and bliz-zard conditions keep most people in-side our homes, National Weather Service observer and constituent Caro-lyn Yerdon braved the elements to an-nounce the record shattering news standing atop a 5-foot snow bank. The total snowfall breaks the world record of 57 inches in a 48-hour period set in 2008 by Bennetts Bridge in Oswego County. Home to some of the harshest winter conditions in the country, upstate New York experiences heavy lake-effect snow, high winds, and bitter tempera-tures all season long. As snow blankets our region this win-ter, we are grateful to our first re-sponders, who continue to go above and beyond and keep our roadsides safe, to protect and rescue some stranded vul-nerable citizens—yes, in 5 feet of snow, you can lose people—and providing as-sistance to all our communities. A special thank you to Carolyn Yerdon, our special National Weather Service employee. May I just say her favorite words: Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. 
f 
HEALTH INSURANCE FOR AMERI-CANS WORKING FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today there is an estimated 11 million Ameri-cans working for small businesses who lack employer-sponsored health insur-ance. The reality is that families across the country are struggling to afford coverage; they are priced out of plans and left with few options. Last week, President Trump’s De-partment of Labor proposed a rule to help these 11 million Americans, a move deserving of ample support. The rule would enhance the market leverage of small groups, as well as in-dividuals, by giving associations a meaningful role on the same playing field large corporations enjoy. For example, a farmer will be able to buy insurance through the national Farm Bureau plan, or a restaurant manager could let his employees buy insurance through the National Res-taurant Association. Association plans are able to reduce costs by sharing risks in a larger pool, allowing flexibility to design plans to meet workers’ needs, increasing negoti-ating power to lower prices with pro-viders or drug prices. It is not a complete fix for ObamaCare, but it is certainly a big leap in the right direction, allowing workers that are in small businesses to have more choices, better than what they have now. f 
THE HISTORY OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL BLACK CAUCUS AND THE LEGACY OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say to the chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, I appreciate this honor and this opportunity, as well as all the other Members, for giv-ing me this opportunity to kick off the second session of the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hours. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, including any extra-neous material, on the subject of this order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues, as I said earlier, for this opportunity. This is truly an opportunity for a young man who comes from the city of Philadel-phia, who grew up in the streets of Philadelphia, and who had the oppor-tunity to be a product of the public school system, a product of community college and La Salle University, stand-ing here today in the seat with many of my predecessors, five African Ameri-cans from the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, starting off with Robert N.C. Nix. Our theme tonight is the history of the CBC and the legacy of Martin Lu-ther King. Next week we begin the celebration of the birthday of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King. Dr. King was not only a great man but a great patriot, who loved America and the ideas of the underpinning of our democracy. To kick off our discussion, I want to open up with two Dr. King comments that really capture our current polit-ical climate and what is at stake. The first quote is: ‘‘We may have come over here on different ships, but we are all in the same boat now.’’ Dr. King. The second quote is: ‘‘Of all forms of inequality, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ Dr. Martin Luther King. When we think about this great Na-tion and our leaders before us like Dr. King, who came together to lay a framework for equal pay, fair wages, healthcare, equality in housing, so much more we are reminded of what is at stake and how much we have to lose in this current political climate. We have a lot to lose under the current ad-ministration’s destructive policies. Dr. King would be greatly dis-appointed at many things going on in this country right now that affects all of our communities. We are in the business of doing no harm, but we must continue to fight to show results and solutions to help move our neighborhoods forward. Dr. King fought to move our neighborhoods forward when the odds were stacked against him. There are many examples of his life, legacy, and lasting impact in the city of Philadelphia, which is in the Second Congressional District. Take, for example, the Dr. King me-morial and mural at 40th and Lan-caster Avenue—he had a rally of 10,000 people when Dr. King was there—and the yearly luncheon that the late C. Delores Tucker sponsored in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King. It is important to recognize his con-nection to Pennsylvania and the divin-ity school in Chester in Delaware County. Dr. King came many times to the city of Philadelphia and to the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. He had a huge influence on a lot of us. On this April 4, 50 years later, when I was in junior high school, entering high school in 1968, he had a huge af-fect on me. He was someone who walked with kings and queens. He dem-onstrated to all of us with that mes-sage of peace. He was relentless in terms of standing up for freedom and justice. He showed all of us what it is to be a leader. You will hear, over the next 60 min-utes, a number of my colleagues who have all either directly or indirectly been connected with Dr. Martin Luther King and what he has meant. We need to conduct this as a large teach-in. That is what this should be. This should be a teach-in so we can share with everybody in this country what Dr. King was about and the im-portance. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ), the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsyl-vania, Congressman D
WIGHT EVANS , for allowing me this time to speak. Mr. Speaker, I heard Mr. E
VANS talk about Dr. King’s roots and influence in Pennsylvania. I just want to note, and this would only be a small moment of my remarks, that as a Morehouse man, we remind everyone that Dr. King started at the age of 16 in his matricu-lation through college and his embark-ing on the world knowledge that he had at Morehouse College, which I spent just a few years at and graduated from myself. I hope that there are a number of young people watching today, as well as those seniors whose backs I stand on, because a lot of people talk about Dr. King’s dream, but I just want to say here publicly, and I have said it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.013 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10 January 8, 2018 
privately so many times, we don’t honor the dream. Everybody has a dream. The question becomes whether you have the courage, the fortitude, and the willingness to sacrifice your future to make that dream come true. In this body, and as chair of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, which now represents almost 78 million Americans in serving with real icons who paved the way to make this a more perfect union, I appreciate now more than ever the sacrifice that went into making this country what it is, and because of that and because of this time, let me just give 30 seconds of my history. My mother is from the poorest place in the United States. She had 15 broth-ers and sisters, and all she had was a mother, a very dedicated mother who was a housekeeper we call a domestic or some other fancy term now. She was a woman who woke up every day, who would clean other people’s houses to make sure that her 15 kids had an op-portunity at a better future. You know what created that better future? His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities. My mother went to Southern Univer-sity. She shared a jacket with her sis-ter, who was still in Lake Providence, which is about 200 miles away. I don’t know how you do it, but they did it. My mother, in that HBCU, because of the work of many people, was able to achieve an education, which is the best way to lift yourself out of poverty. She instilled in me two things: one, Cedric, you have to work hard, you have to do everything twice as good as everyone else so you can make it; and two, once you make it, you have an obligation to give back. That is what is so special about Dr. Martin Luther King and the dream and the day that we celebrate. A lot of young people sit around and say: Oh, when I make it, I am going to give back. Oh, when I grow up, I am going to do something. Well, Dr. King did everything that he did at a young age. If you talk about the Montgomery bus boycott, if you talk about our leaders in the civil rights movement, they didn’t wait to grow into leadership. They created their own path. The remarkable thing is many of them sacrificed not only their future but their life. When you talk about Dr. King, and to a lot of my middle class African Ameri-cans, let me say this, Dr. King could have sat back and said: I have mine, you get yours, or my family is com-fortable, so I will take the easy path. b1930 So for all of us who are doing well, remember, there are a whole bunch of people who are not. We have this ice storm all across the country right now where we are hunkering down in our homes with heat. We have to remember that there are people who are hunkering down on the street, sleeping outside under a blanket because that is all they have. So we have to, in the spirit of Dr. King, remember that we are the great-est country on Earth; and if we don’t think it is a perfect Union, we have to make it a more perfect Union. Even if it costs us our life, like it did Dr. King, and it cost him his life in Memphis, fighting for sanitation workers; we have to fight for the least among us be-cause this country is only as great as is the least among us. As long as there are people sleeping on the streets during this blizzard, that means this country is failing. When there are kids in public school that are destined for failure because we have not funded our public schools, this country is failing. So I would just say that, of all of the great things about Dr. King, the one thing that we should remember is his sacrifice, his courage, and the fact that he gave his life to make our lives a bet-ter life. Let me just say that, as I grew up going to some of the best schools in the country, integrated schools because of Dr. King and because of the person whom I am going to introduce, I know I stand on their backs, and I know that I have a lot of work to do to make sure that the generation behind me has that ability. But sacrifice is not easy, and when I think of it, I think of people that I read about in my textbooks, people I stud-ied, people I admired, people whose au-tograph I sought. And now I actually get to call this gentleman, this distin-guished gentleman from Georgia, a friend. But he is more than a friend: he is an icon; he is a trailblazer; he is a person who saved this country; and he, as a teenager, started his civil rights fight. He marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, knowing that there was hatred on the other side; and he met hatred with love, and he was beaten because he loved and they hated. But do you know what he did? He marched again. Do you know what he did? He ran for Congress. Do you know what he did? He wel-comed me into this Congress, and he paved a better way for generations so that we could go to some of the best schools in the country. Mr. Speaker, I have an opportunity to present, introduce, one of the great-est Americans to ever walk on the face of this Earth, one who has sacrificed blood, sweat, tears, and who has stayed on his knees constantly, praying for a better country. He reminds us all that the Lord will order your steps, but you have to move your feet. He moved his feet across that Edmund Pettus Bridge, and he was beaten so that I could vote without counting how many bubbles in a bar of soap or how many jellybeans in a big tub. Mr. Speaker, the distinguished gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) will now yield to one of the greatest Americans and the greatest Member serving in this House of Representa-tives, the Honorable JOHNLEWIS from Georgia. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our chairman, and that is why he is our chairman of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, because you just heard him so eloquently express his thoughts and his feelings. He has done a fantastic job as the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, and I thank him. I always recognize the im-portance of what he brings to all of us. The gentleman is correct about the next person. I want to add my voice to what he just said. I was 11 years old when he went across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. I recall seeing it on CBS. I did not understand it, but, now, like the chairman, I serve in this body with him. I am a part of this body. And as I watch him and as I listen to him, all of the drive and the energy that he has—and he is always extremely posi-tive. I have not met a person who is more positive and optimistic about the future of this country as he says and talks about walking in his shoes. I re-member that he said that. I remember that opportunity when I was down in Alabama on that Edmund Pettus Bridge—along with him and my good friend and colleague from Ala-bama, T
ERRI SEWELL —that I thought to myself, I said: ‘‘Self, here I am with Congressman L
EWIS.’’ He is someone who is renowned in this body and in this country and around the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. E
VANS , for yielding, and thank you to the chairman of the CBC, C
EDRIC RICH-
MOND . Mr. Speaker, it is true that I grew up in rural Alabama, 50 miles from Mont-gomery, outside of a little place called Troy. It is true that my father was a sharecropper, a tenant farmer. But in 1944, when I was 4 years old— and I do remember when I was 4—my father had saved $300, and a man sold him 110 acres of land. We picked cot-ton. We gathered peanuts. We pulled corn. Sometimes I would be out there working in the field and I would fall be-hind, and my mother would say: ‘‘Boy, you need to catch up.’’ I would say: ‘‘This is hard work.’’ And she would say: ‘‘Hard work never killed anybody.’’ I said: ‘‘Well, it’s about to kill me.’’ But one day, 15 years old, in the 10th grade, I heard of Martin Luther King, Jr. I heard of Rosa Parks in 1955. The action of Rosa Parks, the words and leadership of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., inspired me to find a way to get in the way. So 2 years later, I wrote a let-ter to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in 1957, and I told him, in this little let-ter, that I wanted to attend a State- supported college called Troy State, now known as Troy University. It didn’t admit Black students. Dr. King wrote me back and sent me a round-trip Greyhound bus ticket and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.015 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H11 January 8, 2018 
invited me to come to Montgomery to meet with him. In the meantime, I had been accepted at a little college in Nashville, Tennessee, American Bap-tist College. Dr. King got back in touch with me and said: ‘‘When you are home for spring break, come and see me.’’ So, in 1958, I boarded a Greyhound bus and traveled from Troy to Mont-gomery, and a young lawyer by the name of Fred Gray, who had been a lawyer for Rosa Parks and for Dr. King, met me at the First Baptist Church, pastored by the Reverend Ralph Aber-nathy, and took me in to see Dr. King and Reverend Ralph Abernathy. Martin Luther King, Jr., said: ‘‘Are you the boy from Troy? Are you John Lewis?’’ I said: ‘‘Dr. King, I am John Robert Lewis,’’ but he still called me ‘‘the boy from Troy.’’ This man inspired me to stand up, to find a way to get in the way or find a way to get in trouble, in good trouble, necessary trouble. He said: ‘‘If you want to go to Troy State, we will help you, but we may need to file a suit against the State of Alabama, against Troy State. Go back and have a discussion with your moth-er and your father. Tell them their home may be bombed or burned. They can lose their land.’’ I went back. My mother was so afraid and my father was afraid, so I contin-ued to study in Nashville. From time to time, Dr. King would come and visit Nashville and speak at mass meetings and rallies. But he inspired me, along with Rosa Parks and others, to get in-volved. He led the Montgomery bus boycott. For more than 381 days, people walked the streets; they shared cars and rides; they stood in unmovable lines; but they never gave up. Dr. King inspired us to stand up. He inspired us to believe in the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. We would be sitting at a lunch counter waiting to be served, and someone would come up and spit on us or put a lighted cigarette down our backs or in our hair, pour hot water or hot coffee on us, but we obeyed his instructions. So I got arrested a few times during the sixties, 45 times, but I never gave up. Just think, in 1961, the same year that President Barack Obama was born, Black people and White people couldn’t leave the city sitting together to travel on a Greyhound bus or a Trailways bus through the South. People were arrested, jailed, beaten, but Dr. King met us in Montgomery, sheltered us in a church. One night, while we were there in that church, when people were threatening to bomb the church or burn it down, he made a call to Robert Kennedy and told him about what was happening. Robert Kennedy communicated to his brother, President Kennedy, and the President put the city of Montgomery under mar-tial law. If it hadn’t been for Martin Luther King, Jr., Robert Kennedy, and Presi-dent Kennedy, some of us would have died in that church. But it led to the desegregation of public transportation all across the American South. More than 400 people—400 of us—ar-rested in Jackson, Mississippi. We filled the city jail, the county jail, and, later, the penitentiary at Parchman. But Martin Luther King, Jr., changed America forever. He taught us how to live and he taught us how to die. He taught us to be brave, to be coura-geous, to be bold. If it hadn’t been for Martin Luther King, Jr., I don’t know what would have happened to many of us, happened to America. Many of us of color, whether we are Black, Latino, Asian American, or Native American, wouldn’t be in this body. He opened up the political process. He was a man who believed in the way of peace, the way of love, believed in the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. In a few days, a few weeks, we will commemorate his passing. He was as-sassinated on April 4, 1968. I was in In-dianapolis, Indiana, with Robert Ken-nedy when we heard that Dr. King had been assassinated. We heard that he had been shot. Robert Kennedy an-nounced that he had died. And I think, when Dr. King died, something died in all of us; something died in America. He left us the way of peace, the way of love, the way of hope, and I hope that all young people and people not so young will commemorate and learn something about the teachings of Dr. King. I want to thank the chair of our cau-cus, Congressman R
ICHMOND , and Mr. E
VANS , my friend and brother, for hav-ing the vision to hold this teach-in to-night; and I hope we will do more to ex-plain to the American people and peo-ple around the world what Dr. King meant not just to Americans, but to the world community. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I hope that what we just heard, and to our chair-man of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, that we can, either through social media or whatever way, share that that was a learning experience that just took place. To have Congressman L
EWIS, who was there, who was on the front lines, who is not talking about something he read but something he has demonstrated through his own ex-perience, that all of us—not just the Congressional Black Caucus, but this entire House—should thank him for his service and for being a patriot and for what he has expressed. So I personally want to thank the Honorable J
OHNLEWIS for taking that opportunity just to educate us, because we all need education, and we are never too wise to think we don’t need some-one to talk to us. Speaking of education, another good colleague from the great State of Texas—I know a little bit about that State. Everything is big in that State, they tell me. She is in a seat that Con-gresswoman Jordan used to hold, and Mickey Leland, and she, in her own right, is doing a lot. I have watched her in the period of time I have been here, just a year. She is a fantastic person, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE, from the 18th Congressional District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? b1945 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). The gentleman has 36 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman E
VANS for the mighty leadership that he has given and for the service that he gives to his constituents in Philadelphia. I accept his challenge, and I accept the challenge of my chairman, C
EDRIC  R
ICHMOND , who told a story that hope-fully will be an inspiration and a guide for all of those who believe that they are not yet mature enough to serve, to give, to offer to the beloved commu-nity that Dr. King so aptly speaks of. What can I say about J
OHN LEWIS, whose moral guidance, but whose bloody brow, was never bowed. I thank Congressman L
EWIS not only for the straight talk but the loving talk. To my colleagues who are here, I know that each will have a moment, so allow me to take just a moment to be able to offer my tribute and commemoration of Dr. King’s life. What a powerful year we face in 2018, and I am so grateful to have left 2017. I believe that this gives a fresh look to America. I looked at the movie ‘‘Re-member the Titans,’’ and maybe you saw that with Denzel Washington, and it reflected a racial conflict with foot-ball players just outside of Washington in Virginia. It is a moving story of how when you get young people together, we can break the chains of racism and differences. It brought tears to my eyes, because in 2017, we went that journey again, and I was hoping that we would come in this year, the com-memoration year, to accept Dr. King’s challenge of a beloved community. I salute my community of Houston. Some say there was no civil rights movement, and I beg to differ with them. Dr. King came one time, and the clergy gathered, most of them gath-ered, those who were afraid; we know that most were not. They were all ready to have a big rally, and wouldn’t you know it, a bomb threat. But our Houstonians were ready to march and to be out front in spite of the fear of a bomb. I believe that every community that Dr. King was either invited to or that he went to, there were people of cour-age who were willing to stand up and embrace freedom in the face of dev-astating potential disaster. So let me just say that my greatest claim for this legacy is my fight as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.017 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH12 January 8, 2018 
younger person to be part of the South-ern Christian Leadership Conference. It will be my greatest honor to have been able to work for the Southern Chris-tian Leadership Conference, to walk in that office on Auburn, that I believe may not be to meet Ralph David Aber-nathy because it was after the death of Dr. King, to know James Orange, and to know the brother that walked with the wooden leg, and to know Andy in a way that they were still engaged in Dr. King’s work. I am reminded of the message that he has given to us. And as Chairman R
ICH-
MOND said, he was young, and he asked the question: ‘‘Life’s most persistent and nagging question is’’—he said— ‘‘what are you doing for others?’’ And I think we as members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus and the adjunct of the foundation that works for young people, we have no doubt in what we are doing for others. But Dr. King gave us the words: ‘‘I would like somebody to mention’’—as he talked about his death on February 4, 1968, this is what we should be doing in 2018. We should be talking about what we are doing in commemoration. ‘‘I would like somebody to mention on that day Martin Luther King, Jr., tried to give his life serving others.’’ And he said: ‘‘I want you to say on that day’’— that I might have lost my life—‘‘that I did try in my life . . . to love and serve humanity.’’ So as I close, I want to remind those of us who have not yet made our jour-ney to something that brought us clos-er to Dr. King that this body, this group of Republicans and Democrats, this administration, we need to unshackle ourselves. This question of race needs to be thrown under the bus of the beloved community. And we need to be able to dream like Dr. King did and say—but he learned to use his imagination when he saw this separa-tion and his dreams to see right through those ‘‘White Only’’ signs—to see the reality that all men and women, regardless of our place of ori-gin, their gender, or their creed, are created equal. What a visionary. And so I close with his braveness in two points: his answer to the question about who are we as a nation and what this citizenship should mean. And he simply turned us back to the Declara-tion of Independence and said that we simply should have citizens who can live out the words written in the Dec-laration of Independence that have a place in this Nation’s Bill of Rights. We simply want to be like others. And he took this courage to his death, for at the end of his life, he was not ashamed to go to Riverside Church and stand against the Vietnam war while others looked aghast, afraid. Why are you stepping out of your box? Dr. King said: I believe in the beloved community, a dreamer with works and actions. And so I close in that faithful jour-ney that he made that we will be com-memorating all converging in Mem-phis, Tennessee, and the American Fed-eration of State, County and Municipal Employees who were forged and born in the shadow of two sanitation workers who were killed in the line of their duty, and Dr. King felt compelled to be there. When do we feel compelled: on the tax bill, on CHIP, on fully qualified healthcare, on affirmative action? When are we taking this, in essence, to the mat? Because that is what Dr. King did. He took it to the mat. And he went to the mat in the face of violence, and he told us, in his last words, that he had been to the mountaintop. He had seen the promised land. And he did not know if he would get there someday, but he knew that we as a people would pine away to that pathway. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, next Monday, January 15, the nation observes for the 33rd time the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday. Each year this day is set aside for Ameri-cans to celebrate the life and legacy of a man who brought hope and healing to America. The Martin Luther King Holiday reminds us that nothing is impossible when we are guided by the better angels of our nature. Dr. King’s inspiring words filled a great void in our nation, and answered our collective longing to become a country that truly lived by its noblest principles. Yet, Dr. King knew that it was not enough just to talk the talk; he knew that he had to walk the walk for his words to be credible. And so we commemorate on this holiday the man of action, who put his life on the line for freedom and justice every day. We honor the courage of a man who en-dured harassment, threats and beatings, and even bombings. We commemorate the man who went to jail 29 times to achieve freedom for others, and who knew he would pay the ultimate price for his leadership, but kept on marching and pro-testing and organizing anyway. Dr. King once said that we all have to de-cide whether we ‘‘will walk in the light of cre-ative altruism or the darkness of destructive selfishness. ‘‘Life’s most persistent and nagging ques-tion,’’ he said, is ‘‘what are you doing for oth-ers?’’ And when Dr. King talked about the end of his mortal life in one of his last sermons, on February 4, 1968 in the pulpit of Ebenezer Baptist Church, even then he lifted up the value of service as the hallmark of a full life: 
I’d like somebody to mention on that day Martin Luther King, Jr. tried to give his life serving others,’’ he said. ‘‘I want you to say on that day, that I did try in my life . . . to love and serve humanity. 
We should also remember that the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was, above all, a per-son who was always willing to speak truth to power. There is perhaps no better example of Dr. King’s moral integrity and consistency than his criticism of the Vietnam War being waged by the Johnson Administration, an administration that was otherwise a friend and champion of civil and human rights. Martin Luther King, Jr. was born in Atlanta, Georgia on January 15, 1929. Martin’s youth was spent in our country’s Deep South, then run by Jim Crow and the Ku Klux Klan. For young African-Americans, it was an en-vironment even more dangerous than the one they face today. A young Martin managed to find a dream, one that he pieced together from his read-ings—in the Bible, and literature, and just about any other book he could get his hands on. And not only did those books help him edu-cate himself, but they also allowed him to work through the destructive and traumatic ex-periences of blatant discrimination, and the discriminatory abuse inflicted on himself, his family, and his people. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. that we celebrate here today could have turned out to be just another African-American who would have had to learn to be happy with what he had, and what he was allowed. But he learned to use his imagination and his dreams to see right through those ‘‘White Only’’ signs—to see the reality that all men, and women, regardless of their place of origin, their gender, or their creed, are created equal. Through his studies, Dr. King learned that training his mind and broadening his intellect effectively shielded him from the demoralizing effects of segregation and discrimination. Dr. King was a dreamer and his dreams were a tool through which he was able to lift his mind beyond the reality of his segregated society, and into a realm where it was pos-sible that white and black, red and brown, and all others live and work alongside each other and prosper. But the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was not an idle daydreamer. He shared his visions through speeches that motivated others to join in his nonviolent effort to lift themselves from poverty and isolation by creating a new America where equal justice and institutions were facts of life. In the Declaration of Independence in 1776, Thomas Jefferson wrote, ‘‘We hold these truths to be self evident, that all Men are Cre-ated Equal.’’ At that time and for centuries to come, Afri-can-Americans were historically, culturally, and legally excluded from inclusion in that declara-tion. Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Speech, delivered 54 years ago, on August 28, 1963, was a clarion call to each citizen of this great nation that we still hear today. His request was simply and eloquently con-veyed—he asked America to allow its citizens to live out the words written in its Declaration of Independence and to have a place in this nation’s Bill of Rights. The 196os were a time of great crisis and conflict. The dreams of the people of this country were filled with troubling images that arose like lava from the nightmares of violence and the crises they had to face, both domestically and internationally. It was the decade of the Cuban Missile Cri-sis, the Vietnam War, and the assassinations of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy, Mal-colm X, Presidential Candidate Robert Ken-nedy, and the man we honor here today. Dr. Martin Luther King’s dream helped us turn the corner on civil rights. It started when Dr. King led the Montgomery Bus Boycott, with 4, Rosa Parks and others, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.018 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H13 January 8, 2018 
which lasted for 381 days, and ended when the United States Supreme Court outlawed ra-cial segregation on all public transportation. But the dream did not die there. It continued started with a peaceful march for suffrage that started in Selma, Alabama on March 7, 1965—a march that ended with vio-lence at the hands of law enforcement officers as the marchers crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Dr. King used several nonviolent tactics to protest against Jim Crow Laws in the South and he organized and led demonstrations for desegregation, labor and voting rights. On April 4, 1967, at Riverside Church in New York City, he spoke out against the Viet-nam War, when he saw the devastation that his nation was causing abroad and the effect that it had on the American men and women sent overseas. When the life of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King was stolen from us, he was a very young 39 years old. People remember that Dr. King died in Memphis, but few can remember why he was there. On that fateful day in 1968 Dr. King came to Memphis to support a strike by the city’s sanitation workers. The garbage men there had recently formed a chapter of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees to demand better wages and working conditions. But the city refused to recognize their union, and when the 1,300 employees walked off their jobs the police broke up the rally with mace and Billy clubs. It was then that union leaders invited Dr. King to Memphis. Despite the danger he might face entering such a volatile situation, it was an invitation he could not refuse. Not because he longed for danger, but be-cause the labor movement was intertwined with the civil rights movement for which he had given up so many years of his life. The death of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., will never overshadow his life. That is his legacy as a dreamer and a man of action. It is a legacy of hope, tempered with peace. It is a legacy not quite yet fulfilled. I hope that Dr. King’s vision of equality under the law is never lost to us, who in the present, toil in times of unevenness in our equality. For without that vision—without that dream—we can never continue to improve on the human condition. For those who have already forgotten, or whose vision is already clouded with the fog of complacency, I would like to recite the immor-tal words of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: 
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former shareholders will be able to sit down together at the table of brother-hood. I have a dream that one day even the State of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but for the content of their character. I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day down in Ala-bama with its vicious racists, with its Gov-ernor having his lips dripping with words of interposition and nullification—one day right there in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with lit-tle white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers. I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough place will be made plain and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it to-gether. Dr. King’s dream did not stop at racial equality, his ultimate dream was one of human equality and dignity. There is no doubt that Dr. King wished and worked for freedom and justice for every indi-vidual in America. He was in midst of planning the 1968 Poor People’s Campaign for Jobs and Justice when he struck down by the dark deed of an assas-sin on April 4, 1968. It is for us, the living, to continue that fight today and forever, in the great spirit that in-spired the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the next person I would like to yield to, my col-league from Texas gave a great lead-in for her, from the great State of Cali-fornia, as Dr. King stood up against the Vietnam war. She knows a little bit about standing up. If you know anything about Honor-able B
ARBARA LEEfrom the 13th Con-gressional District, you would know she doesn’t mind being by herself. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the great State of California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gressman E
VANS for yielding, for that gracious introduction, but, more im-portantly, for his magnificent leader-ship. He has come to Congress hitting the ground running, and it truly has been and is in the spirit of Dr. King, so I thank the gentleman very much. And to our chair, Congressman C
EDRIC RICHMOND , I want to thank him for his steady leadership—and it is steady—of our caucus and for helping us to stay focused on this Special Order on the evenings which we do these to honor the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who was and is our drum major for justice. To Congressman J
OHN LEWIS, I just have to say to him that I owe him a debt of gratitude. I would not be here if it were not for him. And I want to say, on behalf of my young people at the Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center who have a chance to be with him every year—now it has been about 17 years—how much he and Congresswoman T
ERRI SE-
WELL —how much they have touched their lives and have turned their lives around, and how they understand now what fighting for justice and peace really means by being part of their ef-forts and by their mentoring them and teaching them that the beloved com-munity is not only a dream but can be real. So I thank Congressman L
EWIS so much. It is an honor to know the gen-tleman and to serve with him. This year, as we remember the man in the movement that transformed really the soul of America, it is really important that we honor the fullness of Dr. King’s dream. So while we remem-ber Dr. King’s birthday this month, we also are reminded that it was 50 years ago, on April 4, that he lost his life to an assassin’s bullet. Dr. King was a crusader for voting rights and peace, but he was also a warrior for economic justice and end-ing poverty. In fact, one of Dr. King’s most memorable speeches, of course, ‘‘I’ve Been to the Mountaintop,’’ it was given in Memphis, Tennessee, at a time when Dr. King was determined to transform the civil rights movement into an intersectional economic justice revolution. A few months before his death, two young African-American workers were crushed to death by a faulty truck in Memphis. The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employ-ees, AFSCME, union members went on strike, and Dr. King was right there with them lending his support. In a speech to the sanitation workers on strike, Dr. King explained why he was there. He said: ‘‘Now, our struggle is for genuine equality, which means economic equality.’’ Dr. King said that to thousands gathered at Mason Tem-ple. He said: ‘‘For we know that it isn’t enough to integrate lunch counters. What does it profit a man to be able to eat at an integrated lunch counter if he doesn’t earn enough money to buy a hamburger . . . ?’’ Dr. King had come to signal the dawn of a new era in the struggle. He was there to stand with workers who were sick and tired of low wages, unsafe working conditions, and the city’s re-fusal to recognize their union. He was there because he believed that labor rights, civil rights, and human rights are one and the same. He was there be-cause he understood the simple truth that there can be no racial justice without economic justice. Tragically, while fighting to secure the American Dream for all Americans, Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968. Now, that was a day that changed my life. Congresswoman JACKSON LEE mentioned where she was. We all re-member that moment. I was living in San Jose, California, and was com-muting to San Francisco, about an hour away by train. I returned that evening. My car was parked in the train’s parking lot. I got off the train, turned on the radio, and the news came through that Dr. King had been killed. Well, I sat in my car for I don’t know how long, and I cried. I was shocked like everyone, saddened, and angry. But I was also motivated to fight for the dream that Dr. King envisioned. My job, I quit my job. At that moment, I knew that I had to do something. So I became involved as a community worker with Bobby Seale and the Black Panther Party. But it was Dr. King’s assassination that catapulted me into the movement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA7.009 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH14 January 8, 2018 
I was determined to prove that even though the assassin killed the dreamer, he could not kill the dream. Right now in this country, the work that Dr. King went to Memphis to achieve, that work remains unfinished, which is what we intend to complete. Forty-seven mil-lion Americans remain locked in pov-erty. Discrimination and institutional racism continue to hold livable wages hostage, and the economic wealth di-vide, it grows deeper every day in urban and in rural communities. Now, I represent the 13th Congres-sional District of California, a great district where there is an explosion of wealth in the bay area, which has re-cently experienced also a spike in me-dian household income. b2000 It is a hub of innovation and cre-ativity, yet, in many ways, it is a tale of two cities. Black households in my district have been locked out of this explosion of wealth. According to the Census Bureau, the median income in the bay area jumped by 9 percent while the median income for Black house-holds inched up just 2 percent. It is not just wealth inequality. Twenty-three percent of Black house-holds are poor, and 43 percent of Black children in my district are considered poor in Oakland. These numbers have remained stagnant year after year after year. This is unacceptable. It is not just my district that experi-ences this wealth divide. Recent stud-ies show that if trends persist, median Black household wealth could hit zero by 2053. This alarming possibility makes one thing clear: the work to achieve Dr. King’s dream must continue, and mem-bers of the Congressional Black Caucus tirelessly continue to work both inside this Congress and in our communities because there is still much that we must overcome. As the conscience of the Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus fights every day to dismantle barriers that prevent low-income people, poor peo-ple, and people of color from having a fair shot at the American Dream. Dr. King’s legacy can be found in our ef-forts to give communities of color, struggling families, and women a fair shot at improving their basic living standards. There are many bills: Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT’s bill to raise the min-imum wage to $15 an hour, and Con-gresswoman A
LMA ADAMS ’ Closing the Meal Gap Act. There are many bills that many members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus really are cham-pioning every single day to ensure that Dr. King’s life will be remembered, that his death will not overshadow his life, and that his legacy of fighting, as Dr. King said, to make the promises of democracy real will live on for genera-tions to come. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). I just had the pleasure of really meeting her this year. She has a lot of energy and a lot of drive. She got me to go to Alabama, and I had never been to Alabama before. But after her personality, her drive, and her intellec-tual curiosity, and between her and JOHNLEWIS, what could I say? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Congressman E
VANS for yielding. He has so ably represented and led the Second District of Pennsyl-vania. It has been an honor to call the gentleman my colleague. I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that today I join with my CBC colleagues in honoring the extraordinary life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., 50 years after his tragic death. Today we honor and celebrate the man who led our country in the fight against racism and injustice, a man who forged tools of nonviolence and compassion so that our Nation could break the chains of segregation and Jim Crow. Today we honor a man who refused to believe that racism and war would define our future, and who fought to ensure that truth and love would be the final word. As the United States Representative of Alabama’s historic civil rights dis-trict, I know that Dr. King’s selfless sacrifices changed the trajectory of our Nation’s history and changed the lives of so many families in my district and around the world. When Birmingham was one of the most segregated cities in America, it was Dr. King who brought the civil rights movement home to Alabama during the Birmingham campaign. When four little Black girls were killed in the bombing of the 16th Street Bap-tist Church in Birmingham, it was Dr. King who delivered their eulogy and who refused to let their deaths go un-noticed. Mr. Speaker, when the police beat marchers on a bridge in my hometown in Alabama who were simply marching for the equal right to vote, it was Dr. King who helped Dr. Reese and so many others to organize that march from Selma to Montgomery. It was foot soldiers like the honor-able J
OHN LEWIS, whom I am honored every day to be able to call colleague, who sacrificed their lives for the oppor-tunity of a next generation to have the dream that so many wanted and fought for. There are constituents in my dis-trict, the civil rights and voting rights foot soldiers, who marched with Dr. King, who answered the call to fight for justice. These foot soldiers faced fire hoses, police dogs, and nightsticks so that future generations of Ameri-cans could now have the equal right to vote. Mr. Speaker, I get to cross the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge just to go home to see my folks and to visit my family in Selma, Alabama, to go to my home-town to visit my friends who live in a place that still needs help. There is still some unfinished busi-ness of civil rights and voting rights. It is my great honor to invite year after year so many to come—thousands— walk in the footsteps of JOHN LEWIS with J
OHN LEWIS. It doesn’t get any better than that. For me to be able to see that I am the Member from Alabama, I know that I stand on the shoulders of J
OHN L
EWIS and so many others. But I also know that I must get off his shoulders and that I must do the hard work and the unfinished business that is civil rights and voting rights in America. As long as there is voter suppression and people are not allowed to vote in this country, we have work to do. We have lots of work to do. We must do our own work. It is not enough to just say thank you. It is not enough that we come before every year to reenact the march from Selma to Montgomery. It is not just about reen-actment. It is about what we do day in and day out to further the dream that is Dr. King’s to build that beloved com-munity that we talked about. I get to see up close J
OHNLEWIS and know that he is not just talking the talk. He walks the walk every day. There are times when I am purely frus-trated in this House, frustrated be-cause there is so much work that we need to do and so much work that we don’t do because of our dysfunction. When I get tired, I just look over at J
OHNLEWIS, and I think to myself: this man never was tired. The hard work was done by so many before us, and those of us who get to walk these Halls of Congress have to decide what we are going to do to help further that dream. Dr. King’s life was not in vain. J
OHNLEWIS’ work is not in vain. There are so many of us who know that we stand on the gentleman’s shoulders and know that, in order for this country to live up to its ideals of justice and democracy for all, we must—every generation must—con-tinue that fight. It was Dr. King who wrote a letter from a Birmingham jail that talked about injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. And there are in-justices everywhere. So we have work to do. We, the members of the CBC, take that challenge very seriously. But we Members of Congress of this House, this august body, must take that work seriously, too. That work is not work that is Republican work versus Demo-cratic work. It is America’s work. It is the work of our democracy. It is the work that we must do that our constituents sent us here to do that so often is stifled by our rhetoric, stifled by our inability to see beyond our party, and stifled by so many things. But I know for a fact that when we work hand in hand together, Repub-licans and Democrats, Blacks and Whites, those from different religions, that we can do amazing things. We know that because of the life and leg-acy of Dr. King. So on this 50th anniversary of his death, let us not mourn. Let us recom-mit. Let us recommit ourselves to that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.019 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H15 January 8, 2018 
which he stood for, for that which J OHN L
EWIS stands for, and that is justice for all, irrespective of what country they come from. We are tried and tested every day, and it is important that we remember that we can all walk across that Ed-mund Pettus Bridge by doing the hard work of seeking justice and equality for all people just because they are peo-ple. I honor again the great work of Dr. Martin Luther King. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Pennsylvania has approxi-mately 13 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Congressman D ONALD PAYNE is a neighbor across the Walt Whitman Bridge or the Ben Franklin Bridge. I have known him and his father, and he has done a great job in the Garden State. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congressman E
VANS for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour on Dr. King’s life and legacy. The gentleman from Philadelphia has come to this body and has made an impact in his first year on the floor of Congress. We are delighted to have had him join the CBC. Mr. Speaker, as I sat here and lis-tened to my colleagues, the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, C
EDRIC RICHMOND , not the eldest mem-ber of the caucus, but a young man who has demonstrated the leadership to be the head of this august body; and to hear my colleague—and I use the term in reverence—J
OHNLEWIS, I am fortu-nate to be able to serve the 10th Con-gressional District of the State of New Jersey at this time. Because, you see, I was sitting here as I listened to B
AR-
BARA LEE, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, JOHN L
EWIS, TERRI SEWELL , and Mr. E VANS , that to whom much is given, much is expected. I hear the story of the ‘‘Boy From Troy.’’ I hear the story of my chair-man, C
EDRIC RICHMOND . But I have been fortunate in my life because, you see, I had a father who felt that the most important thing to do was to serve this country and this world. He instilled that in me. A lot of his teach-ings come from Dr. Martin Luther King. Fifty years after his death, Dr. King’s legacy has been shrouded in myth by people who prefer being comfortable to being real. Mr. Speaker, at this time, as young people back in my district say, I am going to keep it real. His per-sonal truths have been twisted into lies by people who want to appear woke but whose eyes are blind to the harsh re-ality of injustice. This year, in 2018, we must reclaim Dr. King’s legacy for those who are apt to quote ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ as they seek to silence people of color for fight-ing to preserve that dream. Mr. Speaker, Dr. King understood that nonviolence does not mean nonconfrontational. He knew that so-cial change requires sacrifice. He knew that doing what is right does not mean doing what is always easy. When Black Lives Matter protesters peacefully rally in the streets to pro-test police brutality against young men of color, conservatives and White moderates shout that Black Lives Mat-ter incites violence and should be peaceful like Dr. King. What they are really saying is: Sit down, boy, and know your place. That is the same thing they said 55 years ago, when Dr. King led peaceful protests against racial injustice in Bir-mingham, Alabama. Conservatives shouted that Dr. King was causing ha-tred and violence. They told him to sit down and to know his place, but he per-sisted. Dr. King was not in Bir-mingham to make everyone com-fortable. He was there to upset the sta-tus quo and to change our democracy. Then, 4 years later, Dr. King pro-claimed that the Vietnam war was morally unjust. He pointed out that profit had become more important to the government than people who were sacrificing their lives overseas. Con-servatives, once again, attacked Dr. King. They said he was being slan-derous and that he was tragically mis-leading people. Now, Mr. Speaker, you see the great outcry and support that we have for our soldiers and our military people now in this country. We honor and re-vere them now. That came out of the struggle of the Vietnam war, where they were spat on and told that they weren’t worth anything. That is where it came from, Dr. King bringing up the unjust war that this was. So out of Dr. King’s protests against the Vietnam war, we began a great reverence for our soldiers once again. That is what we see now in the streets when we see a Vietnam vet and we tell them: Thank you for your serv-ice. Or whether they were in Afghanistan: Thank you for your service. b2015 It was Dr. King who first raised that issue. They told him to be quiet and to know his place. But like Dr. King told one of his friends at the time, he might have been politically unwise, but he was being morally wise, and that is what mattered. This year, in 2018, we must be morally wise. Dr. King’s life and legacy show us that doing right is rarely the same thing as doing what is easy. We, too, must persist. As we head into a consequential year when Americans will go to the polls, let us not lose sight of the fact that to protect and preserve Dr. King’s legacy demands that we protect and preserve our democracy from voter suppression, cybersecurity weakness, and foreign meddling. We must expand voting rights for all Americans. We must modernize our voting sys-tems. We must appoint an independent commission to investigate foreign med-dling into the electoral system before the 2018 Federal election. We must break down barriers to vot-ing, not build them. We must make registering to vote easier, not harder. We must ensure elections are com-petitive, not guaranteed. We must restore the right to vote, for felons who have served their prison sentences. We must end partisan gerry-mandering. We must protect the sanctity of our elections. We must restore the Voting Rights Act. Dr. King knew that it was impor-tant. As I go to my seat, I just want to thank my colleagues for their endur-ance. As ‘‘Amazing Grace’’ says: ‘‘I once was lost, but now am found.’’ Serving with these great people in the United States Congress has saved a wretch like me. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, we had the gentleman from the East. Now we will go to the West, to someone whom I have watched. She is an educator and is always teaching. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), who is from the Third Congressional Dis-trict. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman D
WIGHT  E
VANS , who hails from the Second Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. I thank him for leading us tonight. I also thank Con-gressional Black Caucus Chairman C
EDRIC RICHMOND for allowing us to come tonight. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in coming to the floor tonight to mark the 50th anniversary of the assassina-tion of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King. We have made progress in these past 50 years, but the legacy and exam-ple of Dr. King show us that much re-mains to be done. Although many marches and protests were met with violence, we had Dr. King and the women and men who stood with him, like our very own col-league and Congressional Black Caucus member, Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. As I listened to Congressman L
EWIS tonight—as I sit on this House floor and have the privilege and honor to call him a colleague and a friend—it re-minded me of his courage and how much more work we have to do. It was through these peaceful pro-tests, it was through their courage, it was through the power of the messages that they sent that they stood up against the establishment. Dr. King was able to bring the injus-tices felt by African Americans nation-wide to the forefront of American poli-tics. His work culminated in the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, where hundreds of thousands of indi-viduals of all stripes and communities came for a call to justice and equality for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.021 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH16 January 8, 2018 
It was on that day, August 28, 1963, when Dr. King gave one of his most powerful and famous speeches, that passionate speech, ‘‘I Have a Dream,’’ calling for the end of racism and the expansion of civil rights and economic rights. I am so proud that Mother Beatty’s mother, my husband’s grandmother, was an invited platform guest to wit-ness that speech. We have that picture in our office to remind us and to re-mind our children and grandchildren of the power of Dr. Martin Luther King and Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. With the emotions and the will of the march that it encapsulated in such powerful words, civil rights rose to the top of the agenda of reformers and fa-cilitated the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Still, Mr. Speaker, Dr. King’s work was not done. The next year, Dr. King helped to lead the Selma to Montgomery march. How proud I am that I was able to par-ticipate in the reenactment of that on its 50th anniversary. The march route spanned some 54 miles, from Selma, Alabama, to the State capital in Mont-gomery. The marchers were in response to the Southern States’ legislatures passing and maintaining discriminatory laws and practices over decades where it meant to deny, Mr. Speaker, African Americans across the State, across the South, the right to vote. What is our message? What is our message tonight? We are here because we are still walking in it. We are still fighting for civil rights and voting rights and eco-nomic rights. We are still fighting for equal pay for equal work. But we are not afraid. Mr. L
EWIS led us on this House floor in fighting for gun safety. We are not afraid because we are continuing the legacy of Martin Luther King. Lastly, let me just say that we must break this cycle of economic inequal-ity, racism, and poverty. We must stand up to the GOP and to President Trump, because when we look at this tax reform bill, it brings those injus-tices to economics and equality, a fi-nancial gain. So we are here tonight to say there is still a dream. There is still a stone of hope. Again, I thank my colleague for lead-ing us in this celebration and this trib-ute to Martin Luther King. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, thank my colleague for those eloquent words and those comments which were very succinct and provided a lot for us. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus for al-lowing me to have this opportunity to speak, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and January 9. Ms. C
LARKE of New York (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. D
EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of travel difficulties. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, January 9, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3579. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — TRICARE; Reimburse-ment of Long Term Care Hospitals and Inpa-tient Rehabilitation Facilities [Docket ID: DOD-2012-HA-0146] (RIN: 0720-AB47) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 3580. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone off Alaska; Shortraker Rockfish in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF761) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3581. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a Memo-randum of Justification for a drawdown under section 506(a)(2) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as amended, for Iraq assist-ance; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3582. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-214, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 772, S.O. 16-25615, Act of 2017’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3583. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-215, ‘‘Closing of Public Alley in Square 3594, S.O. 16-25309, Act of 2017’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3584. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-216, ‘‘Ward 4 Full-Service Gro-cery Store Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3585. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-217, ‘‘Lincoln Court Designation Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3586. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-218, ‘‘Union Market Tax Incre-ment Financing Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3587. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-219, ‘‘Office on African American Affairs Establishment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3588. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-220, ‘‘Advanced Practice Reg-istered Nurse Signature Authority Amend-ment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3589. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-222, ‘‘Public School Health Serv-ices Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3590. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-223, ‘‘D.C. Healthcare Alliance Re-Enrollment Reform Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3591. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-224, ‘‘Department of Health Care Finance Independent Procurement Authority Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3592. A letter from the Clerk, U.S. House of Representatives, transmitting a list of re-ports created by the Clerk, pursuant to Rule II, Clause 2(b), of the Rules of the House (H. Doc. No. 115—81); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 3593. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlan-tic; 2017 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 1206013412-2517-02] (RIN: 0648-XF493) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3594. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Ac-countability Measure-Based Closures for Commercial and Recreational Species in the U.S. Caribbean off Puerto Rico [Docket No.: 170126124-7124-01] (RIN: 0648-XF488) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3595. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper [Docket No.: 0907271173-0629-03] (RIN: 0648- XF492) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA7.022 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H17 January 8, 2018 
3596. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Coastal Migratory Pelagic Re-sources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2017-2018 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Western Zone [Docket No.: 160426363-7275-02] (RIN: 0648-XF735) re-ceived December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 3597. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fish-ery of the South Atlantic; Re-Opening of the Commercial Sector for Blueline Tilefish [Docket No.: 140501394-5279-02] (RIN: 0648- XF758) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3598. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2017 Commer-cial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Yellowtail Snapper [Docket No.: 100812345-2142-03] (RIN: 0648-XF465) re-ceived December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 3599. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Ac-countability Measures and Closure for Atlan-tic Migratory Group Cobia [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648-XF652) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3600. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial and Recreational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #12 Through #18 [Docket No.: 161222999-7413-01] (RIN: 0648-XF715) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3601. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Commercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Man-agement Group Retention Limit Adjustment [Docket No.: 150413357-5999-02] (RIN: 0648- XF501) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3602. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XF634) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3603. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pol-lock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XF509) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3604. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone off Alaska; ‘‘Other Flatfish’’ in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF580) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3605. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Alaska Plaice in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF579) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3606. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XF714) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3607. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF654) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3608. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pol-lock in the Bering Sea Subarea [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF614) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3609. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF756) re-ceived December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 3610. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; American Plaice Tri-mester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XF467) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3611. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Closure of the Elephant Trunk Flex Access Area to General Category Individual Fishing Quota Scallop Vessels [Docket No.: 161118999-7280-02] (RIN: 0648- XF409) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3612. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yel-lowfin Sole for Vessels Participating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Access Fishery in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF468) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3613. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Al-lowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XF586) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3614. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a draft of a bill to authorize a major medical facility project for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8104(a)(2); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOULTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2954. A bill to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–485). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 772. A bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarity certain disclosure require-ments for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; with an amendment (Rept. 115–86). Referred to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JA7.000 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH18 January 8, 2018 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 424. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue final rules relating to listing of the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–487). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
[Submitted January 3, 2018] By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself, Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. R OKITA ): H. Res. 675. A resolution condemning the Government of Iran for its violence against demonstrators and calling for peaceful reso-lution to the concerns of the citizens of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. [Submitted January 5, 2018] By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self and Mr. E
NGEL) : H. Res. 676. A resolution supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expres-sion, condemning the Iranian regime for its crackdown on legitimate protests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. [Submitted January 8, 2018] By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 4737. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require the air transpor-tation security programs established by air-port operators to contain certain elements; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 4738. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to provide complaint and burden of proof requirements for certain actions for breach of fiduciary duty; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 4739. A bill to provide dedicated fund-ing for the national infrastructure invest-ment program and the capital investment grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 4740. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on the deduction for certain taxes, including state and local property and income taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4741. A bill to require the Postmaster General to designate a single, unique ZIP code for particular communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 677. A resolution providing for a committee to notify the President of the as-sembly of the House of Representatives; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 678. A resolution to inform the Sen-ate that a quorum of the House has assem-bled; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 679. A resolution providing for the hour of meeting of the House; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. D UNN, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. M AST, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-ida, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. P
OSEY , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, and Mr. D
ESANTIS ): H. Res. 680. A resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of Keiser University and recognizing the university as a vital institu-tion of higher education, developing a di-verse student population that impacts nu-merous aspects of the State of Florida and the global economy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
159. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Texas, rel-ative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 31, urging the United States Congress to encour-age the U.S. Department of Agriculture to revise existing policies that promote the waste of water after an irrigated crop has been declared a failure; to the Committee on Agriculture. 160. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, rel-ative to a resolution memorializing the De-partment of Homeland Security to continue the Temporary Protected Status Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
[Submitted January 8, 2018] By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 4737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 4738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 4739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution: Congress shall have the power to, ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
[Submitted January 3, 2018] H.R. 1899: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4143: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 4453: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 4541: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 4610: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4734: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. B
ACON . H. Res. 349: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . [Submitted January 5, 2018] H.R. 184: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 669: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 807: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 850: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B
ACON , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 1010: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1046: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1156: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 1163: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1241: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1276: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 1651: Mr. G
OODLATTE and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1841: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 1953: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1972: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 2004: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2180: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2276: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2587: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2683: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2862: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3409: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3489: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3566: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3730: Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3980: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 4014: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 4052: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4058: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 4155: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 4392: Mr. A
BRAHAM and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4396: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4461: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 4547: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4712: Mr. M
ESSER . H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. J ACK-
SON LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 493: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H. Res. 653: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 661: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. P
ERRY . H. Res. 671: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. M CKINLEY . H. Res. 675: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M
EADOWS , and Ms. S TEFANIK . [Submitted January 8, 2018] H.R. 173: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 389: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 421: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 506: Mr. F
ASO, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and Mr. C RAMER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA7.007 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H19 January 8, 2018 
H.R. 535: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C URTIS , Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 548: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 757: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 761: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 807: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 850: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 975: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 991: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 997: Mr. L
ONG and Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska. H.R. 1065: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1153: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1227: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. L EE, Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1316: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1406: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1486: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 1676: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1823: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1841: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1861: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1957: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2004: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 2404: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2405: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2542: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2604: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 2620: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2740: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. I SSA. H.R. 2832: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. Smith of Missouri. H.R. 3045: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3274: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 3320: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3349: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. M CKIN-
LEY. H.R. 3666: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3730: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 3733: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3887: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4006: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4022: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4099: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4101: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 4124: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. Jordan, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. L
ABRADOR , and Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 4143: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4207: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 4240: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. N
EAL, and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 4253: Mr. B
EYER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 4433: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4505: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4509: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4516: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4518: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4547: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4608: Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4610: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4651: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 4706: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee. H.R. 4712: Mr. B
YRNE and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 4734: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mrs. D IN-
GELL . H.R. 4736: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mrs. N OEM. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H. Res. 46: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 58:, Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res..271: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 274: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 312: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 393: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 448: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 661: Mr. DEFAZIO. H. Res. 675: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 676: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. L
ATTA , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. C OOK, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. T
URNER , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. S CA-
LISE. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
74. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of the District of Columbia, rel-ative to Council Resolution 22-299, to ap-prove, on an emergency basis, the transfer of jurisdiction of U.S. Reservation 724 (Lots 896 and 897 in Square 620) from the United States of America, acting by and through the De-partment of the Interior, National Park Service, to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 75. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to Urging Congress to enact legislation that would end the Diversity Immigrant Visa Lottery pro-gram and the Chain Migration program for immigration to the United States and to re-place those programs with a merit-based pro-gram for persons seeking to immigrate to the United States, with a burden to dem-onstrate how that individual’s potential im-migration to the United States would benefit the United States.; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA7.013 H08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S49 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 2018 No. 4 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
ILL C
ASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, abide with us. When other helpers fail and comfort flees, strengthen our Senators with Your might. Provide them with a persever-ance that completes the task, a cour-age to face every fear, and a fidelity that brings glory to Your Name. Help them to live such exemplary lives that they will infect others with the con-tagion of love for You and country. Lord, give them the gentleness and symmetry to bring healing to our Na-tion and world. Whatever they do, may they do it for You, the Author and Fin-isher of our destinies. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 8, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ILLCASSIDY , a Sen-ator from the State of Louisiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. CASSIDY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 1 million Americans and counting will be starting 2018 with more money in their pockets, thanks to tax reform. Special bonuses are on the way for employees across a wide range of indus-tries. Businesses throughout America are taking advantage of more competi-tive tax rates and passing the savings along to their workers. As a result, em-ployees at companies from Visa and AT&T to Turning Point Brands in Lou-isville, KY, are seeing results. For working parents in Kentucky and all across the Nation, these bonuses and other permanent changes will make a big difference in family budgets. Of course, in just weeks, families will see the benefits of tax reform hit their paychecks. Lower tax rates will mean less money withheld for the IRS and more take-home pay for more hard- working Americans. I am particularly proud of the way this tax reform will benefit America’s farmers and ranchers. Later today, President Trump is delivering the good news at the annual conference of the American Farm Bureau Federation. Like so many States, Kentucky is home to a vibrant farming community. Throughout the legislative process, I heard family farmers loud and clear. They said: We need tax relief. That is what Congress delivered. Thanks to our once-in-a-generation tax reform law, it will be easier for farm families around Kentucky and around the country to invest in new capital equipment and recover their costs. According to the Farm Bureau Federation, 93 percent of U.S. farms file taxes through the individual code. They will benefit from the major tax relief we secured for passthrough busi-nesses. Especially important for farmers, this tax bill doubled the exemption from the death tax. It is the govern-ment’s final insult to make grieving families visit both the undertaker and the IRS at the same time. Now this burden will fall on fewer American farmers and ranchers. Thanks to the work of Senator R
OB-
ERTS , Senator H ATCH , and many others, we passed a tax reform bill that both the American Farm Bureau Federation and the Kentucky Farm Bureau enthu-siastically endorse, and now farming families throughout America will reap the benefits. 
f 
NOMINATION OF WILLIAM L. CAMPBELL, JR. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, later today the Senate will vote to advance the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., to serve as a U.S. district judge for the Middle Dis-trict of Tennessee. Mr. Campbell’s nomination is not controversial. Like the other three dis-trict court nominees before the Senate this week, he is well qualified. They are the kinds of nominees who, until recently, would have sailed quickly and smoothly right through the Senate. So why will their four nominations consume a week of the Senate’s atten-tion? Why do we need to file cloture on each, and then exhaust the full 30 hours of debate? The reason is that Senate Democrats are choosing, for partisan reasons, to make these nominations take as long as possible. Their goal is to waste the Senate’s time and prevent the President from promptly filling ju-dicial vacancies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.000 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES50 January 8, 2018 
Mr. President, 2017 was a historic year of partisan obstruction by our Democratic colleagues, even for uncontroversial judges who went on to unanimous or near-unanimous con-firmation votes. Our colleagues across the aisle used every possible procedural roadblock to delay and drag their heels. Now 2018 is, unfortunately, starting off the same way. Mr. Campbell is a Marine Corps vet-eran and a well-respected lawyer. His record is not partisan. His nomination was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee on a voice vote. I look forward to the Senate confirming him, albeit after our Democratic colleagues waste more of the Senate’s time. I implore our Democratic friends to turn the page on the needless obstruc-tion and permit the Senate to function smoothly so that we can attend to more of the people’s business. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on a final matter, in the next 11 days Con-gress needs to reach an agreement to fund the government. It is imperative that this agreement provide adequate resources for our men and women in uniform. Last week, leadership on both sides of the aisle ex-pressed hopes of working seriously and collaboratively on a solution that en-ables our Armed Forces to advance critical missions at home and abroad. At the same time, our Democratic colleagues persist in the notion that we should increase defense spending only if we increase nondefense spending by the same amount. As we lay the facts on the table, this political talking point simply doesn’t hold up. By now, we all know that the Budget Control Act hit defense spending much harder than it hit domestic spending. Since fiscal year 2013, to be precise, dis-cretionary defense spending has been cut by $85 billion more than discre-tionary nondefense spending. This might sound like an abstract distinc-tion, but it has very real, tangible con-sequences for our national security. These disproportionate cuts have re-duced the readiness of American forces to meet and address emerging threats. Our military leaders have explained this over and over and over again. Just months ago, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford, told our colleagues on the Armed Services Committee that over the last decade, ‘‘The U.S. military’s competitive ad-vantage against potential adversaries is eroding.’’ He cited budgetary insta-bility as a key reason. At the same hearing, Secretary of Defense Mattis added: ‘‘No enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than seques-tration.’’ ‘‘No enemy,’’ Secretary Mattis said, ‘‘in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than se-questration.’’ The men and women we trust to lead our military have made it abundantly clear that the status quo in defense funding, let alone the further insta-bility that would result from our fail-ure to reach an agreement, is handi-capping our servicemembers. In the next week and a half, let’s put aside partisan rhetoric and start heed-ing the warnings of our nonpartisan military leaders. Let’s give those who keep us safe the resources they need to do the job. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to mark a milestone no Senator can be proud of and a milestone every Senator should regret. That milestone is, it has now been 100 days since the Congress failed to extend full funding for the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. The Congress has always looked at this in a bipartisan way. This is for the millions of families, for kids who walk an eco-nomic tightrope with their families, the families who balance the rent bill against the fuel bill and the fuel bill against the grocery bill. I have to say, there was plenty of time in the last Congress to carry out the priorities of the multinational cor-porations. The people who are well con-nected, the people who are powerful re-ceived permanent, substantial, really massive new tax breaks, and yet the 9 million kids, including 80,000 in my home State who count on CHIP to stay healthy—what they received was a patch. They received something tem-porary. They received something that didn’t resemble the permanent, you- can-count-on-it tax relief the multi-national corporations were celebrating at the end of the year. It is a sad state-ment about the priorities of the Con-gress at the end of last year and one I hope we will move now in the bipar-tisan tradition of this program to pass on a permanent basis. The CHIP program was created in 1997 through a simple idea: No child, regardless of their income, family’s status, or geography should go without quality, affordable healthcare. It serves families who make too much to qualify for Medicaid but also don’t have access to affordable healthcare through their employer. A lot of these families go back and forth between CHIP and Med-icaid, depending on whether a spouse is out of work. CHIP covers all kinds of essential healthcare for kids from preventive services to dental checkups, to treat-ment for serious illnesses. For families across the country, that is peace of mind, that is the chance to go to bed at night knowing you aren’t going to get crushed by big medical bills in the morning. It means you don’t have to have those heartbreaking, right-before- bed conversations about what you are going to do for your sick child, and it doesn’t mean you have to just plan on the unexpected emergencies with no-where to turn. All of that is at risk be-cause of the ‘‘negligence’’ of this Con-gress, and I use that word specifically. I talked about the skewed priorities at the end of the year, but right now States are stretching their Children’s Health Insurance Program dollars to the breaking point. They are trying to make sure kids stay covered, and what we are faced with is termination no-tices going out. We have to prevent those termination notices for these families. As I said, Congress put a patch on all this, contrasting this to the permanent relief of the multi-nationals, and the Congress sent a small amount of money to the States to keep them afloat, but make no mis-take about it, it is not going to be long before bedlam sets in, once again, and there are real consequences for chil-dren and families. Now, I also want to note that I have been working closely with Chairman H
ATCH for months now to get CHIP across the finish line. Chairman H
ATCH  knows what it takes. He created this program with our friend Senator Rockefeller and the late, great Senator Kennedy. They demonstrated that kids’ health was an issue that tran-scends ideological lines, and our coun-try is the better for it today. Chairman H
ATCH and I made an agreement in September that extends full funding for 5 years, affirms key protections for kids and their families, and gives States certainty they can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.001 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S51 January 8, 2018 
count on to plan their budgets. I note that the leader, Senator S
CHUMER , is here. He has been very supportive of this bill. He sat next to me and Senator Rockefeller for years and is supportive of the children’s health program. The Hatch-Wyden bill passed with a strong bipartisan vote in the Finance Committee. Again, I am highlighting the priorities where there was time for the multinational corporations to get that permanent relief, but there wasn’t any time to put the CHIP bill—one that had only one vote in opposition in the Finance Committee—on the Senate floor. In the House of Representatives, they weren’t pursuing it like we did in the Finance Committee. They never could get past a purely partisan ap-proach, out of line with CHIP’s long, bipartisan history. Now, obviously after months of delay, it is time to act, and I want to wrap up with a quick comment about what is going to happen if you don’t move and move quickly. Just last week, the Congressional Budget Office announced that the cost of CHIP has plummeted from $8.2 billion to $800 million. That is because premiums in the individual market are set to sky-rocket after the repeal of the Afford-able Care Act’s coverage requirement in the Republican tax bill. Many of the families who currently count on CHIP will have to get their kids’ healthcare on the private market at a higher cost. As if Congress needed more reasons to act, the budget office has demonstrated what is now at stake for kids and their families who are counting on quick ac-tion for affordable healthcare. There is a long history, as I have noted, of the Senate working on the Children’s Health Insurance Program in a bipartisan way. We started build-ing on that tradition in the Finance Committee with virtual unanimity. Somehow at the end of the last Con-gress—and your priorities can always be illustrated with what you find time to do—there was time at the end of the year for the agenda of the multi-national corporations, but there wasn’t time for the youngsters and their fami-lies who walk an economic tightrope and depend every night, when they turn the lights out, on making sure there is a way to pay for healthcare if there is an emergency in the morning. I want it understood that we are working day in and day out now to quickly make sure kids and their fami-lies get the certainty and predict-ability they deserve. They deserve the kind of certainty the powerful got with the tax bill at the end of the year. So we are going to be on this floor until this critical legislation is passed. It needs to be passed quickly. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The minority leader is recog-nized. 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, my dear friend and I got to Congress in 1980, and I thank him very much for his leadership on the CHIP issue, as on so many other issues that pass through the Finance Committee, where he has done a terrific job. His caring for kids is unmatched, and he is a great asset to his State of Oregon, to this body, and to our country. We have 2 weeks until funding for the government runs out. Alongside our talks about extending government funding, we have also been engaged in serious bipartisan negotiations on a number of issues that should coincide with that deadline. We have to lift spending cuts, pass disaster aid, a healthcare package, reach an agree-ment to enshrine DACA protections alongside additional border security, and of course there is the issue of 702 as well. Those negotiations, though difficult, have been proceeding quite well. In fact, the four congressional leaders met with representatives from the White House last Thursday and had an en-couraging meeting. Unfortunately, fol-lowing that meeting, the White House issued a series of unreasonable de-mands entirely outside the scope of our ongoing negotiations about DACA and border security. It is part of a pattern of behavior on the part of this White House during sensitive bipartisan nego-tiations. Over the past year, the White House has much more frequently been a dis-ruptive force rather than a unifying force. To throw down a list from the hard-line wing of the White House at the last minute is not a very fortuitous or smart thing to do. I hope we can keep on the track that we were on because the issues we are facing are mounting, and a major deal requires dedicated, bipartisan effort. Democrats are going to keep working toward a global agreement with our Republican colleagues, one that lifts the spending caps for defense and ur-gent domestic priorities in tandem, that sends our men and women in uni-form the support they need, and that puts a downpayment on tackling the pressing issues here at home, such as combating the opioid epidemic, im-proving veterans’ healthcare, and shor-ing up pension plans. These are every bit as important as helping our troops. Our troops are extremely important, but we are a great country, and we don’t have to say: To help the troops, we can’t help the victims of opioid ad-diction. To help the troops, we can’t help the veterans who once were troops themselves. To help the troops, we can’t help working Americans keep the pensions they paid into year after year. All these folks want is to retire to a life of some degree of dignity. When the majority leader said this morning that he is not for parity, he is saying we can’t do both. He is telling victims of opioid addiction, many of whom are soldiers who have PTSD, and he is telling pensioners—some miners in his own State—and he is telling vet-erans who have to wait in line for healthcare that this country can’t do both, that we can’t protect our mili-tary, give them the funds they need, and deal with our domestic needs. When Donald Trump ran, he said that we have to pay more attention to America. What the majority leader is saying is that is not the case. So let no one be fooled. When the majority lead-er says he is not for parity, he is not for helping opioid folks to the extent they need, he is not for helping vet-erans to the extent they need, and he is not for helping pensioners to the ex-tent they need. We Democrats are there for both—helping the military and helping these folks here. Over the weekend, I was in White Plains, which is a suburb of New York City. I stood with a mother who lost her son to an opioid overdose. A moth-er should never have to bury her son, especially Stephanie Keegan, whose son Daniel was a veteran who served our country bravely in Afghanistan. He did very well in school but had a duty to country. He was in the intelligence unit for a while, he was so brilliant. But he came home, as some do, nerves shattered by war, struggling with a se-vere case of PTSD. Stephanie told me that her beautiful, brilliant son Dan-iel—I saw his picture; an all-American boy, if ever there were one—her son Daniel waited 16 months for treatment by the VA and died 2 weeks before his first appointment. ‘‘There are so many things that can be done to change this situation,’’ Mrs. Keegan said. She is right. We can make a real investment in combating the scourge of opioid addiction, putting real resources into treatment and re-covery, as well as interdiction. We can make a real investment in improving healthcare at our veterans hospitals so kids like Daniel don’t have to wait al-most a year and a half before they get the treatment they desperately need. And what about hard-working Ameri-cans who need pensions? Retirement is one of the things Americans worry about most these days. For years, Teamsters and miners and carpenters paid into pension plans week after week, month after month, year after year. They took a little less salary in their negotiations because they wanted to know that when it was time to re-tire, they could retire with some de-gree of dignity. No one is going to get rich on these pensions, but at least they are there and provide a little bit of a nest egg for people in their golden years. As they put the money in week after week, month after month, year after year, they were told: You may not become rich when you retire, you may not be able to buy luxuries, but at least you will have a life of dignity. Now those pensions may be stolen from millions in America, in this coun-try. These folks contributed to and earned every penny of their pensions. Are we going to shrug our shoulders and say: We can’t do that. Most Ameri-cans want us to do that; they don’t want it to be an either-or situation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.002 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES52 January 8, 2018 
Our colleagues would say: Well, that might increase the deficit. Don’t come talking to us about the deficit anymore when you put together a $1.5 trillion increase in the deficit, the majority of which went to big tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals and the biggest, fattest corporations in America. No more deficit talk from my colleagues here. When we Democrats ask for parity in budget agreements, this is what we mean: We mean opioids. We mean vet-erans’ healthcare. We mean pensions. We need to defend and support the middle class here at home just as we must protect America from her adver-saries abroad, which our military does so proudly and bravely. We agree that we need to support our military whole-heartedly, but we don’t think that is a reason to leave the middle class be-hind. So let’s do both. Let’s lift the spending caps equally for defense and these urgent domestic priorities. Our two parties can reach a deal like that, just as we can reach a deal to pass a disaster aid package that treats all States and territories fairly; just as we can have an agreement on a healthcare package that acknowledges the new realities of the healthcare markets, which were disrupted by Re-publicans when they repealed the man-date in the tax bill last year; and just as we can reach a deal on DACA—pro-tecting young people who were brought here as kids through no fault of their own—while at the same time making reasonable, appropriate, and smart in-vestments in border security—some-thing that in the past both Democrats and Republicans have supported. In conclusion, an agreement can be reached on all these issues. Nobody wants a shutdown. Nobody wants se-questration to come into effect for ei-ther the military or the domestic side of the budget. So let’s continue to work together. Let’s commit to work together in good faith to make progress on these issues and get it done before January 19. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Ohio. 
NATIONAL SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING  
PREVENTION MONTH  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, Janu-ary is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. In a re-cent proclamation, President Trump continued what President Obama had begun in making this the ninth annual year where we designate our first month of the year to awareness and prevention of trafficking, awareness and prevention of this crime against humanity. President Trump issued a call to ac-tion. The proclamation said, in part: 
Human trafficking is a modern form of the oldest and most barbaric type of exploi-tation. It has no place in our world. This month, we do not simply reflect on this ap-palling reality. We also pledge to do all in our power to end the horrific practice of human trafficking that plagues innocent vic-tims around the world. Amen. I commend the President for his strong stance, and I commend the U.S. Senate for the work we have done over the past several years, in a bipar-tisan way, to help combat trafficking. We made some progress. About 6 years ago, Senator B
LUMENTHAL —who will speak about this topic later on the floor—and I co-founded the Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking and legislation since that time to increase penalties on people buying sex from children; stop international trafficking by U.S. Gov-ernment contractors overseas; find missing children more quickly—the most vulnerable among us—by ensur-ing that their photographs and other identifiers are available; improve data on trafficking to find out what the problem is, where it is going; and, of course, change the paradigm—treat children who are exploited as victims rather than, as they have been treated over the years, as criminals. We have made some progress in these areas, but I have to tell you, despite these efforts and despite the increasing awareness of the fact that trafficking occurs right here in this country, in all of our States, we now know that one form, at least, of sex trafficking is ac-tually increasing in our country. Think about that. It is increasing in this country, in this century. What experts say when you ask them about it is that is primarily because of one reason; that is, the fact that the internet is being used to sell sex. By the way, doing it on the internet, it turns out, occurs with ruthless effi-ciency. Victims I have visited across Ohio tell me, including one this past Friday in Ohio: R
OB, it has moved from the street corner to the iPhone, from the street corner to the cell phone, from the street corner to the internet. There was discussion earlier from my colleague from New York about the role opioids play in causing harm in our society. Of course, the internet combined with opioids is deadly. The young woman I met with on Friday was one of those who had become addicted to opioids—in her case, fentanyl, which is an incredibly powerful, dangerous drug—and depended on her trafficker to be able to provide that. That is one form of dependency you see in sex traf-ficking. And again, online is where peo-ple are increasingly being bought and sold. This increase in sex trafficking is a stain on our national character. It is only Congress that has the power to stop it. There is one website— backpage.com—that is the leader in on-line sex trafficking. They have know-ingly sold underage girls online. I say that because we have done an inves-tigation, and we determined that. We now know from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children that backpage.com is involved in nearly 75 percent of all child trafficking reports the organization receives from the pub-lic. The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations, which I chair, along with then-ranking member CLAIRE MCCAS-
KILL and now-ranking member T OM C
ARPER , has conducted an extensive, 18-month investigation into online sex trafficking and specifically backpage.com. We found that backpage.com knowingly facilitated criminal sex trafficking of vulnerable women and young children. It coached the traffickers on how to edit adult classified ads to post so-called clean ads for illegal transactions, and then it covered up evidence of these crimes in order to increase its profits. All this was done at the cost of human suf-fering—and sometimes human life— with the sole purpose of increasing the company’s profits. In the fall, I testified on this issue in front of the Senate Commerce Com-mittee—about our legislation. With me at the witness table was Yvonne Am-brose, a mother whose 16-year-old daughter, Desiree, was found murdered on Christmas Eve 2016 after being sold for sex on backpage. Desiree’s death should never have happened—and neither should online sex trafficking of minors happen at all—but this tragic trend is com-pounded by the fact that backpage has evaded justice for its role in these trag-ic crimes. Courts across the country have consistently ruled that a Federal law—and this is why Congress has such a key role to play here—called the Communications Decency Act actually protects backpage and others from the liability they should have in sex traf-ficking. The Communications Decency Act is a well-intentioned law originally en-acted back in 1996, when the internet was in its infancy, and it was meant to protect third-party websites from being held liable for crimes that users might commit on those websites. Ironically, part of the original intention of the Communications Decency Act was to protect children from indecent mate-rial on the internet by holding liable users who send explicit material to children. Now this same law is being used as a shield by cynical sex traf-fickers who promote and engage in on-line underage sex trafficking with im-munity, thanks to this Federal law. Congress didn’t intend for this broad immunity in the law—I am convinced of that—but numerous courts across the country have made it clear that their hands are tied because of the legal precedent that has been formed. As the lawmaking branch of the Fed-eral Government, it is up to Congress to fix this injustice. No one else can do it. In the most blatant call for congres-sional action I have seen yet, in August of last year, a Sacramento judge cited the broad immunity provided by the Communications Decency Act in dis-missing pimping charges against backpage.com. The court opinion stat-ed: 
If and until Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law, the broad reach of Section 230 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.003 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S53 January 8, 2018 
of the Communications Decency Act even ap-plies to those alleged to support the exploi-tations of others by human trafficking. 
That is an invitation to Congress to act. It is clearly up to Congress to act. It is past time we update this 21-year- old law for the 21st century and allow victims who have had their most basic human rights violated to get justice against those who facilitate these crimes. We have an opportunity this month during National Human Trafficking Prevention Month to fix this. We can and we must. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, or SESTA, is a bill I introduced with my bipartisan colleagues—Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL , who will speak later this afternoon, and Senators J
OHN M
CCAIN, CLAIRE MCCASKILL , JOHNCOR-
NYN, HEIDIHEITKAMP , AMYKLOBUCHAR , and 18 other colleagues. As of this morning, that legislation has 64 co-sponsors. It is totally bipartisan, sup-ported by both sides of the aisle. It is popular: 64 out of 100 have already co-sponsored it because it will fix this in-justice with two very narrowly crafted changes to the Communications De-cency Act. First, it will allow victims to get the justice they deserve by removing the Communications Decency Act’s broad liability protections the judge dis-cussed, specifically for websites that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking crimes. Second, it will allow State attorneys general to prosecute these websites that violate Federal sex trafficking laws. These changes will hold bad ac-tors like backpage accountable while doing nothing to impair the free inter-net. In fact, they will protect websites that do not actively and knowingly en-gage in online sex trafficking. The ‘‘knowing’’ standard is a high bar to meet. The California attorney general, Xavier Becerra, testified at the Senate Commerce Committee about that this fall. He said: 
We have to prove criminal intent. We can’t win a prosecution unless we can show the in-dividuals we’re prosecuting, like Backpage, had the intent—the knowledge—to do what they’re doing. The legislation we have before you is very narrowly tailored. It goes only after sex trafficking. 
The Stop Enabling Sex Trafficking Act passed the Senate Commerce Com-mittee by a vote that was unanimous. It was bipartisan. It was unanimous, and the legislation has the support of an extraordinary coalition of law en-forcement organizations, anti-traf-ficking advocates, trafficking victims, survivors, faith-based groups, and even some major tech players, although some in the tech community continue to be concerned. This includes the Internet Association, which now rep-resents companies such as Facebook, reddit, Amazon, and others. It was en-dorsed by businesses, including Oracle, 21st Century Fox, Hewlett-Packard En-terprise, and the Walt Disney Com-pany. Other companies such as IBM and others have stepped up to support it. Last year, 50 attorneys general across this country wrote a letter call-ing on Congress to amend the Commu-nications Decency Act in the exact way we are proposing in this bill—50. Again, in the Senate, a bipartisan group of 64 Senators has now cospon-sored the Stop Enabling Sex Traf-fickers Act. Those 60-plus cosponsors are significant because 60 is how many votes we need in the U.S. Senate if there are objections to the legislation to be able to get it passed. We already have that many Senators who have now put their names down. They said they want to be part of the solution to this tragic problem. They want to stop this increase in sex trafficking that un-conscionably is happening in this coun-try in this century. So we shouldn’t wait any longer to pass this bill in the Senate. Every day we do, those who sell women and chil-dren will be allowed to continue that, continue to profit, and victims will continue to be denied justice. It is not an issue of politics or par-tisanship. It is about preventing exploi-tation and providing justice. I am hop-ing we can have a vote on this bill in the Senate this month, during National Slavery and Human Trafficking Pre-vention Month. This Thursday is Na-tional Human Trafficking Awareness Day. I urge the leadership to have the bill on the floor as soon as possible. We have every reason to act and no reason not to. These victims deserve justice, and Congress should help provide it. Pass-ing the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act is an opportunity. Thank you. I yield back my time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I don’t know whether it is four, five, or six, but some Senators would like to have colloquy on the issue of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, and I ask unanimous consent that we have that privilege. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. DACA  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues to offer remarks about the current status of the nego-tiations on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA Program, as it is known in the U.S. Senate. Unfortunately, this body still isn’t closer to a legitimate and fair deal that accomplishes two goals: First of all, to promote and protect the interests of the American people in a lawful immi-gration system and, two, provide a fair and equitable solution on DACA. Back in December, I introduced a bill, along with Senators C
ORNYN , T
ILLIS , LANKFORD , PERDUE , and C OT-
TON. The bill, with the acronym SE-CURE Act of 2017, was a product of months of discussion between this Sen-ator, these other Senators I just named, and the White House. Our plan, simply put, has five pillars. First, based on the hard work and leadership of Senator CORNYN , our bill provided real, robust border security by mandating the construction of tac-tical and technological infrastructure at the border. Second, our bill took meaningful steps to end the lawlessness of dan-gerous criminal aliens by cracking down on sanctuary cities, ending the misguided catch-and-release policies of the previous administration, and, fi-nally, taking steps to address inten-tional visa overstays. Third, our bill took steps to elimi-nate many of the ‘‘pull’’ factors that encourage people to immigrate ille-gally by permanently authorizing the E-Verify Program and by taking mean-ingful steps to reduce immigration court and asylum adjudication back-logs. Fourth, thanks to the leadership and advocacy of Senators G
RAHAM , PERDUE , and C
OTTON , our bill eliminated the phenomenon known as chain migration and made a major downpayment to-ward transitioning to a merit-based immigration system. Fifth, and finally, our bill provided a bipartisan solution to protect undocu-mented young people brought to the United States as children by adopting Senator D
URBIN ’s Bar Removal of Indi-viduals who Dream and Grow our Econ-omy—that has the acronym BRIDGE Act. Our plan was fair, serious, and bipar-tisan. Most importantly, it was and is pro-American. As I have continually said since the bill’s introduction, this group of Senators is ready and willing to negotiate with our counterparts in good faith and to find an equitable so-lution to the DACA situation that in-corporates our bill’s five pillars of re-form. I said negotiate. I had at least one Democratic Senator infer that I could not negotiate in good faith because I did not vote for the Gang of 8 immigra-tion bill in 2013. So, sadly, our good- faith offers have consistently been re-jected by Democratic leadership. In-stead, they decide to engage in a game of brinksmanship. So I ask several questions: Why doesn’t Democratic leadership nego-tiate with us? Because we refuse to simply pass what is referred to as the Dream Act, as is, with no proportional border security and interior enforce-ment majors. As the Democrats see it, it is take it or leave it, their way or the highway. This isn’t good faith, this isn’t negotiating, and that approach is doomed to failure. I have to ask: Why do my colleagues in the Democratic leadership refuse to even consider measures that would beef up border security and interior enforce-ment? Do they want people to continue to immigrate to this country illegally? Do they want sex offenders and human traffickers to continue to manipulate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.004 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES54 January 8, 2018 
our porous border and enter our coun-try unchecked? Do they want criminal illegal immigrants—people like Jose Zarate, who murdered Kate Steinle, or Eswin Mejia, who killed Sarah Root, to roam free in our country? Are they comfortable allowing criminal alien gangs like MS–13, whose motto happens to be ‘‘kill, rape, and control,’’ to con-tinue to terrorize immigrant commu-nities? I am assuming—in fact, I am hop-ing—the answer to all of these ques-tions is a resounding no. If that is cor-rect, then why does Democratic leader-ship refuse to discuss the border secu-rity and interior enforcement provi-sions in the SECURE Act? Despite the hysteria and the hyper-bole you may hear from pro-amnesty, open-border immigrant advocates, the SECURE Act does not contain draco-nian enforcement measures. If any-thing, our bill contains the common-sense security and enforcement meas-ures this body has been debating, dis-cussing, and considering for years. Our bill adds new Border Patrol agents, U.S. attorneys, and judges to make it easier to apprehend, prosecute, and deport illegal entrants and crimi-nal aliens. We authorize money for critically necessary port of entry and exit improvements so we can know who is here, how long they are here, and when they left—if they left. Our bill increases criminal penalties for human smugglers, these offenses that are committed by repeat offend-ers, often resulting in death, resulting in human trafficking, and including even sexual assault. We also increase penalties for criminal aliens who com-mit a crime of violence or a drug traf-ficking crime. Our bill makes clear that individuals who engage in acts of terrorism, crimi-nal gang members, aggravated felons, and drunk drivers are not admissible to our country, and makes it clear that they can be put into expedited removal if they somehow make it into our coun-try. Finally, our bill permanently author-izes the voluntary E-Verify Program, and it also provides incentives for em-ployers to participate in that vol-untary program. It doesn’t make E- Verify mandatory. It just provides em-ployers certainty by making the pro-gram permanent. I hope, as I described these things, they are seen as commonsense meas-ures. Why would my colleagues on the other side ever want to oppose those provisions? It wasn’t that long ago that many Democrats supported border se-curity and interior enforcement. I would like to list some quotes from re-cent Democratic Presidents who sup-ported some of these propositions. In his 1996 State of the Union Ad-dress, then-President Clinton cham-pioned his actions to crack down on il-legal immigration. He proudly noted his administration was ‘‘increasing border patrol by 50 percent . . . [and] increasing inspections to prevent the hiring of illegal immigrants.’’ In 2006, then-Senator, later President Obama spoke in favor of enhanced bor-der security and enforcement meas-ures. He acknowledged, even then, that ‘‘we need tougher border security, stronger enforcement measures . . . [we] need more resources for Customs and Border Agents, and more detention beds.’’ When speaking in favor of the Secure Fence Act, Mr. Obama said: It would ‘‘certainly do some good’’ and would go a long way in ‘‘stem[ming] . . . the tide of illegal immigration in this coun-try.’’ Do my colleagues no longer agree with former Presidents Clinton and Obama? Do they no longer believe we need to stem the tide of illegal immi-gration? My colleagues on the other side con-sistently talk about how DACA kids shouldn’t be used as bargaining chips for any potential deal. What about the innocent American citizens they are using as bargaining chips? What about the thousands of victims every year of crimes committed by dangerous crimi-nal aliens? Do the lives of these people not matter as well? Does the safety of these people, the happiness of these people, the well-being of these people deserve to be bargained away? This group of Senators whom I have named who are going to participate in this colloquy remain ready and willing to negotiate in good faith and to make tough sacrifices in order to find com-mon ground on this issue. Our counter-parts need to be willing to do the same. I am asking them, pleading with them, in all sincerity, to sit down and have an honest conversation. Let’s strike a deal that is fair to all, including to law-abiding Americans. Any deal cooked up by this poor man’s version of a Gang of 8 that doesn’t have real border security, doesn’t have real interior enforcement measures, and doesn’t have the other pillars of reform in the SECURE Act—well, it is pretty simple: That is no deal at all, and I will not support that. I yield the floor. I call on my colleague, the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. T
ILLIS . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from North Caro-lina. Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, before the chairman leaves the Chamber, I wish to thank him for his leadership as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He has done an extraordinary job of bringing people together to really come up with a solution to this prob-lem. This is a problem that has existed for years—almost two decades. The first DREAM Act was filed in 2001, I believe. It has been some 16 years, and they have failed to produce a result. Now, think that through. That was through President Bush, and it was through President Obama. It was actually at a time when, in 2009, not a single Repub-lican vote would have been necessary to pass the DREAM Act. Yet my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle could not produce a result. So we know we need to do something different. There are things in the Dream Act that we need to file and put into a bill. In fact, it was instructed into a bill that I and Senator LANKFORD and Sen-ator H
ATCH filed called the SUCCEED Act. It is a way to provide certainty for the DACA population, but it also needs to be paired up with reasonable border security provisions so that we get the broad base of support we need for en-during policy here. There are some people who are talk-ing about withdrawing from negotia-tions and trying to threaten a govern-ment shutdown to get something slammed into a year-end spending bill. But if you really care about the long- term certainty that we want to provide these young people who qualified under the DACA Program, the last thing you should do is to play politics and get something half baked into a provision that will always be a target of the next year-end spending bill. Why don’t we do something crazy and actually sit down, check our Members on the Re-publican side and the Democratic side who have extreme views on this issue at the door, and solve the problem. I have taken a lot of criticism after filing the SUCCEED Act because I had a lot of people who said that I was soft on immigration. Well, I respectfully disagree with some of my friends who are themselves Republicans and con-servatives, because I don’t think they have it right. I think that the young men and women who qualify under the DACA Program, who were brought to this country through the actions of their parents, through no fault of their own, deserve a respectful, compas-sionate, physically sustainable solu-tion, and certainty. I have been work-ing on it, and I have been taking the criticism ever since I filed the bill. I even had a congressional district in North Carolina censure me, saying, ‘‘shame on you,’’ for actually coming up with something that made sense. One thing that I said, though, when we filed that bill, is that what we did in the SUCCEED Act had to be paired with reasonable, sustainable border se-curity measures and interior enforce-ment measures—things that are impor-tant if we want to make sure that a decade from now, 15 years from now we are not back here again worried about a new DACA population that has come across the borders. I have had some people insisting that having a secure border is not compas-sionate, that it is unfair, but I would actually submit to my colleagues that not having a secure border is irrespon-sible. Talking about not being compas-sionate, allowing things to occur with an unsecured border—to me, having a secure border is a hallmark of compas-sion. That is a little bit of what I want to talk about. So let’s stipulate to that. Working with Senator D
URBIN —and, incidentally, Senator D
URBIN and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.006 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S55 January 8, 2018 
have been talking about this issue for about a year and a half—I knew that we were going to be here with the DACA Program and that we needed to work on it. So I reached out to Senator D
URBIN and said that I am willing to try to come up with something that makes sense, but we have to be willing to accept something different from all of the random ideas and come with a compromise. We made progress in terms of how to deal with the DACA population, but some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are un-willing to talk about the reality that we should also put into place, and pair with what we do for the DACA popu-lation, border security and interior en-forcement that makes sense. Back in February I spent about a week down along the southern border. I was on patrol boats on the Rio Grande. I was riding horseback in certain areas of the border. I was out in the interior area where enforcement actions are taking place every night. I spent a lot of time down there. One thing that struck me was some of the briefings that we received from border security. I am going to get to what I consider to be the most heartbreaking last. We want to talk about what is going on. We have people come to this floor— my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—and say: We must do something to address the opioid epidemic in this country. I agree. That is why I voted for the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I spoke on the floor sev-eral times as a first step toward trying to get a handle on something that is poisoning almost 60,000 people a year— killing them. They are dying from overdoses in this Nation. The reality is that the vast majority—and we will get to a slide in a minute—of those illicit drugs, including heroin and fentanyl and the other kinds of drugs that are extracted from opium and are killing people, are coming across the southern border. We simply don’t have the re-sources at our land ports and in the areas where drug smugglers cross ille-gally to stop them. The consequence of that in a State like North Carolina is that more people are dying from drug overdoses today than are dying from automobile accidents—about 1,400 a year. It is even worse in a number of other States. We were at a land port in Laredo, and they were saying that on any given day, millions of doses are probably get-ting through because they are con-cealed. They are hidden in trucks. They don’t have the capacity to in-spect every vehicle. So they are com-ing across this border ostensibly le-gally—obviously, through the legal process of entry—but carrying illicit drugs, and we are only capturing a fraction of them. A part of what we are proposing in this bill is additional re-sources to interdict more of those drugs, to make it less likely that some-body could come across the border by use of a pickup truck or by using backpacks full of poison that will ulti-mately get into the blood streams of people who will ultimately die—many of them, tens of thousands a year. That is a case—a compassionate case—for border security. This is the number that I was talking about earlier: 15,469 deaths in 2016 alone related to heroin. A lot of these are coming across the border. But only about 1.5 percent of all of the drugs that are estimated to come across the border are being seized today. How do you actually increase this seizure rate? You put the resources and authorities in place so that the Border Patrol and Customs and immigration resources down on the border can actually find them, and arrest, charge, convict, and incarcerate the people who are poi-soning the men and women and boys and girls in this country. There is also another thing, and this is something that when I was down on the Texas border just stuck with me. I was on a 7,500-acre ranch, which is real-ly, really small in Texas terms. I was talking with the ranch owner, who said that over the last 10 years, they had ac-tually recovered 100 bodies on this ranch alone. If you do the math, that means they are finding a person who has died trying to come to this country illegally about every six weeks on this small ranch. Over the past 20 years, we have had about 10,000 people die cross-ing the border, and about 1,000 of them are children. If we had a secure border, at least we would have the knowledge and the situ-ational awareness to know where these people are so that they don’t languish somewhere in the middle of nowhere after they cross the border or after they have paid somebody $1,000, $5,000, or $10,000, in some cases, to carry them across the border. Then, they leave them. They take them across the bor-der and then tell them that Houston is just a few miles away. Well, Houston is an hour-and-a-half plane ride away from where they cross the border. So we need border security for the protection of people who are making the poor decision to come across. If we have a secure border, it is much less likely that any of them will ever at-tempt to do it, except for the legal ones. Then there is the other thing that is happening on the other side of the border. The 10,000 people who have died over 20 years are those whom we have identified—I am sure there are many more who we didn’t—who were found on U.S. soil after crossing the border. One other thing I learned when I was down in Texas is about the criminal ac-tions and the criminal gangs, basi-cally—they call them plazas and car-tels—that basically run every mile of the border. If you pass through one of those plazas and you don’t pay the toll, you are likely going to die. In one case, there were 72 people who were mur-dered because the human smuggler failed to pay the plaza bosses the so- called toll when he was supposed to get them across the border. So they or-dered the execution of men, women, and children just to send a message. This is one of the many examples that we have. So there is no question in my mind that of the 10,000 people who have died over the last 20 years on American soil, there were probably thousands or tens of thousands or more who have died in the hopes that they could get across the border. If we have a secure border and if we work on our immigration systems, we can get for those parents and people who want to come to this country le-gally an opportunity to get here with-out harming themselves or harming their children. If that is not a compas-sionate case for a secure border, I don’t know what is. Now we are in the final stages of try-ing to negotiate a deal, and Chairman G
RASSLEY did a wonderful job of sum-marizing what we have proposed as a starting position for negotiation with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I hope they will be willing to come to the table and negotiate in good faith and recognize that their ap-proach over the last 16 years has failed. They promised the Dreamers a solu-tion, and they failed to deliver. They have failed to deliver under a Repub-lican administration. They have failed to deliver under President Obama, when they had supermajorities. We are not going to let them fail this time. Giving the DACA population cer-tainty, coming up with a solution that makes sense, getting a border that is secure, making sure that the poison that is coming across the border and killing tens of thousands of people a year is reduced, is, in my opinion, the scope that we need to negotiate to get to an agreement. If we have Senator D
URBIN , Senator B ENNET , and others who have negotiated portions of the immigration issue open their eyes to the broader opportunity to come up with a balanced policy that addresses the concerns on both sides of the aisle, we can be the Congress and President Trump can be the President who actu-ally solve this problem and, along the way, make it far less likely that it will be another problem for another Con-gress to solve 10 or 15 years from now and that, then, may take 10 or 15 years to solve. This will have an enduring impact. This will have a compassionate impact. This will provide certainty to the DACA population. This will allow me to go home and say: I did something meaningful to secure the border and protect our Nation. But we have to have people come together and nego-tiate in good faith. It needs to start this week, and we need to continue it until we come to terms. People need to be willing to com-promise and accept something less than perfect, because everybody’s per-fect conceptions of what we should do here have all one thing in common: They have all been resounding failures. They have been unkept promises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.008 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES56 January 8, 2018 
Along the way, our homeland is not as secure as it can be, and people are dying in the process. Hard-working people who are eligible for the DACA Program are uncertain about their fu-ture. So, again, I want to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY for his hard work and his leadership and willingness to engage. I want to thank the President. I was with the President for an hour and a half last week, along with Chairman G
RASSLEY and others. We are going to be meeting again in the White House tomorrow. Hopefully, we will be joined by our Democratic colleagues who have been invited to the meeting, and we will negotiate something that makes sense. Now is the time for us to deliver. The empty promises of the past are insuffi-cient. We need to provide an enduring solution, and an enduring solution is a fair solution for the DACA population and a responsible solution for border security. If we do that, I think we will look at this as something meaningful— something the Presiding Officer and I did when we came in here in 2015. We got tax reform. That is meaning-ful. We have been promising immigration reform forever. This is not all of it. We have more work to do. But this is a big first step, and it requires bipartisan-ship, compromise, and a genuine com-mitment to negotiate. I hope my Democratic colleagues will take the invitation seriously, come to the table, negotiate an agreement we can all be proud of, and we can give the certainty that we should give to the DACA population. I thank the chairman for the oppor-tunity to speak on this and for his con-tinued leadership on this issue. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, the Senator has been a leader on this with his separate piece of legislation for a long time. The next speaker is Senator C
OTTON ; after that is Senator L
ANKFORD . In the meantime, I yield the floor to my colleagues as I have a meeting to go to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I thank Chairman G
RASSLEY for his lead-ership on this issue and for offering the SECURE Act, which I and some of the other Senators have supported. I wish to continue this debate where Senator T
ILLIS left off. We have heard a lot today about the so-called DACA Program, Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals, and the negotiations in which we are currently engaged. Hope-fully, those negotiations will reach a solution that will satisfy all the par-ties and give certain legal protections to the DACA population. We have heard a lot today about bor-der security and the wall. I want to focus on one other element of a needed, negotiated solution, and that is chain migration—putting an end, once and for all, to chain migration. When you give legal status to an illegal immi-grant, that is a permanent change in law; it will never be reversed. There-fore, you can’t simply accept some win-dow dressing at the border—1 year of funding for demonstration or pilot projects. You have to have a perma-nent change in return for a permanent change, and an end to chain migration will be one of the most important per-manent changes to U.S. immigration law in 52 years. What is chain migration? Under the current law, which dates back to 1965, if you are a citizen, you can bring any one of your relatives to this country, not just your spouse and your unmar-ried minor kids—your nuclear family— but also your adult kids and their spouses and their children and your adult brother and your adult sister and your parents and then their siblings and so on and so forth. That is why it is called chain migration. Each person is a potential link in a never-ending chain. The vast majority of people who immigrate to our country legally every single year do so for the sole reason that they just happen to be related to someone who is already here. We have heard a lot of talk about the American dream in recent days—that we are a nation of immigrants; it is part of our core, and that is absolutely right. We are a nation of immigrants. We are a nation where blood ties are not supposed to dictate the path of your life, where you can fulfill your dreams. But we have an immigration system that does the exact opposite— an immigration system that favors the ties of blood, the ties of kinship, the ties of clan, and the ties of tribe. What could be less American than that? As a result, we have also had a mas-sive wave of low-skilled and unskilled immigrants, over the last 52 years. Today, of the million-plus immigrants who come here every year, only 1 in 15 comes here because of education, job skills, or a job offer. That means we have thousands and thousands of work-ers, with absolutely no consideration for what it means for the workers who are already here—the workers who are American citizens, who are earning a wage. In many cases, the most recent immigrants are going to face competi-tion from the next wave of unskilled immigrants, so we are putting down-ward pressure on their wages—the wages of people who work with their hands and work on their feet, who hold the kinds of jobs that require you to take a shower after you get off work, not before you go to work. Blue-collar workers have begun to see an increase in their wages over the last year for the first time in decades, and that is in no small part because of the administration’s efforts to get im-migration under control. But it is not enough to stop there. The real question is, who should our immigration system work for? It should work for the American people, the American worker. It should be crafted for their benefit, not for the benefit of foreigners. We should have an immigration system that fulfills the needs of our economy, that focuses on jobs and wages for American citizens here, whether your parents came over on the Mayflower or whether you just took the oath of citizenship last week. This is not some radical position. Lib-eral Democrats used to believe in that. I understand that in this debate most of the attention is focused on the popu-lation of about 690,000 illegal immi-grants who came here, through no fault of their own, as young children 15, 20, 30 years ago. I think the concern for them is very understandable. President Trump has shown it. My colleagues have shown it today. I share it as well. President Obama did them a real dis-service by unilaterally and unconsti-tutionally—therefore unsustainably— giving them legal status in this coun-try to work. President Trump did the right thing by recognizing that Presi-dent Obama lacked that authority and shouldn’t have put them in that posi-tion. But nobody in the Senate—I think I can speak for my other 99 col-leagues. Nobody is eager to see these people face deportation. Yet, at the same time, if we are going to give them legal status, we have to recognize that inevitably, as an operation of logic, there are two negative consequences that flow from that. You can say that you don’t mind them, but you can’t say that they don’t exist. First, as you have heard from so many others, you are going to encour-age parents from around the world who live in poverty, oppression, strife, and war to illegally immigrate to this country with their small children in hopes of giving their children Amer-ican citizenship sometime in the fu-ture. That is dangerous, and, in my opinion, it is immoral to offer those kind of inducements. Second, as I have explained, you will create a whole new category of Amer-ican citizens who can now get legal sta-tus for their extended families—to in-clude the very parents who brought them here in violation of law in the first place. As part of this debate, we have often heard the old line that chil-dren ought not to pay for the crimes of the parents. Well, if that is the case, can’t we at least agree that parents can pay for the crimes of the parents? They are the ones who created the situ-ation in the first place. President Trump has said, as I have noted, that he wants to protect the DACA population. But at the same time, he has said repeatedly: We must build a wall and secure our border and end chain migration. I agree that we have to build a wall on our border. I have to say, it is a little amusing to see how our Democratic colleagues have changed their tune on this point. First, they were complaining for weeks that the President hadn’t written a border security plan yet. They kept asking for a punch list. A punch list is what your contractor provides you when he is done building your home 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.009 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S57 January 8, 2018 
but not quite done with every single technical spec. The administration pro-vided that to them just last week. Now they are complaining that it is too expensive: It is outrageous, in the words from the Senator from Illinois. I want to point out that although the President’s proposal would cost $18 bil-lion—it is over 10 years, so $1.8 billion a year—the Senator from Illinois has proposed a naked amnesty bill that would cost $26 billion over 10 years. That is right; $18 billion is too much to secure our southern border to build a wall and provide more agents and buy more technology, but $26 billion to pro-vide more welfare for illegal immi-grants after they get amnesty is A-OK. I would also point out that a lot of Democrats supported the Secure Fence Act just over a decade ago—building over 700 miles the physical barrier on our southern border. Maybe I can pro-pose new grounds for starting negotia-tions. How about we simply agree as a baseline that we will fully fund the hundreds of miles of physical barriers that the Senate minority leader voted for just 12 years ago? They also supported the so-called Gang of 8 bill 5 years ago, which also would have built hundreds of miles of physical barrier on our southern bor-der. What has changed since then? All that being said, building a wall will help stop illegal immigration, but it will not fix all the problems to the law itself. That is why I have said, as the President has said, we also have to deal with that second consequence— ending chain migration. One trial balloon I have heard floated in recent days is that a negotiated piece of legislation could eliminate the immigration preference for the adult, unmarried kids of legal permanent residents, green card holders. That is perfectly fine. We should do that, for sure. But to act as if that alone would end chain migration is preposterous. It will delay a very small part of chain migration—only delay, only delay a very small part—about 26,000 of the more than 300,000 people who come here a year through family preferences. It doesn’t even touch the preference for the adult, unmarried children of citi-zens or parents or siblings of citizens and green card holders alike. In other words, once these young peo-ple in the DACA population become citizens, then they will be able to get legal status for their relatives, which means, far from stopping chain migra-tion, it will actually accelerate the naturalization process and the chain we are trying to stop in the first place. The time has come to end this fool-ish, unwise, and, indeed, dangerous pol-icy, as we saw just a few weeks ago in the most recent attempted terror at-tack in New York, which had at its ini-tiating point someone who had come into this country because of chain mi-gration. Not a single advanced, indus-trialized nation has such a lax immi-gration policy as we do when it comes to immigrant families—not Canada, not the United Kingdom, not France, not Germany, not New Zealand, not Japan. If we are actually going to fix this problem—if we are going to do right by the American worker, if we are going to promote the American dream and American ideals, then it is time for these mindless family preferences and chain migration to come to an end. I yield the floor, and I yield to my colleague from Oklahoma. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, it is an interesting conversation we can finally have about immigration. This has been that topic which has been dis-cussed for a while but not settled. For 20 years, this body has talked about solving some of our immigration issues. National security immigration hasn’t been a partisan issue until of late. Suddenly, when President Trump brings it up, we have a bunch of folks who used to be for border security but are now against border security be-cause President Trump wants border security—with some of the exact same ideas that have been in the Gang of 8 bill or were in previous versions or were even talked about with a secure wall or fence before. Almost every Democrat in this body voted for the Se-cure Fence Act of 2006. It is interesting to me the number of people who contact us saying: We do not want to build a wall. I have said: What about the 650 miles of wall that already exists and was put in place after 2006, which, by the way, President Obama, when he was Senator Obama, wholeheartedly supported and voted for? This is suddenly a partisan issue. I am trying to help our entire body take a step back and say: Immigration should be a humanity issue and a legal issue, not a political issue. I had a conversation with a friend of mine this weekend. We have known each other for years. He is a pastor. We started talking about the immigration issue. In that dialogue, he said to me: In the church, we look at every indi-vidual as an individual created in the image of God, and the church has a ministry to be able to reach out, re-gardless of legal status. Then he said, right behind it: But, in government, we understand there is a different responsibility. The church en-gages with every person equally, but the government has the responsibility of looking at laws—what is legal and what is not legal—and helping abide by those laws and enforcing those laws. He is correct. There is an issue of hu-manity in this. These are people caught in a system, and oftentimes those children in the DACA Program are caught in a gap in which literally they have no home country. They were brought as infants or as young children with a parent who violated the law but did so with a child who came in and has now lived in the country, in some cases 20 years, and they know only this coun-try. They are literally caught in the middle. While we have great compas-sion, we are walking this interesting balance between compassion for people, which we as a nation have, and also consistency with the law. The law ap-plies to every person. Whether you are the President of the United States or an undocumented individual who has come in, the law applies to everyone. What do we do with this? The first thing I think we need to do is take a deep breath and pull the politics out of this and to say border security—in fact, security as a whole is not a con-troversial issue. I will tell you, as a U.S. Senator, I have the privilege occa-sionally of going to do interviews. Let me give you an example. CNN has a great studio in Washington, DC. When you go to the studio in Washington, DC, you go through the front door of a big building. There is a security person there, and they will check your ID be-fore you go any farther. Not only will they check your ID, they make sure you are already preregistered to be there to visit with CNN because you can’t just walk in. You have to notify them ahead of time you are coming, even if you are the person being inter-viewed. Then, there is a physical bar-rier between you and the elevators. Once the security guard clears you, you go through the physical barriers, but you can’t go up the elevator be-cause the security guard has to clear you to actually go up that elevator and punch in a certain code to go up to the floor. When you arrive at that floor, you are literally in nowhere land be-cause everywhere around you are locked doors until someone comes in and clears you. You go to another secu-rity guard, and you sign in with that security guard, again check ID, and then you have an escort who takes you into the studio. That escort stays with you because as soon as your interview is done, they will smile at you and say: Your time is up. We are going to escort you out. It is a shame CNN has to do that, but they do because not everybody who walks through their doors means to do them no harm. There are some people who mean to do them harm, and it is right for them to keep that level of se-curity. For that level of security that we talked about for CNN, all of us see that as rational—unfortunate but rational. I would say to us as a nation, why is that rational at CNN headquarters, and it is irrational for us to be able to do the same thing with our own borders? Not everyone who crosses our border is there to help us. We can all admit, there are some individuals—a few thankfully—who do mean to cross our borders and do us harm. We should be aware of that. We have half a million people a day who legally cross our bor-der, our southern border, alone—half a million people a day who cross back and forth, who legally go through the system. They are doing commerce. They are visiting family. There are all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.011 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES58 January 8, 2018 
kinds of individuals who move back and forth through our gates legally every single day. We should ask the question: Why are half a million people moving through legally but yet there are thousands and thousands who are moving through illegally? What is the difference, and should we ask questions of some of those people? Should there be a physical barrier in some spots? We have seen some places like in Yuma, AZ, when there wasn’t a phys-ical barrier and there is a large city right on the border and someone would cross the border quickly, commit a crime, and move right back across the border. When a physical barrier was put in place a decade ago in Yuma, AZ, the crime rate dropped dramatically in that area. The physical barrier helped and did reduce crime. I have had people say, if you build a 30-foot wall, there will be a 31-foot lad-der leaning against it. That is true, but it slows them down and gives enough time in remote areas or in heavily ur-banized areas for people to be able to respond and be able to interdict those individuals. Walls don’t stop people. They slow people down so you can ac-tually do interdiction and ask: Why are you going over the wall rather than through the gates like half a million other people are doing today? Why is that happening? That is not unreasonable, but it has become heav-ily politicized. We need to step back and remove this from a conversation about Presidents and about political parties and move it back to some basic, commonsense things—things this Con-gress used to do with wide, bipartisan support—things like a physical barrier. There should be a wall in certain areas of the southern border that don’t have a wall right now. There should be areas of technology in other areas. There should be an area to have watch towers with cameras that are there. We should add some additional personnel. We are talking about 3,000-plus miles on our northern border, 2,000 miles on our southern border. That is a lot of terri-tory to be able to cover. Some of those areas don’t even have broadband access to it, so just getting information to the agents who work there takes a very long time or is unreliable. We do need to have some technology improve-ments in some of those areas. Should every part of our border have a wall? No, I don’t think so. It shouldn’t all have a wall, but in heavily populated areas, it probably should because that provides greater security, quite frank-ly, on both sides of the border. Some of it is even more simple than that. There are areas where there are large amounts of cane that is growing up in the Rio Grande River, and the Border Patrol agents can’t see on both sides of the river who is moving through because people can hide in the cane. Just eradicating the cane that is all through that area on the border, in the river area, would provide tremen-dous visibility. That would allow peo-ple to be able to see farther and, quite frankly, stop some of the drug move-ment and allow for more interdiction in those areas. It shouldn’t be that con-troversial. That should be common sense—adding technology, adding sen-sors, adding greater visibility, adding a wall in areas where a wall is needed, and in other areas that don’t need a wall, we don’t. That is not just the issue. Some of the issue is fixing loopholes in the law that get exploited. There are some in-dividuals who cross the border, and they know the rules. The coyotes in Central America who are actually hu-mans smuggling them all the way through Mexico and getting them to the border have told them exactly what to say. When they encounter a Border Patrol agent, they say: Say these words, and you will get access to asy-lum, whether they are true or not. The way it typically starts is, they say those words the coyotes have told them to say, and they actually get a quick hearing and what is called a no-tice to appear for another hearing, which is usually 2 or 2
1⁄2years later. They disappear somewhere into the American system, and we have no idea where they are. They are somewhere among 300-plus million Americans in some town, and we don’t know where they are. The vast majority of them never show up for the court hearings, but they have a piece of paper that says ‘‘notice to appear,’’ which also means they are given legal protections until that court date, and they can move around the country. That is a loophole in our system. It should be fixed. Nowhere else would they do that. Why do we do that? We allow ourselves to be exploited. There are some words and phrases that we need to be able to clean up in the law and some things that need to be done. Again, that shouldn’t be controversial. It should be security related. There should be some basic questions about how we are going to handle immigra-tion. We allow 1 million people a year to become citizens of the United States legally—1 million people a year. Yet the American system is also ignoring hundreds of thousands of others who are coming into the system illegally and pretending it is not happening. It is. For 20 years, this Congress has not paid attention to it. Say what you would like to about President Trump, but he is pushing this Congress to do something it has not done in two decades—deal with the issue of border security. This body will have to come to agreement on that. The House of Representatives will have to come to agreement on that, and the President will have to be able to sign it or it will be just another Executive ac-tion that will not last very long. If we are going to have lasting, real change in border security, it has to go through the legislative process. The President is pushing us to get that done before the first week of March. We had 6 months of time. Four months of that has already run out. It is time to get that document finished, to deal with the basic things the Presi-dent has asked for—border security, a legal status for those individuals who are in the DACA Program whom the previous President just put into de-ferred action status—that we will not arrest them, but they are in some sort of legal limbo in between. President Trump wants to have a permanent an-swer for all of those families. Dealing with things on border security, not just the wall but the other exceptions to it. The President wants to deal with the visa lottery, which is a system where the names of 50,000 people somewhere in the world are just randomly drawn out of a hat to be able to become Amer-ican citizens. Many of us said for a long time, that is a foolish way to do your immigra-tion system. Our immigration system should be based on what we need in America—what jobs, what locations— rather than randomly pulling names of people around the world out of a hat. I understand there are millions and mil-lions of people around the world who would love to be Americans, but in America, we want to be able to target those individuals who want to not just be Americans but want to be a part of us, not just culturally but economi-cally, to be part of the fabric of whom we are, to make decisions for ourselves as a nation, and to do it not just in our own policy but also our own immigra-tion policy. It is not too much to ask. There are basic things that should be done. Dealing with the DACA students who are literally caught in a place where they have no home is a compas-sionate thing to do, but along with our compassion, we also need to uphold the law. Those kids should not be held to account for what their parents did, but their parents should not have the same access to the American system of being naturalized as the kids do—only be-cause the parents did intentionally vio-late the law. They chose to break the law and bring their child with them when they did it. The child didn’t make that decision. Now they are growing up in a place where they have no country. They should have a shot at being in our Nation. I do not believe the parents of those kids—who broke the law—should have that same access to our system. That may seem heartless, but I will tell you, that is the balance we have to have between compassion for people and upholding the law; that the law does apply to all people. Maybe there is a way to do some other work permits or some other things that could be there, but access to citizenship should be reserved for those individuals who are upholding the law, not violating it. There are some DACA kids who have done some remarkable stuff, some DACA kids who are pretty amazing in-dividuals. I ask folks in Oklahoma when I am home, if I could identify for you 700,000 people somewhere around the world who speak English, who are excellent students, who have stood up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.012 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S59 January 8, 2018 
every day in their school and pledged allegiance to the United States of America, who are in our military al-ready, who are already working in our economy right now, are those the indi-viduals you want to reach out to and be part of that 1 million people a year who become citizens? I have yet to have someone tell me: No, that is not whom we are looking for. Everyone says: That is exactly whom we are looking for. I get to smile at them and say: They are already here. They just happen to have grown up in this country already, but they have no home and would love to call this one their home. I would like to give them the oppor-tunity to earn the ability to be natu-ralized—not automatic, to earn it—and go through the process, to get in line like every other person around the world, to get in line but not have to re-turn to their home country because they don’t know a home country, but get in line here to do it. There is a way to be able to do this. The President has been the first advo-cate for that. There is a way to be able to actually answer the problems we have dealt with for 20 years on border security so we don’t continue to have another DACA Program in 5 years, in 10 years, and over and over again as we are right now. Let’s solve it. Interestingly enough, in 2012, when President Obama announced the DACA Program, he made some pretty blunt, clear statements during that time pe-riod. One of them was, for individuals— this was in June of 2012—who are al-ready here, he set a date. He said: For those individuals, our Nation wants to provide an opportunity to not be ar-rested, and we will work on your sta-tus, but for any future individuals who cross our border, you will not have ac-cess to this program. That is President Obama who made that statement in 2012. While I have heard individuals say we should abide by the words of our Presidents, when President Obama made those state-ments to those kids in 2012, I would re-mind us as a nation, we should honor all of those statements, if we do any of those statements, including President Obama’s statements saying that this will end, and people who are crossing our border will be returned to their home country. As he announced publicly, there is a right way to be able to do immigration. Let’s do it the right way. We already receive 1 million a year. Let’s do it the right way, and you will find a very wel-coming United States of America. That is where I think we can go, and I hope in the days ahead we can finish out a negotiation and be able to resolve some basic things—not everything in immigration but at least the core issues of immigration and border secu-rity so we can resolve the issue not only for the kids in DACA but continue to be able to work on how we are secur-ing our Nation for the future. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, be-fore I turn to the main portion of my remarks, I wish to speak briefly on the situation in the Middle East. The protests across cities in Iran re-flect the failed leadership of a corrupt regime. The Ayatollah’s negligence in denying the basic rights of his own peo-ple is inexcusable. Instead of allocating resources to care for families in need, the regime has chosen to use what eco-nomic gains it has accrued through the Iran deal to fund terrorism and sec-tarian violence in Syria, Yemen, Leb-anon, and elsewhere in the region. I stand with the Iranian people in their demand for prosperity and freedom, and I call upon my colleagues in Con-gress to do the same. 
REMEMBERING THOMAS S . MONSON  
Madam President, I wish to devote the remainder of my remarks to hon-oring the memory of a dear friend, President Thomas S. Monson, a beloved leader whose love for God and his fel-low man defined a lifetime of selfless service. President Monson passed away quietly last week, with friends and family gathered by his bedside. Today, I join millions across the globe in mourning the loss of an ex-traordinary man whom, as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints, we have long looked upon as a prophet, seer, and revelator. I also wish to extend my deepest sympathies to President Monson’s family, espe-cially his children—Thomas, Ann, and Clark. Although we are saddened by President Monson’s passing, we take comfort in knowing that he has been reunited with his wife Frances, his life-long friend and eternal companion. President Monson was born in Salt Lake City in 1927 to G. Spencer Monson and Gladys Condie Monson. Growing up during the Great Depression, young Tom was greatly influenced by his par-ents, who taught him the importance of taking care of others. From an early age, Tom displayed a remarkable con-cern for the most vulnerable among us, and throughout his life, he showed that concern and worked on solving prob-lems for them. When Tom was just a boy, he had two beloved pet rabbits, to which he tended every day, but when he heard of a des-titute family in his neighborhood, a family so down on their luck that they had nothing to eat for Christmas din-ner, Tom did what few little boys would ever do: He gave his two pet rab-bits to his neighbors so they could have a nice Christmas meal. Yet, when little Tommy returned home to see his empty rabbit hutch, tears filled his eyes, but these were tears of gratitude for the joy he had felt in helping oth-ers. Selflessness, service, and sac-rifice—these would soon become the virtues by which Thomas Monson lived his life, and everybody who knew him knows that. Following graduation from West High School, President Monson at-tended the University of Utah, where he met Frances Johnson during his freshman year. Around the same time, he joined the U.S. Navy and served in the waning days of World War II. After the war, he graduated cum laude from the University of Utah with a bach-elor’s degree in business management. Shortly thereafter, he married Frances in the Salt Lake Temple. Following graduation, President Monson was hired by the Deseret News to work in the paper’s advertising de-partment. He worked in various posi-tions for the newspaper and eventually became the general manager of the Deseret Press. As he was just beginning his profes-sional career, President Monson was called at the exceptionally young age of 22 to be a bishop of a Mormon con-gregation. That hardly ever happens in the LDS Church. In this position, he was charged with leading a congrega-tion of more than 1,000 members. Then, at the age of 31, Tom was again called to a leadership position typically re-served for older men when he was asked to serve as president of the LDS mission in Canada and preside over a whole raft of young missionaries. When he was only 36, Tom was called as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, among the most influential positions in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In 2008, he was sustained as president of the church, overseeing the day-to-day operations of a faith with millions of followers. The church witnessed record growth during his tenure as president, with more than 2 million men and women joining the ranks of converts of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Whether as a prophet, as an apostle, as a mission president, or as a friend, President Monson simply took care of people. One particular story stands out among the rest. When he was a young bishop, there were 84 widows in his con-gregation. During the Christmas holi-day, he would visit each and every one of them, ensuring that they were all provided with a good holiday meal. Even after President Monson was re-leased as bishop, he continued to stay in contact with each one of these wid-ows—writing letters, making phone calls, and frequently visiting them in their homes. In fact, President Monson remained so close with each of these 84 widows that he eventually spoke at all of their funerals. That is a real record. President Monson’s example of inti-mate, individual ministry underscored what was most remarkable about his leadership. Although he presided over a church of millions, his focus was al-ways on the one. Although tasked with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.013 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES60 January 8, 2018 
making administrative decisions af-fecting thousands of people the world over, his lifelong commitment was to serving individuals in need. Although an expert manager, he was first and foremost a disciple of Jesus Christ, a man of remarkable kindness, unwaver-ing love, and preternatural empathy. President Monson was a servant first and a leader second. Endless are the stories in which he would drop every-thing, sometimes even leaving church meetings early over which he was pre-siding, to visit a grieving widow, bless a sickly child, or minister to a family in need. Both on macro and micro lev-els, President Monson was intimately involved in building up the Kingdom of God, and he was perhaps the greatest living example of Christ’s admonition to find the one lost sheep who has gone astray and take him back to the fold. Of President Monson’s boundless charity, Elder Joseph B. Wirthlin once said: 
Tom has given everything to [those in need], including the shirt off his back. I mean it! I’ve seen him give away his suits and his shirts and his shoes. 
President Monson was among the greatest men I have ever known. Serv-ice was his motto and humility his hallmark. Countless were the lives he touched as a prophet, father, and friend. He emulated Jesus Christ in every particular, helping all of us draw closer to God by drawing all of us clos-er to each other. I am so grateful for the life of my dear friend and for the example he left for everyone to follow. He was a friend of mine. He showed me great friendship and at times stood up for me. I will never forget one time he leaned over to me and said: ‘‘I vote for you.’’ That meant so much to me. All I can say is that having his vote was very impor-tant to me. The man was one of the greatest men I have ever met on this Earth—a man of humility, a man of ef-fort, a man of distinction, a man of love and compassion, a man who really knew how to work with other people, a man who loved his fellow men and women, a man who worked in a con-secrated manner all the days of his life for Jesus Christ and his ministry. I am going to personally miss him. I believe that his imprint on not just the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints— commonly nicknamed the Mormon Church—but around the world is going to be very difficult to ever forget. God bless the remaining family. I hope everything will go well with them. I intend to attend the funeral if I can and hopefully lend whatever I can to honoring one of the greatest men I have ever met in my life, and I have met a lot of really great men and women. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. Mitch McConnell, Deb Fischer, John Bar-rasso, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Tom Cotton, Chuck Grass-ley, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Mi-chael B. Enzi, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, Pat Roberts, Todd Young. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 89, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 2 Ex.] YEAS—89 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Risch Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—10 
Alexander Corker Cruz Donnelly Isakson McCain Perdue Roberts Tester Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 89, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Texas. 
NATIONAL SECURITY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this last weekend I had the honor of going to Camp David with Members of both the House and the Senate to meet with the President and Vice President and mem-bers of his Cabinet to talk about the prospects for 2018. After a very success-ful 2017, we are now looking forward to what sort of legislation we can do on a bipartisan basis that will help us build on those successes of 2017. Many of these are domestic priorities, but, of course, others are national security in nature. Our internal strength, of course, af-fects our diplomacy and military effec-tiveness abroad, and where we were lo-cated, at Camp David, actually dem-onstrates that. It was, after all, the site for secret talks to negotiate the Camp David Accords, historic peace agreements signed by Israel and Egypt in 1978. What happened on American soil ultimately changed the global landscape, and it wasn’t the only time. Over the years, Camp David has come to represent peace. It is a place where leaders put aside their differences to look to avoid conflict. Nonetheless, today we have to admit, given the global environment, that peace is imperiled. We have recently seen that in Iran, where the largest wave of protests in more than a decade have revealed widespread discontent not only with Iran’s economy but also as a result of the actions taken by its military, which has supported Hezbollah and other terrorist organiza-tions around the world. As a matter of fact, Iran is the No. 1 state-sponsor of international terrorism, which is one reason why many of us blanched at the idea of releasing money to Iran as part of the joint agreement on Iran’s nu-clear program—money that they could then plow back into their support for organizations like Hezbollah and their aggressive support for terrorist organi-zations generally. Last week the Trump administration imposed sanctions on five entities tied to Iran’s ballistic missile program. Ap-parently, Tehran continues to care more about funding its terrorist prox-ies across the Middle East than sup-porting its own citizens, and frustrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.014 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S61 January 8, 2018 
Iranians rightfully have said: Enough already; we are not going to take it anymore. As Secretary Mnuchin said last week, here in the United States we shouldn’t ‘‘hesitate to call out the [Iranian] re-gime’s economic mismanagement, and diversion of significant resources to fund threatening missile systems at the expense of its citizenry.’’ The Sec-retary is exactly right. Meanwhile, the situation in North Korea remains precarious. That coun-try—and I say this unequivocally— must denuclearize. That is why I re-cently introduced a resolution with many of my colleagues here in the Sen-ate. The purpose of the resolution is to expressly declare that Congress is uni-fied in its condemnation of the increas-ingly hostile and intransigent behavior of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Since Kim Jong Un took power 6 years ago, he has ordered at least four nuclear tests, including the September detonation of what his regime—and outside experts generally agree—said was a hydrogen bomb. Despite great efforts made by the United States, including a recent Exec-utive order by the President, North Ko-rea’s history as a bad-faith negotiator continues unabated on the world stage. It obstinately violates diplomatic norms and human rights at will and was recently redesignated, itself, as a state sponsor of terrorism. The resolution I referred to a mo-ment ago asserts that the United States, as well as the United Nations Security Council and our regional al-lies, should continue to implement the absolute strictest of sanction regimes in an effort to get the regime’s atten-tion and hopefully bring them to the table as part of this path forward to-ward denuclearization. We must con-tinue to exhaust every reasonable dip-lomatic option necessary to achieve the complete, verifiable, and irrevers-ible dismantlement of North Korea’s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs. Our resolution also recognizes that the President has the constitutional responsibility to protect the United States and our allies, but it emphasizes that congressional authorization is necessary prior to committing U.S. forces to a sustained military oper-ation on the Korean Peninsula. In other words, under the Constitution, the President has his responsibilities and duties, and Congress has its re-sponsibilities and duties, and this reso-lution recognizes both. We look for-ward to working together closely with the President in a unified front this year to confront North Korea, as well as rogue actors elsewhere. President Trump, we know, does not take our national security threats lightly. He has a world-class national security team, with General Mattis, Secretary Tillerson, and Director Pompeo, just to name three. In an im-portant speech last month, the Presi-dent outlined the four pillars of his ad-ministration’s national security strat-egy. He said the first pillar is to protect our homeland. We can’t secure our Na-tion if we can’t secure our own borders, and we can’t secure our borders unless we confront, both at home and abroad, the threat of terrorism and ideologies bent on doing us great harm. Second, the President said that we need to promote American prosperity because the only way we are going to be strong militarily and at the home-land is if we have the resources and economy to pay for it. Economic growth at home is critical for our in-fluence around the globe as well. We, of course, took a big step in this direction by passing tax reform last month, but a lot more needs to be done to continue to grow our economy and to return America to its historic prosperity—like updating and not scrapping the North American Free Trade Agreement and other trade agreements, for example, and rebuilding our national infrastruc-ture, which was also on the agenda at Camp David this weekend. The President’s third pillar of the na-tional security strategy is to preserve peace through strength. We usually at-tribute that concept to Ronald Reagan, but of course he is not the first or the last to recognize the joinder of peace and strength. President Trump said in his speech that ‘‘weakness is the surest path to conflict, and unrivaled power is the most certain means of defense.’’ I think he is exactly right—which means we have to end the defense se-quester that started with the Budget Control Act of 2011. I supported our ef-forts to rein in discretionary spending, but the fact is, only about 30 percent of the money that the Federal Govern-ment spends is actually appropriated, and a little more than half of that is defense spending. I simply cannot in good conscience agree to continue those budget caps for defense spending without considering the increase in risks to our men and women in uniform and our country’s national security generally. We have to continue to mod-ernize our military, which we started last year by reauthorizing the Defense Authorization Act. Fourth, the President’s strategy as-serts that we have to advance Amer-ican influence in the world through strong alliances and by championing our core values without apology. As the President said: 
A nation that does not protect prosperity at home cannot protect its interests abroad. A nation that is not prepared to win a war is a nation not capable of preventing a war. A nation that is not proud of its history cannot be confident in its future. And a nation that is not certain of its values cannot summon the will to defend them. 
I couldn’t have said it any better my-self. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. CHIP AND COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today marks a sad and, frankly, shock-ing day for too many of America’s chil-dren and hard-working families be-cause it has now been 100 days since funding for the Children’s Health In-surance Program and community health centers expired. History has shown us that there is a whole lot that can get done in 100 days. It took Thomas Jefferson only 17 days to write the Declaration of Independ-ence; the brave allied forces who land-ed on D-day advanced through France and liberated Paris in only 80 days; and Congress managed to pass 15 major pieces of legislation during President Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s first 100 days in office. Yet, here we are, 100 days past the deadline of September 30, and Congress still hasn’t managed to pass long-term legislation to reauthor-ize what we call CHIP—the Children’s Health Insurance Program—and to fund our community health centers. We have a strong bipartisan bill fund-ing CHIP, which was passed out of com-mittee. I give our chairman and rank-ing member kudos for working to-gether. I was proud to work with them. It came out of committee with only one ‘‘no’’ vote and has waited and wait-ed and waited on the floor of the Sen-ate. Senator B
LUNT and I have a bipar-tisan bill to continue funding commu-nity health centers, and 70 Members of the Senate have signed a letter sup-porting long-term funding for commu-nity health centers, which expired Sep-tember 30—100 days ago. Right now, we are in a situation where 9 million children and their par-ents don’t know what is going to hap-pen long term. As soon as this month, 100,000 children and their families in Michigan have begun to get letters say-ing that their children will lose cov-erage, and they are trying to figure out what is going on. Imagine being a parent who is work-ing hard. A lot of folks I know are working two jobs, trying to hold it to-gether. You don’t have health insur-ance; you earn too much for your chil-dren to be able to get Medicaid health insurance, so the Children’s Health In-surance Program is your lifeline. It is your lifeline. It gives you peace of mind to know that if your daughter falls and breaks her arm or your son gets a cough that won’t go away, you can take them to the doctor. What if those children have some-thing worse than a broken arm or a cough? What if they are diagnosed with type 1 diabetes or asthma or cancer? Just imagine being that parent and getting a letter which says that your child may no longer have health insur-ance. It is not necessary. This is not necessary. We could do this tomorrow. If we thought it was important enough to bring it to the floor, we could get a vote—and I believe it would be over-whelmingly bipartisan—tomorrow if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.020 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES62 January 8, 2018 
there were a sense of urgency, an un-derstanding, about how these parents feel and how these children feel. So what would you do if you got that letter? Would you tell your kids? You don’t want them to worry about it. What would you do? I believe hard- working families—and we are talking about working families, people with jobs, working—deserve better. Then we have community health cen-ters that serve 25 million people across the country, including 300,000 veterans and 7.5 million children. Our health centers are doing a phenomenal job. At more than 260 sites across Michigan, our health centers are serving 681,000 people, including about 13,000 Michigan veterans. This month, health centers that were supposed to receive a new 12-month grant are only getting a small amount of funding to get them through the next few weeks, not knowing what is going to happen again. By June, Michi-gan’s community health centers will lose over $80 million in funding, and over 99,000 patients will lose care. Last month, I had the opportunity to visit two of our great Michigan com-munity health centers, each of their networks operating more than one site—Hamilton Community Health Network in Flint and Western Wayne Family Health Centers in Inkster. Like clinics across Michigan, these centers are serving literally thousands of Michigan families every day—people of Michigan who don’t have medical care for one reason or another. Now those thousands of people are at risk of hav-ing no place to go if they get sick or if they need preventative care so that they don’t get sick. Hamilton Community Health Net-work will run out of funding in April, and Western Wayne Family Health Centers will not get their full funding this month. They were asking me: Should they lay people off? How should they be planning for their centers? What should they be doing? That means 15,500 people are won-dering what will happen to them if they or their children get sick or slip on the ice—which there is a lot of in Michigan—and sprain an ankle. Felicia knows what it is like to live under that cloud of fear. She wrote me a letter indicating that in 2011 she was an AmeriCorps volunteer serving in Lansing and didn’t have health insur-ance. When she started feeling tired all the time and losing weight, she went to the Center for Family Health in Jack-son, MI, another great center. The Cen-ter for Family Health, which served 29,000 patients in 2016, will run out of funding in March if we don’t act. Felicia was diagnosed with stage 4 Hodgkin’s lymphoma—pretty scary stuff. The Center for Family Health helped her get her health coverage through Medicaid and care from the University of Michigan, including chemotherapy and later a stem cell transplant. Felicia wrote me: Now I am feeling awesome, I am cancer- free, and I am working part time while I am finishing up college. I feel that I owe my life to the Center for Family Health. 
Felicia knows the importance of community health centers; one in Michigan saved her life. People like Felicia and children who are covered by the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which we call MIChild in Michigan, shouldn’t have to wait a day longer. They are counting on us to get this done. It has been 100 days of uncer-tainty that did not have to happen. Let me say that again. We have a bi-partisan bill reported out of the Fi-nance Committee. The House has re-ported their version. There is no reason we can’t immediately put a 5-year ex-tension on the floor of the Senate. Senator B
LUNT and I and our cospon-sors of our bill have always assumed that once CHIP came to the floor, we would be adding in community health centers, for which there is strong sup-port, and we would be able to get this done. People would know that their neighborhood health center is there. Their children can go to the doctor in-stead of sitting for hours in the emer-gency room. They would be able to see their doctor if they got sick. It has been 100 days since funding has expired for community health centers and chil-dren’s health insurance. That is 100 days too many. I have been coming to the floor every week to say: Let’s do it today. Let’s do it tomorrow. We don’t have to wait and hold them as bargaining chips in some bigger appropriations negotiation. These are families. These are kids. These are people who want to have con-fidence in us that we will do our jobs. This one can get done. It could have gotten done before the holidays. What a great Christmas present that would have been. It can get done now. On behalf of the 25 million people who use those community health cen-ters, the 9 million children and their parents who use the Children’s Health Insurance Program, I call on all of us to have the sense of urgency and the leadership—the leader—to bring this up. We can get it done in a day. We would all feel good about it because it would be something we would be doing together instead of having these fami-lies wait and wait. Mr. President, before yielding, I want to acknowledge our newest Senator, Mr. J
ONES , who is here, and thank him. Even as he was in his happiness, and rightly so, on the evening he found out he was going to be the next Senator, he mentioned CHIP. In listening to that acceptance speech, it did my heart good to know that children’s health in-surance was at the top of our newest Senator’s mind at that important time, and it is a pleasure to see him on the floor this evening. I believe the Senator from Arizona is here. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. DACA  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, over the past couple of months, we have seen a lot of effort with regard to immigra-tion reform and in particular to ad-dress the situation of the so-called DACA kids, the Dreamers who were brought here through no fault of their own and are now protected—many of them—through the DACA Program. But those protections will run out on March 5. In fact, some have lost their protections already. So there is a great impetus and urgency to deal with this program. I have said from the beginning that in order to establish a long-term reso-lution and to provide regulatory cer-tainty, a true DACA fix must be a bi-partisan solution. Over the past year, the two big items this Chamber and the Congress have dealt with—healthcare reform and tax policy—have been done under rules of reconciliation, meaning that if we could get a bare majority of Republican votes, that would be enough, if we could keep all the Repub-licans together. That is no longer the case with our approach to DACA. We are not under rules of reconciliation. It will require 60 votes, meaning that only a bipartisan solution will do. That is why I have been working on such a measure with my Republican and Democratic colleagues in Congress, as well as the White House. As I have said repeatedly, on this issue, I believe that the President’s in-stincts are better than some of the ad-vice that he gets. I truly believe that he does want a solution for these young immigrants. I hope we can get there. We will have a meeting tomorrow at the White House—a bipartisan meet-ing—to try to get a little farther down the road. Let me stress that a lot of words that are highly charged are thrown around this immigration debate. No word is perhaps more highly charged than the word ‘‘amnesty.’’ That has been thrown around by a number of my colleagues. I would suggest that is not the case here with the DACA kids. Amnesty, by definition, is an unconditional pardon for a breach of law. I don’t think a child who was brought across the bor-der by the parents has committed a violation of the law—not the child; cer-tainly the parents but not the child. To provide relief for those kids and to allow them to stay in the only country they know I don’t think should be called amnesty. Yet that highly charged word is often used. To suggest that anyone pursuing a bipartisan solu-tion is proposing amnesty I think is misleading, and it sets back the cause of trying to fix the situation. A proposal that we are drafting—this bipartisan group—offers a pathway to citizenship for only a specific group of young immigrants—as I mentioned, those who were brought here through no fault of their own. These are immi-grants who are serving in the military, who are seeking education, who are holding good jobs. They will be re-quired to continue to do so before they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.021 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S63 January 8, 2018 
can have a chance to earn citizenship. As for the parents of these young im-migrants, nobody can deny the fact that they did break the law, and any bipartisan proposal on DACA cannot and will not reward them for this be-havior. I agree with the President when he said that dealing with DACA is a very difficult subject but that we must do so with heart. I believe that has been the case for those in this Chamber who have tried for 16 years to get a solution for these kids. We have to prioritize border security measures, obviously, to determine which ones are sensible to include in a DACA measure. We will go beyond sim-ply dealing with these DACA kids with some border security measures, but we have to find out which ones are sen-sible and make sense to include in this limited measure and table those that should be considered for the future. I have been part of comprehensive immigration reform efforts in the past. I look forward to being part of com-prehensive immigration reform efforts later this year, but this is not that. We have a very specific purpose to achieve before the 5th of March. The commit-ment we got was to have a bipartisan bill on the Senate floor by January 31. I believe we need to have that in order to have enough runway to get this done by March 5. The White House, after much urging on our part, finally sent a list over as to what should be considered part of the border security plan. As I men-tioned, many of these items need to be addressed. Maybe all of the items need to be addressed, but they need to be ad-dressed as part of a larger, more com-prehensive effort, not the limited fix we are going to do before March 5. I am all in when it comes to comprehensive immigration reform. I look forward to that debate. But we have to understand that we can’t do it all before March 5 if we are going to protect these kids. Some will say: Well, we get to March 5, if we can’t do it, then we just kick the can down the road again with some other protection. I think the courts have made it clear that what was done prior to this—the DACA Program itself—was not con-stitutional, and should we simply say we are going to extend that program now, it would be found unconstitu-tional by the courts. This is a real deadline, and we have to meet it. We have to focus specifically on protecting these DACA recipients. I think Repub-licans, Democrats, and the President all want this. The question is, Are we going to, just over the next couple of weeks, talk about bigger, broader issues that need to be dealt with but have no chance of being part of legisla-tion? In 2013, I participated in what was called the Gang of 8. We negotiated for 7 straight months nearly every night. We were in Washington. We as Mem-bers negotiated—and our staffs did as well—much longer hours and into the weekends. Then we brought that piece of legislation to the Judiciary Com-mittee, where we debated it for a cou-ple of weeks. I think we amended it more than 100 times. Then we brought it to the House floor for another couple of weeks and amended it several more times before passing it by a vote of 68 to 32. That was a long process—hard- fought compromises in that legislation. To suggest that we can go through a similar effort in the next couple of weeks—it simply isn’t going to happen. The list the White House brought for-ward is simply something that we ought to consider for comprehensive reform but not for this specific fix. With regard to the border itself, we all know that we need additional infra-structure on the border. I represent Ar-izona. We have some 375 miles of bor-der. Some of the border has good bar-riers in terms of fences. The closest thing we have approximating a wall is these old landing strips from World War II that we put on their end and ce-mented in. They are opaque. You can’t really see through them. We have them in a number of the communities along the border. We have been taking them out because they are not very effective and putting fences in place of them be-cause we need to have visibility to the other side of the border. Most of what the President is talking about along the southern border is a fence. We do need more fences. In the Gang of 8 bill, I think we authorized 700 miles of additional and improved fenc-ing. Nobody is suggesting we don’t need additional infrastructure or bar-riers on the border. The question is, How much do we provide for it in this legislation? The President has made a request in the budget for about $1.6 billion for the coming year. I think that will result in about 74 miles of fence between Texas and California. I think that is a good place to start. How much we authorize going forward will be very much in de-bate. I know that during the campaign, the President talked long and hard about building a wall, but every time he men-tioned building a wall, he talked about Mexico paying for it. We all know—and many of us knew at the time—Mexico was not going to pay for that wall. They are not. That is why the Presi-dent is asking for $18 billion of U.S. taxpayer money to fund that wall. To suggest that the President hasn’t changed his position and that we are dealing with a proposal that we have known was coming from the White House simply isn’t true. It has changed. The President initially said that Mexico would pay for it. That is not the case. The U.S. taxpayers are going to pay for any infrastructure on the border. That is as it should be. If we are putting up the border fence, we ought to pay for it. To suggest that no-body has changed their position is sim-ply not true. Deals like this where you need 60 votes necessarily involve compromise. No party, no individual is going to get everything they want. The White House will not get everything they want. The Democrats in Congress will not, and neither will the Republicans. This will be a compromise. I am simply suggesting tonight—let’s get real about the time involved be-tween now and when we have to fix this and not think that we can simply kick the can down the road and put in some temporary fix, some kind of bridge later that will protect these kids. Those protections will run out on March 5 and may be done at that point. Let’s get serious. Let’s all get serious, Republicans and Democrats, and not come to the table with unrealistic ex-pectations about what can be done and what can be part of this legislation. Let’s have something that we can put on the Senate floor by the end of the month to leave sufficient time to get this fixed by March 5. I hope we can all work together on this, Republicans and Democrats. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to talk about another matter that will be before us in the days ahead. It should not be before us as it should have been done many months ago. In fact, if you want to count it by days, it should have been done about 100 days ago, as we have heard. That is the Children’s Health Insurance Program, known by the acronym CHIP. Most Americans know what the CHIP program is. It is a program that be-came Federal law a little more than 20 years ago in order to provide an oppor-tunity for healthcare for those families whose incomes were a little bit too high, maybe, to have their children en-rolled in Medicaid but those families did not have their children’s healthcare paid for by their employers. You had a lot of families—a lot of middle-income families or families near middle in-come—who were caught in between and didn’t have opportunities for healthcare. So CHIP was passed. For the most part, it was bipartisan. All of these years now—decades later—it re-mains bipartisan, but it is not reau-thorized. Probably, the only two num-bers I will get into tonight are 9 and 180. What do I mean by that? I will start with Pennsylvania. So ‘‘180’’ means 180,000. That is the number of children, roughly, who were enrolled in the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program as of December of 2017. If you look at it over the course of a year—of children becoming eligible and then maybe moving off of CHIP to some other insurance or having other changes—in Pennsylvania, roughly, in the last year, 340,000 children benefited, at one time or another, but the month-ly number was 180,000 children just in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.023 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES64 January 8, 2018 
Pennsylvania, and ‘‘9’’ was representa-tive of the 9 million children across the country who were enrolled in CHIP. When we have all of these debates about what has to get done in the next couple of days and between now and the middle part of January, I hope that 9 million number will be uppermost in people’s minds. Included within that are 180,000 children in Pennsylvania. This is really not about a number or a program. It is about real people, real people’s lives. Every Member of the Senate has a constituent he could tell a story about or hundreds, if not thou-sands, of stories. I will just tell one to-night about a mom whom I met not too long ago, just about a week ago, Jennie Sheeks. Jennie is from Upper Makefield, PA. That is Bucks County, Southeastern Pennsylvania, just north of the city of Philadelphia. Jennie told us about her son Kam-au. Kam-au is 8 years old, and he is en-rolled in the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. His brother and his sis-ter have special needs and are Medicaid beneficiaries. So, in one family, you have an example of one child, thank-fully, benefiting from the CHIP pro-gram and then two other members of that same family benefiting either from CHIP or the Medicaid Program. Thank goodness those programs are in place. Without CHIP and Medicaid, Jennie said her children would be unin-sured because, even though both Jennie and her husband work full time, cov-ering the whole family on her plan is too expensive. This is another example of working families who depend upon these pro-grams for their children. They need these programs. These programs aren’t theoretical. They aren’t some far-off Washington debate about timing and leverage and negotiations and back- and-forth. This is about their real lives right now. As I said, the CHIP program should have been reauthorized 100 days ago, and it is inexcusable that it is not being done now. We all left here right after the tax vote. Everybody went back to his home State and, I am sure, had a great holi-day season. Unfortunately, even though there was a little bit of a patch—a tiny, little patch made for this program—a lot of people left here with no worries at all and went back to their States and communities and neighborhoods, where there were a lot of other people worrying about whether they were going to get the kind of cov-erage for their children they should have a right to expect. Back to Jennie and her son. What are they going to do without the Children’s Health Insurance Program? I cannot imagine—and few Senators or House Members can imagine—how Jennie and her son will get from here to there without having the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I cannot imagine what it must be like for Jennie to worry about how she will pay for her son’s care if he loses CHIP coverage. No parent should have that kind of stress in his life when there is an existing program that covers 9 million kids that should be reauthorized. When he was a public official, my fa-ther used to talk about people who had led lives of real struggle. We have all known them in our lives—people who have to work every day just to make ends meet in order to provide for their families and get through another day, another week, another month, another pay period. He used to refer to those Americans as leading ‘‘quietly trium-phant lives.’’ My father’s words for those who struggle—‘‘quietly trium-phant lives.’’ There are a lot of families out there who lead very difficult lives, and they depend sometimes on the Children’s Health Insurance Program or Medicaid or some other program just to get through another week, and I think about Jennie and parents like her who have to overcome so much to help their children—to love them, to care for them, to protect them, and to educate them. Even the most loving, caring, hard-working, and dedicated parent cannot provide the protections and the care health insurance coverage and quality healthcare can provide, the kind of quality healthcare from profes-sionals that comes to that child be-cause he or she has the protection of health insurance. Those parents—no matter how much they work, no mat-ter how good they are to their chil-dren—sometimes cannot provide some-thing as basic, obviously, as healthcare and, of course, the insurance coverage that makes it possible. We have legislation ready today, the KIDS Act, that is bipartisan. It has al-ready moved through the Finance Com-mittee unanimously. I don’t think there was a single vote against it. If there was, it was not that loud a vote. I hope we can make these children a priority in the coming days, finally, at long last. There were a lot of deals made in the tax bill, a lot of numbers moved around to get the tax bill done. I understand that is part of any legislation, but if a tax bill can get done in the U.S. Sen-ate, we can certainly have a vote to get the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram reauthorized now that it is 100 days old. I see the distinguished majority lead-er is here so I will wrap up tonight with the words of Jennie’s son Kam-au: 
I was happy when I got health insurance because I knew I could go to the doctor if I got hurt or sick. When I didn’t have health insurance, I was a little worried . . . I think we should keep CHIP going so we can stay healthy. 
No better words were uttered or spo-ken about the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program than Kam-au’s, an 8- year-old, who said CHIP should stay in place so we can stay healthy. I agree. The American people agree. Let’s get CHIP done. I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:15 p.m. tomorrow, all postcloture time on the Campbell nomination be considered expired and the Senate vote on con-firmation of the Campbell nomination with no intervening action or debate; finally, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent due to a flight can-cellation out of my control when the Senate voted on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 370. On this vote, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Cal-endar No. 370.∑ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
MACOMB COUNTY, MICHIGAN, BICENTENNIAL ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I am proud to pay special tribute today to the people of Macomb County, MI, who are celebrating their county’s bicen-tennial this year. The people of Macomb County sym-bolize the history, sacrifices, and char-acter of people all across our country who have helped create the American middle class. They represent America’s diverse history of immigrants coming to this country to find the American dream. When it comes to hard work, the people of Macomb County are sec-ond to none. The county’s rich history has created a resilient people who put family, faith, and community first in their lives. Macomb County was founded on Jan-uary 15, 1818. Located on the shores of Lake St. Clair, the county is named in honor of General Alexander Macomb, a veteran of the War of 1812. The county was the third county founded in Michi-gan and, today, is Michigan’s third most populous county. Macomb County is known for its in-novation and impressive manufac-turing might. It is a backbone of the American automotive industry. Fiat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.024 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S65 January 8, 2018 
Chrysler, Ford Motor, and General Mo-tors employ more than 35,000 people and operate 10 facilities in Macomb County. There are more than 1,600 manufacturers in Macomb County em-ploying more than 69,000 individuals. I am so proud to represent these hard- working Michigan workers. The county is also an important de-fense hub for both Michigan and the United States. It is home to Selfridge Air National Guard Base, which was es-tablished in 1917 and, today, is home to operations of all branches of the U.S. military, as well as several Department of Homeland Security agencies. In the 10 years immediately following Sep-tember 11, 2001, approximately 3,816 Michigan Air National Guard airmen from Selfridge deployed to locations around the world. Macomb County is also home to the Detroit Arsenal, the first ever mass-production tank plant in the United States and a vital part of our Nation’s ‘‘Arsenal of Democracy’’ during World War II. The Detroit Arse-nal now hosts the headquarters of the U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Center, called TARDEC, and the U.S. Army Tank-automotive and Armaments Command, or TACOM, Life Cycle Man-agement Command. Numerous events and celebrations are planned in the county throughout this year to mark this special histor-ical milestone. Congratulations to the people of Macomb County on 200 years of distinguished history. We all look forward to many years of prosperity and success in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3866. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sector Key West COTP Zone Post Storm Recovery, Atlantic Ocean, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1067)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3867. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Mamala Bay, Oahu, HI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0982)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3868. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Savannah River, Savannah, GA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0977)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3869. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River, Marcus Hook, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0935)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3870. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River, Pipeline Re-moval, Marcus Hook, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1053)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3871. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Humboldt Bay Bar, Eureka, CA, Noyo River Entrance, Ft. Bragg, CA, and Crescent City Harbor Entrance Channel, Crescent City, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0042)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3872. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Atlantic Ocean, Rehoboth Beach, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1028)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3873. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Port of Ponce Turning Basin, Bahia de Ponce, Ponce, PR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1034)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3874. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; City of Oswego Fireworks Dis-play; Oswego River, Oswego, NY’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0990)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3875. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Delaware River; Pipeline Re-moval’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–1011)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3876. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River, Pipeline Re-moval, Marcus Hook, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1053)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3877. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Nan-ticoke River, Seaford, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0162)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3878. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Rey-nolds Channel, Lawrence, NY’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0048)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3879. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Lake Washington, Seattle, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0976)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3880. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Upper Mississippi River, IA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0561)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3881. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Jamaica Bay, Queens, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0595)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3882. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Atlantic Ocean, Ft. Lauderdale, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0552)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3883. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Mavericks Surf Com-petition, Half Moon Bay, CA’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0427)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3884. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Gulf of Mexico; Engle-wood, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.018 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES66 January 8, 2018 
USCG–2017–0598)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3885. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safety Program’’ (RIN2130–AC71) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 14, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3886. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireless Telecommunication Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting , pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Accelerating Wireless Broadband Deployment by Removing Bar-riers to Infrastructure Investment’’ ((FCC 17–153) (WT Docket No. 17–79)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3887. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireless Telecommunication Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting , pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Use of Spectrum Bands Above 24 GHz for Mobile Radio Services; Sat-ellite Operations in the 27 .5–28.35 GHz and 37.5–40 GHz Bands, etc.’’ ((FCC 17–152) (GN Docket No. 14–177; IB Docket No. 15–256; WT Docket No. 10–112; and IB Docket No. 97–95)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3888. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2014 Quad-rennial Regulatory Review - Review of the Commission’s Broadcast Ownership Rules and Other Rules Adopted Pursuant to Sec-tion 202 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, etc.’’ ((FCC 17–156) (MB Docket No. 14– 50; MB Docket No. 09–182; MB Docket No. 07– 294; MB Docket No. 04–256; and MB Docket No. 17–289)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3889. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Bridging the Digital Divide for Low-Income Consumers; Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization; and Telecommunications Carriers Eligible for Universal Service and Support’’ ((RIN3060– AF85) (FCC 17–155)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3890. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Accelerating Wireline Broadband Deployment by Remov-ing Barriers to Infrastructure Investment’’ ((FCC 17–154) (WC Docket No. 17–84)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3891. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propenoic acid, 2-methyl-, dodecyl ester, polymer with 1-ethenyl-2- pyrrolidinone and a-(2-methyl-1-oxo-2- propen-1-yl)-w-methoxypoly(oxy-1,2- ethanediyl); Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9970–94) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–3892. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Phenylethyl acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9970–03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry.; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–3893. A communication from the Attor-ney, Office of the General Counsel, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Infla-tion Catch-Up Adjustments of Civil Mone-tary Penalty Amounts’’ (RIN0510–AA04) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3894. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), per-forming the duties of the Assistant Sec-retary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port on the mobilizations of selected reserve units, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–3895. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘TRICARE; Reimbursement of Long Term Care Hospitals and Inpatient Rehabilitation Facilities’’ (RIN0720–AB47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3896. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to an Inventory of Contracted Services; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3897. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘The Consumer Credit Card Market’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3898. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3899. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Comp-troller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3900. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Financial Stability Over-sight Council 2017 annual report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3901. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Community Reinvestment Act Regula-tions’’ (RIN3064–AE58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 3, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3902. A communication from the Acting Director for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on College Credit Cards; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3903. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Commerce’s Bu-reau of Industry and Security Annual Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3904. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnitsky Act Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 584) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3905. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions, Clarifications, and Technical Correc-tions to the Export Administration Regula-tions’’ (RIN0694–AH31) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3906. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Emer-gency Mergers—Chartering and Field of Membership’’ (RIN3133–AE76) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3907. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to ter-rorists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3908. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3909. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Reserve Bank Capital Stock’’ (RIN7100–AE68) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3910. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules Re-garding Availability of Information’’ (RIN7100–AE65) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3911. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.004 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S67 January 8, 2018 
Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemp-tion Threshold’’ (RIN7100–AD87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3912. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending (Regulation Z)’’ (RIN3170–AA67) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3913. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consumer Leasing (Regulation M)’’ (RIN3170–AA66) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3914. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Entities to the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AG29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3915. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commu-nity Reinvestment Act Regulations’’ (RIN7100–AE84) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3916. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Legal Division, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure (Regulation C) Adjustment to Asset-Size Exemption Thresh-old’’ (12 CFR Part 1003) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3917. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Legal Division, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) Ad-justment to Asset-Size Exemption Thresh-old’’ (12 CFR Part 1026) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Export-Import Bank. *Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Dep-uty Director for Management, Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2282. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to modify venue requirements relating to bankruptcy proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accel-erate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treat-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 552 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 552, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Elec-tronic Fund Transfer Act to provide justice to victims of fraud. 
S. 774 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 774, a bill to address the psychological, developmental, social, and emotional needs of children, youth, and families who have experienced trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1520, a bill to expand rec-reational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1674 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1674, a bill to provide grants for the re-pair, renovation, and construction of public elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, to establish a school infrastructure bond program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. S. 1873 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1873, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2009 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2009, a bill to require a background check for every firearm sale. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2032, a bill to make certain footwear eligible for duty-free treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Sen-ator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as cosponsors of S. 2144, a bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet specified eligibility requirements. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2152, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and for other purposes. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2236, a bill to require covered dis-crimination and covered harassment awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered discrimination and covered harassment complaints, and for other purposes. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2272 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2272, a bill to amend the Revised Statutes to grant State at-torneys general the ability to issue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.006 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES68 January 8, 2018 
subpoenas to investigate suspected vio-lations of State laws that are applica-ble to national banks. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2282. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to modify venue requirements relating to bankruptcy proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2282 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bankruptcy Venue Reform Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) bankruptcy law provides a number of venue options for filing bankruptcy under chapter 11 of title 11, United State Code, in-cluding place of incorporation, principal place of business and assets, or where an af-filiate has filed a case under chapter 11; (2) the wide range of permissible bank-ruptcy venue options has led to an increase in companies filing for bankruptcy outside of their home States, or the district in which their principal place of business or principal assets are located, a practice known as forum shopping, and has resulted in a con-centration of bankruptcy cases in a few dis-tricts; (3) bankruptcy forum shopping prevents small businesses, employees, retirees, credi-tors, and other important stakeholders from fully participating in bankruptcy cases that will have tremendous impacts on their lives, communities, and local economies, and de-prives district courts of the United States of the opportunity to contribute to the develop-ment of bankruptcy law in their jurisdic-tions; and (4) reducing forum shopping and manipula-tion in the bankruptcy system will strength-en the integrity, build public confidence, and ensure fairness in the bankruptcy system. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to prevent the practice of forum shopping in cases filed under chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. VENUE OF CASES UNDER TITLE 11. 
Title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking section 1408 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 1408. Venue of cases under title 11 ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘principal place of business’ means, with re-spect to a person or entity that is subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d)), the address of the principal executive office of the person or en-tity as stated in the last annual report filed under that Act prior to the commencement of a case under title 11 by the person or enti-ty, unless another address is shown to be the principal place of business by clear and con-vincing evidence. ‘‘(b) V
ENUE .—Except as provided in section 1410, a case under title 11 may be commenced only in the district court for the district— ‘‘(1) in which the domicile, residence, or principal assets in the United States of an individual who is the subject of the case have been located for the 180 days immediately preceding such commencement, or for a longer portion of the 180-day period than the domicile, residence, or principal assets in the United States of the individual were located in any other district; ‘‘(2) in which the principal assets or prin-cipal place of business in the United States of a person or entity, other than an indi-vidual, that is the subject of the case have been located for the 180 days immediately preceding the commencement, or for a longer portion of the 180-day period than the principal place of business or principal assets in the United States of the person or entity were located in any other district; or ‘‘(3) in which there is already pending a case under title 11 concerning an affiliate that directly or indirectly owns, controls, is the general partner, or holds 50 percent or more of the outstanding voting securities, of the person or entity that is the subject of the later filed case if the pending case was prop-erly filed in that district under this section. ‘‘(c) LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b), no effect shall be given to a change in the ownership or control of a person or entity that is the subject of the case or its affiliate, or to a transfer of the principal assets or principal place of business of a person or entity that is the subject of the case or its affiliate to an-other district, that takes place— ‘‘(A) within 1 year before the date on which the case is commenced; or ‘‘(B) for the purpose of establishing venue. ‘‘(2) P
RINCIPAL ASSETS .—For the purposes of subsection (b)(2) and paragraph (1) of this subsection, principal assets do not include cash or cash equivalents. ‘‘(d) B
URDEN .—The person or entity that commences a case under title 11 shall bear the burden of establishing by clear and con-vincing evidence that venue is proper under this section.’’; and (2) by striking section 1412 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 1412. Change of venue ‘‘Notwithstanding that a case or pro-ceeding under title 11 is filed in the correct division or district, a district court may nev-ertheless transfer a case or proceeding under title 11 to a district court for another dis-trict or division, in the interest of justice or for the convenience of the parties. If a case or proceeding under title 11 is filed in the wrong division or district, the district court shall transfer, dismiss the case or pro-ceeding, or, if it be in the interest of justice, transfer the case or proceeding under title 11 to any district or division in which it could have been brought. The court shall enter an order on any objection to or request to change venue of a case or proceeding under title 11 not later than 14 days after the filing of such objection or request.’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1869. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. W ICKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1425, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1869. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. W
ICKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1425, to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, and for other pur-poses; as follows: On page 58, strike lines 1 through 4 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $40,200,000, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, which shall be used— (1) to fulfill the purposes set forth in sec-tion 12302 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601); and (2) to support activities identified in the annual coordinated National Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System budg-et developed by the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee and submitted to Con-gress. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, January 8, 2018, at 5:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Di-rector for Management, Office of Man-agement and Budget, and Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspec-tor General, Export-Import Bank. 
f 
RAISE FAMILY CAREGIVERS ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3759 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3759) to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.013 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S69 January 8, 2018 
The bill (H.R. 3759) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COORDINATED OCEAN MONITORING AND RESEARCH ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 265, S. 1425. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1425) to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coordinated Ocean Monitoring and Re-search Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purposes. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observa-tion System. Sec. 5. Financing and agreements. Sec. 6. Reports to Congress. Sec. 7. Public-private use policy. Sec. 8. Repeal of independent cost estimate. Sec. 9. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 10. Reports and research plans. Sec. 11. Strategic research plan. Sec. 12. Stakeholder input on monitoring. Sec. 13. Research activities. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
Section 12302 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12302. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subtitle are— ‘‘(1) to establish and sustain a national inte-grated System of ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes observing systems, comprised of Federal and non-Federal components coordinated at the national level by the Council and at the re-gional level by a network of regional coastal ob-serving systems, and that includes in situ, re-mote, and other coastal and ocean observation and modeling capabilities, technologies, data management systems, communication systems, and product development systems, and is de-signed to address regional and national needs for ocean and coastal information, to gather specific data on key coastal, ocean, and Great Lakes variables, and to ensure timely and sus-tained dissemination and availability of these data— ‘‘(A) to the public; ‘‘(B) to support national defense, search and rescue operations, marine commerce, navigation safety, weather, climate, and marine fore-casting, energy siting and production, economic development, ecosystem-based marine, coastal, and Great Lakes resource management, public safety, and public outreach and education; ‘‘(C) to promote greater public awareness and stewardship of the Nation’s ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes resources and the general public welfare; ‘‘(D) to provide easy access to ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes data and promote data sharing between Federal and non-Federal sources and promote public data sharing; ‘‘(E) to enable advances in scientific under-standing to support the sustainable use, con-servation, management, and understanding of healthy ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes re-sources; and ‘‘(F) to monitor and model changes in ocean chemistry; ‘‘(2) to improve the Nation’s capability to measure, track, observe, understand, and pre-dict events related directly and indirectly to weather and climate change, natural climate variability, and interactions between the oce-anic and atmospheric environments, including the Great Lakes; and ‘‘(3) to authorize activities— ‘‘(A) to promote basic and applied research to develop, test, and deploy innovations and im-provements in coastal and ocean observation technologies, including advanced observing technologies needed to address critical data gaps, modeling systems, other scientific and technological capabilities to improve the under-standing of weather and climate, ocean-atmos-phere dynamics, global climate change, and the physical, chemical, and biological dynamics of the ocean, coastal and Great Lakes environ-ments; and ‘‘(B) to conserve healthy and restore degraded coastal ecosystems.’’. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 12303 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3602) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘integrated into the System and are managed through States, regional organizations, universities, non-governmental organizations, or the private sec-tor’’ and inserting ‘‘managed through States, re-gional organizations, universities, nongovern-mental organizations, or the private sector and integrated into the system by the regional coast-al ocean observing system, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the agen-cies on the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee’’; (2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL COASTAL OBSERVING SYSTEM .— The term ‘regional coastal observing system’ means an organizational body that is certified or established by contract or memorandum by the lead Federal agency designated in section 12304(c)(3) and coordinates State, Federal, local, tribal, and private interests at a regional level with the responsibility of engaging the private and public sectors in designing, operating, and improving regional coastal and ocean observing systems in order to ensure the provision of data and information that meet the needs of user groups from the respective regions.’’; and (3) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. 
SEC. 4. INTEGRATED COASTAL AND OCEAN OB-SERVATION SYSTEM. 
(a) S YSTEM ELEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 12304(b) of the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to fulfill the pur-poses of this subtitle, the System shall be na-tional in scope and consist of— ‘‘(A) Federal assets to fulfill national and international observation missions and prior-ities; ‘‘(B) non-Federal assets, including a network of regional coastal observing systems identified under subsection (c)(4), to fulfill regional and national observation missions and priorities; ‘‘(C) data management, communication, and modeling systems for the timely integration and dissemination of data and information products from the System; ‘‘(D) a product development system to trans-form observations into products in a format that may be readily used and understood; and ‘‘(E) a research and development program conducted under the guidance of the Council, consisting of— ‘‘(i) basic and applied research and tech-nology development— ‘‘(I) to improve understanding of coastal and ocean systems and their relationships to human activities; and ‘‘(II) to ensure improvement of operational as-sets and products, including related infrastruc-ture, observing technologies, and information and data processing and management tech-nologies; ‘‘(ii) an advanced observing technology devel-opment program to fill gaps in technology; ‘‘(iii) large scale computing resources and re-search to advance modeling of coastal, ocean, and Great Lakes processes; ‘‘(iv) models to improve regional weather fore-casting capabilities and regional weather fore-casting products; and ‘‘(v) reviews of data collection procedures across regions and programs to make rec-ommendations for data collection standards across the System to meet national ocean, coast-al, and Great Lakes observation, applied re-search, and weather forecasting needs.’’. (2) AVAILABILITY OF DATA .—Section 12304(b)(3) of such Act (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘for research and for use in the development of products to address soci-etal needs’’ before the period at the end. (3) C
OORDINATION OF NON -FEDERAL ASSETS .— Section 12304(b)(4) of such Act (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘N
ON-FEDERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OORDINATION  
OF NON -FEDERAL ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or by’’ and inserting ‘‘, the regional coastal observing system, or’’. (b) P
OLICY OVERSIGHT , ADMINISTRATION , AND R
EGIONAL COORDINATION .—Section 12304(c) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(c)) is amend-ed by striking paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NTERAGENCY OCEAN OBSERVATION COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Council shall es-tablish or designate a committee, which shall be known as the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee. ‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—The Interagency Ocean Obser-vation Committee shall— ‘‘(i) prepare annual and long-term plans for consideration and approval by the Council for the integrated design, operation, maintenance, enhancement, and expansion of the System to meet the objectives of this chapter and the Sys-tem Plan; ‘‘(ii) develop and transmit to Congress, along with the budget submitted by the President to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, an annual coordinated, comprehensive budget— ‘‘(I) to operate all elements of the System identified in subsection (b); and ‘‘(II) to ensure continuity of data streams from Federal and non-Federal assets; ‘‘(iii) establish requirements for observation data variables to be gathered by both Federal and non-Federal assets and identify, in con-sultation with regional information coordina-tion entities, priorities for System observations; ‘‘(iv) establish and define protocols and stand-ards for System data processing, management, collection, configuration standards, formats, and communication for new and existing assets throughout the Integrated Ocean Observing System network; ‘‘(v) develop contract requirements for each regional coastal observing system— ‘‘(I) to establish eligibility for integration into the System; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.026 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES70 January 8, 2018 
‘‘(II) to ensure compliance with all applicable standards and protocols established by the Council; and ‘‘(III) to ensure that regional observations are integrated into the System on a sustained basis; ‘‘(vi) identify gaps in observation coverage or needs for capital improvements of both Federal assets and non-Federal assets; ‘‘(vii) subject to the availability of appropria-tions, establish through 1 or more participating Federal agencies, in consultation with the Sys-tem advisory committee established under sub-section (d), a competitive matching grant or other programs— ‘‘(I) to promote intramural and extramural re-search and development of new, innovative, and emerging observation technologies including testing and field trials; and ‘‘(II) to facilitate the migration of new, inno-vative, and emerging scientific and techno-logical advances from research and development to operational deployment; ‘‘(viii) periodically— ‘‘(I) review the System Plan; and ‘‘(II) submit to the Council such recommenda-tions as the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee may have for improvements to the System Plan; ‘‘(ix) ensure collaboration among Federal agencies participating in the activities of the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; and ‘‘(x) perform such additional duties as the Council may delegate. ‘‘(3) L
EAD FEDERAL AGENCY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall function as the lead Federal agency for the implementation and administration of the System. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Administrator shall con-sult with the Council, the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee, other Federal agencies that maintain portions of the System, and the regional coastal observing systems. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) establish and operate an Integrated Ocean Observing System Program Office within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration— ‘‘(I) that utilizes, to the extent necessary, per-sonnel from member agencies participating on the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; and ‘‘(II) oversees daily operations and coordina-tion of the System; ‘‘(ii) implement policies, protocols, and stand-ards approved by the Council and delegated by the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; ‘‘(iii) promulgate program guidelines— ‘‘(I) to certify and integrate regional associa-tions into the System; and ‘‘(II) to provide regional coastal and ocean ob-servation data that meet the needs of user groups from the respective regions; ‘‘(iv) have the authority to enter into and oversee contracts, leases, grants, or cooperative agreements with non-Federal assets, including regional information coordination entities, to support the purposes of this chapter on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate; ‘‘(v) implement and maintain a merit-based, competitive funding process to support non-Fed-eral assets, including the development and maintenance of a network of regional coastal observing systems, and develop and implement a process for the periodic review and evaluation of the regional associations; ‘‘(vi) provide opportunities for competitive contracts and grants for demonstration projects to design, develop, integrate, deploy, maintain, and support components of the System; ‘‘(vii) establish and maintain efficient and ef-fective administrative procedures for the timely allocation of funds among contractors, grantees, and non-Federal assets, including regional asso-ciations; ‘‘(viii) develop and implement a process for the periodic review and evaluation of the re-gional coastal observing systems; ‘‘(ix) formulate an annual process by which gaps in observation coverage or needs for capital improvements of Federal assets and non-Federal assets of the System are— ‘‘(I) identified by the regional associations de-scribed in the System Plan, the Administrator, or other members of the System; and ‘‘(II) submitted to the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee; ‘‘(x) develop and be responsible for a data management and communication system, in ac-cordance with standards and protocols estab-lished by the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee, by which all data collected by the System regarding ocean and coastal waters of the United States including the Great Lakes, are processed, stored, integrated, and made avail-able to all end-user communities; ‘‘(xi) not less frequently than once each year, submit to the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee a report on the accomplishments, operational needs, and performance of the Sys-tem to contribute to the annual and long-term plans prepared pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(i); ‘‘(xii) develop and periodically update a plan to efficiently integrate into the System new, in-novative, or emerging technologies that have been demonstrated to be useful to the System and which will fulfill the purposes of this chap-ter and the System Plan; and ‘‘(xiii) work with users and Regional Associa-tions to develop products to enable real-time data sharing for decision makers, including with respect to weather forecasting and mod-eling, search and rescue operations, corrosive seawater forecasts, water quality monitoring and communication, and harmful algal bloom forecasting. ‘‘(4) REGIONAL COASTAL OBSERVING SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A regional coastal observ-ing system operated by a Regional Association described in the System Plan may not be cer-tified or established under this subtitle unless it— ‘‘(i) has been or shall be certified or estab-lished by contract or agreement by the Adminis-trator; ‘‘(ii) meets— ‘‘(I) the certification standards and compli-ance procedure guidelines issued by the Admin-istrator; and ‘‘(II) the information needs of user groups in the region while adhering to national stand-ards; ‘‘(iii) demonstrates an organizational struc-ture, that under funding limitations is capable of— ‘‘(I) gathering required System observation data; ‘‘(II) supporting and integrating all aspects of coastal and ocean observing and information programs within a region; and ‘‘(III) reflecting the needs of State, local, and tribal governments, commercial interests, and other users and beneficiaries of the System and other requirements specified under this subtitle and the System Plan; ‘‘(iv) identifies— ‘‘(I) gaps in observation coverage needs for capital improvements of Federal assets and non- Federal assets of the System; and ‘‘(II) other recommendations to assist in the development of the annual and long-term plans prepared pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(i) and transmits such information to the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee via the Program Office established under paragraph (3)(C)(i); ‘‘(v) develops and operates under a strategic operational plan that will ensure the efficient and effective administration of programs and assets to support daily data observations for in-tegration into the System, pursuant to the standards approved by the Council; ‘‘(vi) works cooperatively with governmental and nongovernmental entities at all levels to identify and provide information products of the System for multiple users within the service area of the regional coastal observing system; and ‘‘(vii) complies with all financial oversight re-quirements established by the Administrator, in-cluding requirements relating to audits. ‘‘(B) PARTICIPATION .—For the purposes of this title, employees of Federal agencies are per-mitted to be members of the governing body for the regional coastal observing systems and may participate in the functions of the regional in-formation coordination entities.’’. (c) S
YSTEM ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—Section 12304(d) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or the Inter-agency Ocean Observing Committee.’’ and in-serting ‘‘or the Council under this subtitle’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, data sharing,’’ after ‘‘data management’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) additional priorities, including— ‘‘(i) a national surface current mapping net-work designed to improve fine scale sea surface mapping using high frequency radar technology and other emerging technologies to address na-tional priorities, including Coast Guard search and rescue operation planning and harmful algal bloom forecasting and detection that— ‘‘(I) is comprised of existing high frequency radar and other sea surface current mapping in-frastructure operated by national programs and regional associations; ‘‘(II) incorporates new high frequency radar assets or other fine scale sea surface mapping technology assets, and other assets needed to fill gaps in coverage on United States coastlines; and ‘‘(III) follows a deployment plan that prioritizes closing gaps in high frequency radar infrastructure in the United States, starting with areas demonstrating significant sea surface current data needs, especially in areas where additional data will improve Coast Guard search and rescue models; ‘‘(ii) fleet acquisition for autonomous under-water and surface vehicles for deployment and data integration to fulfill the purposes of this Act; ‘‘(iii) an integrative survey program for appli-cation of manned and unmanned vehicles to the real-time or near real-time collection and trans-mission of sea floor, water column, and sea sur-face data on biology, chemistry, geology, phys-ics, and hydrography; ‘‘(iv) remote sensing and data assimilation to develop new analytical methodologies to assimi-late data from the Integrated Ocean Observing System into hydrodynamic models; ‘‘(v) integrated, multi-State monitoring to as-sess sources, movement, and fate of sediments in coastal regions; ‘‘(vi) a multi-region marine sound monitoring system to be— ‘‘(I) planned in consultation with the Inter-agency Ocean Observation Committee, the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Department of the Navy, and academic re-search institutions; and ‘‘(II) developed, installed, and operated in co-ordination with the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, the Department of the Navy, and academic research institutions; and ‘‘(E) any other purpose identified by the Ad-ministrator or the Council.’’; (D) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘The Administrator may stagger the terms of the Sys-tem advisory committee members.’’ before ‘‘Mem-bers’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the Interagency Ocean Observing Committee’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Observ-ing’’ and inserting ‘‘Observation’’. (d) C
IVIL LIABILITY .—Section 12304(e) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(e)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.021 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S71 January 8, 2018 
(1) by striking ‘‘information coordination enti-ty’’ and inserting ‘‘coastal observing system’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘non-Federal asset or regional information coordination entity,’’ and inserting ‘‘regional coastal observing system,’’. 
SEC. 5. FINANCING AND AGREEMENTS. 
Section 12305(a) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3604(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—To carry out activities under this subtitle, the Secretary of Commerce may execute an agreement, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis, with any State or sub-division thereof, any Federal agency, any public or private organization, or any individual to carry out activities under this subtitle.’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 12307 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3606) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12307. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 2 years after March 30, 2009, and every 3 years there-after, the Administrator shall prepare, and the President acting through the Council shall ap-prove and transmit to the Congress, a report on progress made in implementing this subtitle. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a description of activities carried out under this subtitle and the System Plan; ‘‘(2) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the System, including an evaluation of progress made by the Council to achieve the goals identi-fied under the System Plan; ‘‘(3) the identification of Federal and non- Federal assets as determined by the Council that have been integrated into the System, including assets essential to the gathering of required ob-servation data variables necessary to meet the respective missions of Council agencies; ‘‘(4) a review of procurements, planned or ini-tiated, by each Council agency to enhance, ex-pand, or modernize the observation capabilities and data products provided by the System, in-cluding data management and communication subsystems; ‘‘(5) a summary of the existing gaps in obser-vation infrastructure and monitoring data col-lection, including— ‘‘(A) priorities considered by the System advi-sory committee; ‘‘(B) the national sea surface current mapping network; ‘‘(C) coastal buoys; ‘‘(D) ocean chemistry monitoring; ‘‘(E) marine sound monitoring; and ‘‘(F) autonomous underwater and surface ve-hicle technology gaps; ‘‘(6) an assessment regarding activities to inte-grate Federal and non-Federal assets, nation-ally and on the regional level, and discussion of the performance and effectiveness of regional information coordination entities to coordinate regional observation operations; ‘‘(7) a description of benefits of the program to users of data products resulting from the System (including the general public, industries, sci-entists, resource managers, emergency respond-ers, policy makers, and educators); ‘‘(8) recommendations concerning— ‘‘(A) modifications to the System; and ‘‘(B) funding levels for the System in subse-quent fiscal years; and ‘‘(9) the results of a periodic external inde-pendent programmatic audit of the System.’’. 
SEC. 7. PUBLIC-PRIVATE USE POLICY. 
Section 12308 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3607) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12308. PUBLIC-PRIVATE USE POLICY. 
‘‘The Council shall maintain a policy that de-fines processes for making decisions about the roles of the Federal Government, the States, re-gional information coordination entities, the academic community, and the private sector in providing to end-user communities environ-mental information, products, technologies, and services related to the System. The Adminis-trator shall ensure that National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration adheres to the deci-sion making process developed by the Council regarding the roles of the Federal Government, the States, the regional coastal observing sys-tems, the academic communities, and the private sector in providing the end-user communities en-vironmental information, data products, tech-nologies, and services related to the System.’’. SEC. 8. REPEAL OF INDEPENDENT COST ESTI-MATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.) is amended by striking section 12309 (33 U.S.C. 3608). (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 991) is amended by striking the item related to section 12309. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 12311 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3610) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 10. REPORTS AND RESEARCH PLANS. 
Section 12404(c) of the Federal Ocean Acidifi-cation Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3703(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC VULNERABILITY REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Coordi-nated Ocean Monitoring and Research Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Subcommittee shall transmit to appropriate committees of Congress a report that— ‘‘(i) is named ‘The Ocean Chemistry Coastal Community Vulnerability Assessment’; ‘‘(ii) identifies gaps in ocean acidification monitoring by public, academic, and private as-sets in the network of regional coastal observing systems; ‘‘(iii) identifies geographic areas which have gaps in ocean acidification research; ‘‘(iv) identifies United States coastal commu-nities, including fishing communities, low-popu-lation rural communities, tribal and subsistence communities, and island communities, that may be impacted by ocean acidification; ‘‘(v) identifies impacts of changing ocean car-bonate chemistry on the communities described in clause (iv), including impacts from changes in ocean and coastal marine resources that are not managed by the Federal Government; ‘‘(vi) identifies gaps in understanding of the impacts of ocean acidification on economically or commercially important species, particularly those which support United States commercial, recreational, and tribal fisheries and aqua-culture; ‘‘(vii) identifies habitats that may be particu-larly vulnerable to corrosive sea water, includ-ing areas experiencing multiple stressors such as hypoxia, sedimentation, and harmful algal blooms; ‘‘(viii) identifies areas in which existing Inte-grated Ocean Observing System assets, includ-ing buoys and gliders, may be leveraged as plat-forms for the deployment of new sensors or other applicable observing technologies; and ‘‘(ix) is written in collaboration with the agencies responsible for carrying out this Act. ‘‘(B) F
ORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The initial report re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall include the information described in clauses (i) through (ix) on a national level. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—Each report re-quired under subparagraph (A) after the initial report— ‘‘(I) may describe the information described in clauses (i) through (ix) on a national level; or ‘‘(II) may consist of separate reports for each region of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ‘‘(iii) REGIONAL REPORTS .—If the Sub-committee opts to prepare a report required under subparagraph (A) as separate regional re-ports under clause (ii)(II), the Subcommittee shall submit a report for each region of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration not less frequently than once during each 5-year reporting period. ‘‘(C) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph and in paragraph (5), the term ‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(5) M
ONITORING PRIORITIZATION PLAN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submis-sion of the initial report under paragraph (4)(A), the Subcommittee shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that develops a plan to deploy new sensors or other applicable observing technologies— ‘‘(A) based on such initial report; ‘‘(B) prioritized by— ‘‘(i) the threat to coastal economies and eco-systems; ‘‘(ii) gaps in data; and ‘‘(iii) research needs; and ‘‘(C) that leverage existing platforms, where possible.’’. 
SEC. 11. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PLAN. 
(a) C ONTENTS .—Section 12405(b) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3704(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) make recommendations for research to be conducted, including in the social sciences and economics, to address the key knowledge gaps identified in the economic vulnerability re-port conducted under section 12404(c)(4).’’. (b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—Section 12405(c) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3704(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) Research to understand combined effects of changes in ocean chemistry, sediment deliv-ery, hypoxia, and harmful algal blooms and the impact these processes have on each other, and how these multiple stressors impact living ma-rine resources and coastal ecosystems. ‘‘(7) Applied research to identify adaptation strategies for species impacted by changes in ocean chemistry including vegetation-based sys-tems, shell recycling, species and genetic diver-sity, applied technologies, aquaculture meth-odologies, and management recommendations.’’. 
SEC. 12. STAKEHOLDER INPUT ON MONITORING. 
Section 12406(a) of the Federal Ocean Acidifi-cation Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3705(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) includes an ongoing mechanism that al-lows potentially affected industry members, coastal stakeholders, fishery management coun-cils and commissions, non-Federal resource managers, and scientific experts to provide input on monitoring needs that are necessary to support on the ground management, decision making, and adaptation related to ocean acidifi-cation.’’. 
SEC. 13. RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
Section 12407(a) of the Federal Ocean Acidifi-cation Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.021 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES72 January 8, 2018 
‘‘(a) R ESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall continue to carry out research activities on ocean acidifi-cation which shall support competitive, merit- based, peer-reviewed proposals for research, ob-servatories and monitoring of ocean acidifica-tion and its impacts, including— ‘‘(1) impacts on marine organisms and marine ecosystems; ‘‘(2) impacts on ocean, coastal, and estuarine biogeochemistry; ‘‘(3) the development of methodologies and technologies to evaluate ocean acidification and its impacts; and ‘‘(4) impacts of multiple stressors on eco-systems exhibiting hypoxia, harmful algal blooms, or sediment delivery, combined with changes in ocean chemistry.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Wicker amendment at the desk be con-sidered and agreed to, the committee- reported substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1869) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To authorize an annual appropria-tion of $40,200,000 through fiscal year 2021 to carry out the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.) On page 58, strike lines 1 through 4 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $40,200,000, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, which shall be used— (1) to fulfill the purposes set forth in sec-tion 12302 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601); and (2) to support activities identified in the annual coordinated National Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System budg-et developed by the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee and submitted to Con-gress. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill (S. 1425), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1425 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coordinated Ocean Monitoring and Re-search Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purposes. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Integrated Coastal and Ocean Obser-vation System. Sec. 5. Financing and agreements. Sec. 6. Reports to Congress. Sec. 7. Public-private use policy. Sec. 8. Repeal of independent cost estimate. Sec. 9. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 10. Reports and research plans. Sec. 11. Strategic research plan. Sec. 12. Stakeholder input on monitoring. Sec. 13. Research activities. SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
Section 12302 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12302. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subtitle are— ‘‘(1) to establish and sustain a national in-tegrated System of ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes observing systems, comprised of Fed-eral and non-Federal components coordi-nated at the national level by the Council and at the regional level by a network of re-gional coastal observing systems, and that includes in situ, remote, and other coastal and ocean observation and modeling capa-bilities, technologies, data management sys-tems, communication systems, and product development systems, and is designed to ad-dress regional and national needs for ocean and coastal information, to gather specific data on key coastal, ocean, and Great Lakes variables, and to ensure timely and sus-tained dissemination and availability of these data— ‘‘(A) to the public; ‘‘(B) to support national defense, search and rescue operations, marine commerce, navigation safety, weather, climate, and ma-rine forecasting, energy siting and produc-tion, economic development, ecosystem- based marine, coastal, and Great Lakes re-source management, public safety, and pub-lic outreach and education; ‘‘(C) to promote greater public awareness and stewardship of the Nation’s ocean, coast-al, and Great Lakes resources and the gen-eral public welfare; ‘‘(D) to provide easy access to ocean, coast-al, and Great Lakes data and promote data sharing between Federal and non-Federal sources and promote public data sharing; ‘‘(E) to enable advances in scientific under-standing to support the sustainable use, con-servation, management, and understanding of healthy ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes resources; and ‘‘(F) to monitor and model changes in ocean chemistry; ‘‘(2) to improve the Nation’s capability to measure, track, observe, understand, and predict events related directly and indirectly to weather and climate change, natural cli-mate variability, and interactions between the oceanic and atmospheric environments, including the Great Lakes; and ‘‘(3) to authorize activities— ‘‘(A) to promote basic and applied research to develop, test, and deploy innovations and improvements in coastal and ocean observa-tion technologies, including advanced ob-serving technologies needed to address crit-ical data gaps, modeling systems, other sci-entific and technological capabilities to im-prove the understanding of weather and cli-mate, ocean-atmosphere dynamics, global climate change, and the physical, chemical, and biological dynamics of the ocean, coast-al and Great Lakes environments; and ‘‘(B) to conserve healthy and restore de-graded coastal ecosystems.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 12303 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3602) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘inte-grated into the System and are managed through States, regional organizations, uni-versities, nongovernmental organizations, or the private sector’’ and inserting ‘‘managed through States, regional organizations, uni-versities, nongovernmental organizations, or the private sector and integrated into the system by the regional coastal ocean observ-ing system, the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, or the agencies on the Interagency Ocean Observation Com-mittee’’; (2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) REGIONAL COASTAL OBSERVING SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘regional coastal observing system’ means an organizational body that is certified or established by contract or memorandum by the lead Federal agency designated in section 12304(c)(3) and coordi-nates State, Federal, local, tribal, and pri-vate interests at a regional level with the re-sponsibility of engaging the private and pub-lic sectors in designing, operating, and im-proving regional coastal and ocean observing systems in order to ensure the provision of data and information that meet the needs of user groups from the respective regions.’’; and (3) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. 
SEC. 4. INTEGRATED COASTAL AND OCEAN OB-SERVATION SYSTEM. 
(a) S YSTEM ELEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 12304(b) of the In-tegrated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to fulfill the purposes of this subtitle, the System shall be national in scope and consist of— ‘‘(A) Federal assets to fulfill national and international observation missions and pri-orities; ‘‘(B) non-Federal assets, including a net-work of regional coastal observing systems identified under subsection (c)(4), to fulfill regional and national observation missions and priorities; ‘‘(C) data management, communication, and modeling systems for the timely integra-tion and dissemination of data and informa-tion products from the System; ‘‘(D) a product development system to transform observations into products in a format that may be readily used and under-stood; and ‘‘(E) a research and development program conducted under the guidance of the Council, consisting of— ‘‘(i) basic and applied research and tech-nology development— ‘‘(I) to improve understanding of coastal and ocean systems and their relationships to human activities; and ‘‘(II) to ensure improvement of operational assets and products, including related infra-structure, observing technologies, and infor-mation and data processing and management technologies; ‘‘(ii) an advanced observing technology de-velopment program to fill gaps in tech-nology; ‘‘(iii) large scale computing resources and research to advance modeling of coastal, ocean, and Great Lakes processes; ‘‘(iv) models to improve regional weather forecasting capabilities and regional weather forecasting products; and ‘‘(v) reviews of data collection procedures across regions and programs to make rec-ommendations for data collection standards across the System to meet national ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes observation, ap-plied research, and weather forecasting needs.’’. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA .—Section 12304(b)(3) of such Act (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘for research and for use in the development of products to ad-dress societal needs’’ before the period at the end. (3) C
OORDINATION OF NON -FEDERAL ASSETS .— Section 12304(b)(4) of such Act (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.021 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S73 January 8, 2018 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘N
ON-FEDERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OORDINATION  
OF NON -FEDERAL ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or by’’ and inserting ‘‘, the regional coastal observing system, or’’. (b) P
OLICY OVERSIGHT , A DMINISTRATION , 
AND REGIONAL COORDINATION .—Section 12304(c) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(c)) is amended by striking paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NTERAGENCY OCEAN OBSERVATION COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Council shall establish or designate a committee, which shall be known as the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee. ‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—The Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee shall— ‘‘(i) prepare annual and long-term plans for consideration and approval by the Council for the integrated design, operation, mainte-nance, enhancement, and expansion of the System to meet the objectives of this chap-ter and the System Plan; ‘‘(ii) develop and transmit to Congress, along with the budget submitted by the President to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, an an-nual coordinated, comprehensive budget— ‘‘(I) to operate all elements of the System identified in subsection (b); and ‘‘(II) to ensure continuity of data streams from Federal and non-Federal assets; ‘‘(iii) establish requirements for observa-tion data variables to be gathered by both Federal and non-Federal assets and identify, in consultation with regional information coordination entities, priorities for System observations; ‘‘(iv) establish and define protocols and standards for System data processing, man-agement, collection, configuration stand-ards, formats, and communication for new and existing assets throughout the Inte-grated Ocean Observing System network; ‘‘(v) develop contract requirements for each regional coastal observing system— ‘‘(I) to establish eligibility for integration into the System; ‘‘(II) to ensure compliance with all applica-ble standards and protocols established by the Council; and ‘‘(III) to ensure that regional observations are integrated into the System on a sus-tained basis; ‘‘(vi) identify gaps in observation coverage or needs for capital improvements of both Federal assets and non-Federal assets; ‘‘(vii) subject to the availability of appro-priations, establish through 1 or more par-ticipating Federal agencies, in consultation with the System advisory committee estab-lished under subsection (d), a competitive matching grant or other programs— ‘‘(I) to promote intramural and extramural research and development of new, innova-tive, and emerging observation technologies including testing and field trials; and ‘‘(II) to facilitate the migration of new, in-novative, and emerging scientific and tech-nological advances from research and devel-opment to operational deployment; ‘‘(viii) periodically— ‘‘(I) review the System Plan; and ‘‘(II) submit to the Council such rec-ommendations as the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee may have for improve-ments to the System Plan; ‘‘(ix) ensure collaboration among Federal agencies participating in the activities of the Interagency Ocean Observation Com-mittee; and ‘‘(x) perform such additional duties as the Council may delegate. ‘‘(3) L
EAD FEDERAL AGENCY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall func-tion as the lead Federal agency for the im-plementation and administration of the Sys-tem. ‘‘(B) CONSULTATION REQUIRED .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Administrator shall consult with the Council, the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee, other Federal agencies that maintain portions of the Sys-tem, and the regional coastal observing sys-tems. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) establish and operate an Integrated Ocean Observing System Program Office within the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration— ‘‘(I) that utilizes, to the extent necessary, personnel from member agencies partici-pating on the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; and ‘‘(II) oversees daily operations and coordi-nation of the System; ‘‘(ii) implement policies, protocols, and standards approved by the Council and dele-gated by the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; ‘‘(iii) promulgate program guidelines— ‘‘(I) to certify and integrate regional asso-ciations into the System; and ‘‘(II) to provide regional coastal and ocean observation data that meet the needs of user groups from the respective regions; ‘‘(iv) have the authority to enter into and oversee contracts, leases, grants, or coopera-tive agreements with non-Federal assets, in-cluding regional information coordination entities, to support the purposes of this chapter on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate; ‘‘(v) implement and maintain a merit- based, competitive funding process to sup-port non-Federal assets, including the devel-opment and maintenance of a network of re-gional coastal observing systems, and de-velop and implement a process for the peri-odic review and evaluation of the regional associations; ‘‘(vi) provide opportunities for competitive contracts and grants for demonstration projects to design, develop, integrate, de-ploy, maintain, and support components of the System; ‘‘(vii) establish and maintain efficient and effective administrative procedures for the timely allocation of funds among contrac-tors, grantees, and non-Federal assets, in-cluding regional associations; ‘‘(viii) develop and implement a process for the periodic review and evaluation of the re-gional coastal observing systems; ‘‘(ix) formulate an annual process by which gaps in observation coverage or needs for capital improvements of Federal assets and non-Federal assets of the System are— ‘‘(I) identified by the regional associations described in the System Plan, the Adminis-trator, or other members of the System; and ‘‘(II) submitted to the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; ‘‘(x) develop and be responsible for a data management and communication system, in accordance with standards and protocols es-tablished by the Interagency Ocean Observa-tion Committee, by which all data collected by the System regarding ocean and coastal waters of the United States including the Great Lakes, are processed, stored, inte-grated, and made available to all end-user communities; ‘‘(xi) not less frequently than once each year, submit to the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee a report on the accom-plishments, operational needs, and perform-ance of the System to contribute to the an-nual and long-term plans prepared pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(i); ‘‘(xii) develop and periodically update a plan to efficiently integrate into the System new, innovative, or emerging technologies that have been demonstrated to be useful to the System and which will fulfill the pur-poses of this chapter and the System Plan; and ‘‘(xiii) work with users and Regional Asso-ciations to develop products to enable real- time data sharing for decision makers, in-cluding with respect to weather forecasting and modeling, search and rescue operations, corrosive seawater forecasts, water quality monitoring and communication, and harmful algal bloom forecasting. ‘‘(4) R
EGIONAL COASTAL OBSERVING SYS -
TEMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A regional coastal ob-serving system operated by a Regional Asso-ciation described in the System Plan may not be certified or established under this subtitle unless it— ‘‘(i) has been or shall be certified or estab-lished by contract or agreement by the Ad-ministrator; ‘‘(ii) meets— ‘‘(I) the certification standards and compli-ance procedure guidelines issued by the Ad-ministrator; and ‘‘(II) the information needs of user groups in the region while adhering to national standards; ‘‘(iii) demonstrates an organizational structure, that under funding limitations is capable of— ‘‘(I) gathering required System observation data; ‘‘(II) supporting and integrating all aspects of coastal and ocean observing and informa-tion programs within a region; and ‘‘(III) reflecting the needs of State, local, and tribal governments, commercial inter-ests, and other users and beneficiaries of the System and other requirements specified under this subtitle and the System Plan; ‘‘(iv) identifies— ‘‘(I) gaps in observation coverage needs for capital improvements of Federal assets and non-Federal assets of the System; and ‘‘(II) other recommendations to assist in the development of the annual and long-term plans prepared pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(i) and transmits such information to the Interagency Ocean Observation Com-mittee via the Program Office established under paragraph (3)(C)(i); ‘‘(v) develops and operates under a stra-tegic operational plan that will ensure the efficient and effective administration of pro-grams and assets to support daily data obser-vations for integration into the System, pur-suant to the standards approved by the Council; ‘‘(vi) works cooperatively with govern-mental and nongovernmental entities at all levels to identify and provide information products of the System for multiple users within the service area of the regional coast-al observing system; and ‘‘(vii) complies with all financial oversight requirements established by the Adminis-trator, including requirements relating to audits. ‘‘(B) P
ARTICIPATION .—For the purposes of this title, employees of Federal agencies are permitted to be members of the governing body for the regional coastal observing sys-tems and may participate in the functions of the regional information coordination enti-ties.’’. (c) S
YSTEM ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—Section 12304(d) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or the Interagency Ocean Observing Committee.’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Council under this sub-title’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.020 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES74 January 8, 2018 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, data sharing,’’ after ‘‘data management’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) additional priorities, including— ‘‘(i) a national surface current mapping network designed to improve fine scale sea surface mapping using high frequency radar technology and other emerging technologies to address national priorities, including Coast Guard search and rescue operation planning and harmful algal bloom fore-casting and detection that— ‘‘(I) is comprised of existing high frequency radar and other sea surface current mapping infrastructure operated by national pro-grams and regional associations; ‘‘(II) incorporates new high frequency radar assets or other fine scale sea surface mapping technology assets, and other assets needed to fill gaps in coverage on United States coastlines; and ‘‘(III) follows a deployment plan that prioritizes closing gaps in high frequency radar infrastructure in the United States, starting with areas demonstrating signifi-cant sea surface current data needs, espe-cially in areas where additional data will im-prove Coast Guard search and rescue models; ‘‘(ii) fleet acquisition for autonomous un-derwater and surface vehicles for deploy-ment and data integration to fulfill the pur-poses of this Act; ‘‘(iii) an integrative survey program for ap-plication of manned and unmanned vehicles to the real-time or near real-time collection and transmission of sea floor, water column, and sea surface data on biology, chemistry, geology, physics, and hydrography; ‘‘(iv) remote sensing and data assimilation to develop new analytical methodologies to assimilate data from the Integrated Ocean Observing System into hydrodynamic mod-els; ‘‘(v) integrated, multi-State monitoring to assess sources, movement, and fate of sedi-ments in coastal regions; ‘‘(vi) a multi-region marine sound moni-toring system to be— ‘‘(I) planned in consultation with the Inter-agency Ocean Observation Committee, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, the Department of the Navy, and academic research institutions; and ‘‘(II) developed, installed, and operated in coordination with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Depart-ment of the Navy, and academic research in-stitutions; and ‘‘(E) any other purpose identified by the Administrator or the Council.’’; (D) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘The Administrator may stagger the terms of the System advisory committee members.’’ be-fore ‘‘Members’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the Interagency Ocean Observing Com-mittee’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Ob-serving’’ and inserting ‘‘Observation’’. (d) C
IVILLIABILITY .—Section 12304(e) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘information coordination entity’’ and inserting ‘‘coastal observing sys-tem’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘non-Federal asset or re-gional information coordination entity,’’ and inserting ‘‘regional coastal observing sys-tem,’’. 
SEC. 5. FINANCING AND AGREEMENTS. 
Section 12305(a) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3604(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—To carry out activities under this subtitle, the Secretary of Com-merce may execute an agreement, on a reim-bursable or nonreimbursable basis, with any State or subdivision thereof, any Federal agency, any public or private organization, or any individual to carry out activities under this subtitle.’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 12307 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3606) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12307. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 2 years after March 30, 2009, and every 3 years there-after, the Administrator shall prepare, and the President acting through the Council shall approve and transmit to the Congress, a report on progress made in implementing this subtitle. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a description of activities carried out under this subtitle and the System Plan; ‘‘(2) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the System, including an evaluation of progress made by the Council to achieve the goals identified under the System Plan; ‘‘(3) the identification of Federal and non- Federal assets as determined by the Council that have been integrated into the System, including assets essential to the gathering of required observation data variables nec-essary to meet the respective missions of Council agencies; ‘‘(4) a review of procurements, planned or initiated, by each Council agency to en-hance, expand, or modernize the observation capabilities and data products provided by the System, including data management and communication subsystems; ‘‘(5) a summary of the existing gaps in ob-servation infrastructure and monitoring data collection, including— ‘‘(A) priorities considered by the System advisory committee; ‘‘(B) the national sea surface current map-ping network; ‘‘(C) coastal buoys; ‘‘(D) ocean chemistry monitoring; ‘‘(E) marine sound monitoring; and ‘‘(F) autonomous underwater and surface vehicle technology gaps; ‘‘(6) an assessment regarding activities to integrate Federal and non-Federal assets, nationally and on the regional level, and dis-cussion of the performance and effectiveness of regional information coordination entities to coordinate regional observation oper-ations; ‘‘(7) a description of benefits of the pro-gram to users of data products resulting from the System (including the general pub-lic, industries, scientists, resource managers, emergency responders, policy makers, and educators); ‘‘(8) recommendations concerning— ‘‘(A) modifications to the System; and ‘‘(B) funding levels for the System in sub-sequent fiscal years; and ‘‘(9) the results of a periodic external inde-pendent programmatic audit of the Sys-tem.’’. 
SEC. 7. PUBLIC-PRIVATE USE POLICY. 
Section 12308 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3607) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12308. PUBLIC-PRIVATE USE POLICY. 
‘‘The Council shall maintain a policy that defines processes for making decisions about the roles of the Federal Government, the States, regional information coordination entities, the academic community, and the private sector in providing to end-user com-munities environmental information, prod-ucts, technologies, and services related to the System. The Administrator shall ensure that National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration adheres to the decision making process developed by the Council regarding the roles of the Federal Government, the States, the regional coastal observing sys-tems, the academic communities, and the private sector in providing the end-user com-munities environmental information, data products, technologies, and services related to the System.’’. SEC. 8. REPEAL OF INDEPENDENT COST ESTI-MATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.) is amended by striking section 12309 (33 U.S.C. 3608). (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Omni-bus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 991) is amended by striking the item related to section 12309. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $40,200,000, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, which shall be used— (1) to fulfill the purposes set forth in sec-tion 12302 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601); and (2) to support activities identified in the annual coordinated National Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System budg-et developed by the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee and submitted to Con-gress. 
SEC. 10. REPORTS AND RESEARCH PLANS. 
Section 12404(c) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3703(c)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC VULNERABILITY REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Co-ordinated Ocean Monitoring and Research Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Sub-committee shall transmit to appropriate committees of Congress a report that— ‘‘(i) is named ‘The Ocean Chemistry Coast-al Community Vulnerability Assessment’; ‘‘(ii) identifies gaps in ocean acidification monitoring by public, academic, and private assets in the network of regional coastal ob-serving systems; ‘‘(iii) identifies geographic areas which have gaps in ocean acidification research; ‘‘(iv) identifies United States coastal com-munities, including fishing communities, low-population rural communities, tribal and subsistence communities, and island communities, that may be impacted by ocean acidification; ‘‘(v) identifies impacts of changing ocean carbonate chemistry on the communities de-scribed in clause (iv), including impacts from changes in ocean and coastal marine re-sources that are not managed by the Federal Government; ‘‘(vi) identifies gaps in understanding of the impacts of ocean acidification on eco-nomically or commercially important spe-cies, particularly those which support United States commercial, recreational, and tribal fisheries and aquaculture; ‘‘(vii) identifies habitats that may be par-ticularly vulnerable to corrosive sea water, including areas experiencing multiple stressors such as hypoxia, sedimentation, and harmful algal blooms; ‘‘(viii) identifies areas in which existing In-tegrated Ocean Observing System assets, in-cluding buoys and gliders, may be leveraged as platforms for the deployment of new sen-sors or other applicable observing tech-nologies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.020 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S75 January 8, 2018 
‘‘(ix) is written in collaboration with the agencies responsible for carrying out this Act. ‘‘(B) F
ORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The initial report re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall include the information described in clauses (i) through (ix) on a national level. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—Each report required under subparagraph (A) after the initial report— ‘‘(I) may describe the information de-scribed in clauses (i) through (ix) on a na-tional level; or ‘‘(II) may consist of separate reports for each region of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration. ‘‘(iii) R
EGIONAL REPORTS .—If the Sub-committee opts to prepare a report required under subparagraph (A) as separate regional reports under clause (ii)(II), the Sub-committee shall submit a report for each re-gion of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration not less frequently than once during each 5-year reporting pe-riod. ‘‘(C) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph and in para-graph (5), the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(5) M
ONITORING PRIORITIZATION PLAN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the sub-mission of the initial report under paragraph (4)(A), the Subcommittee shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that develops a plan to deploy new sen-sors or other applicable observing tech-nologies— ‘‘(A) based on such initial report; ‘‘(B) prioritized by— ‘‘(i) the threat to coastal economies and ecosystems; ‘‘(ii) gaps in data; and ‘‘(iii) research needs; and ‘‘(C) that leverage existing platforms, where possible.’’. 
SEC. 11. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PLAN. 
(a) C ONTENTS .—Section 12405(b) of the Fed-eral Ocean Acidification Research And Moni-toring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3704(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) make recommendations for research to be conducted, including in the social sciences and economics, to address the key knowledge gaps identified in the economic vulnerability report conducted under section 12404(c)(4).’’. (b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—Section 12405(c) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3704(c)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) Research to understand combined ef-fects of changes in ocean chemistry, sedi-ment delivery, hypoxia, and harmful algal blooms and the impact these processes have on each other, and how these multiple stressors impact living marine resources and coastal ecosystems. ‘‘(7) Applied research to identify adapta-tion strategies for species impacted by changes in ocean chemistry including vege-tation-based systems, shell recycling, species and genetic diversity, applied technologies, aquaculture methodologies, and manage-ment recommendations.’’. SEC. 12. STAKEHOLDER INPUT ON MONITORING. 
Section 12406(a) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3705(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) includes an ongoing mechanism that allows potentially affected industry mem-bers, coastal stakeholders, fishery manage-ment councils and commissions, non-Federal resource managers, and scientific experts to provide input on monitoring needs that are necessary to support on the ground manage-ment, decision making, and adaptation re-lated to ocean acidification.’’. 
SEC. 13. RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
Section 12407(a) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
ESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall continue to carry out research activities on ocean acidification which shall support com-petitive, merit-based, peer-reviewed pro-posals for research, observatories and moni-toring of ocean acidification and its impacts, including— ‘‘(1) impacts on marine organisms and ma-rine ecosystems; ‘‘(2) impacts on ocean, coastal, and estua-rine biogeochemistry; ‘‘(3) the development of methodologies and technologies to evaluate ocean acidification and its impacts; and ‘‘(4) impacts of multiple stressors on eco-systems exhibiting hypoxia, harmful algal blooms, or sediment delivery, combined with changes in ocean chemistry.’’. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Janu-ary 9; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Campbell nomination; fur-ther, that all time during adjournment, recess, morning business, and leader re-marks count postcloture on the Camp-bell nomination; finally, that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previoius order, following the remarks of Senator M
ERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, 100 days is a significant period of time— significant, particularly, because it in-volves the health of our children, which has been neglected over the last 3 months plus. How is it that this Chamber managed to go more than 3 months and not get in place a perma-nent expansion or a 5-year expansion of healthcare for our Nation’s children? Well, I can tell you why. It is because my colleagues on the majority side of the aisle here in this Chamber had a different bill that they were immersed in and that was a healthcare bill that would be better termed a health de-struction bill because it would have wiped out healthcare for somewhere be-tween 20 and 30 million Americans, and eventually version No. 5 of that bill died here in the Senate. Then my colleagues across the aisle said: Well, we have another beautiful idea. We are going to do a tax bill that will deliver trillions of dollars to the richest Americans. Well, our Constitu-tion was crafted around the vision of government of, by, and for the people, but my colleagues across the aisle like a different version of governance. They like governance by and for the power-ful and the privileged. So here they have this tax bill, and this tax bill has provisions like elimi-nating the dynasty loophole so wealthy families can pass their dynasty inherit-ances from one generation to the next without ever paying capital gains. They had a provision that they wanted to change the tax brackets for the wealthiest Americans. They wanted to have corporations, which have paid a smaller and smaller and smaller share of the costs of the infrastructure and the healthcare and the education of America, to pay even less. They had a provision where passthrough corpora-tions would get a sweetheart rate. If you add up these provisions, they total over $3 trillion. Now, not all of it goes to the wealthiest 1 percent, but most of it does, and most of it goes to the wealthiest 10 percent. Let’s just take and only count two- thirds of that $2 trillion. Now, let’s think about that number. That is a number that we really can’t imagine. How many grains of sand are on this beach? You just can’t get your hands around that kind of money—$2 trillion to the richest Americans. So let’s di-vide it by the number of American men, women, and children in our coun-try, and what do you end up with? You end up with the fact that that bill that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.020 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES76 January 8, 2018 
my colleagues across the aisle were so insistent on passing delivers the equiv-alent of $6,000 for every man, woman, and child in America to the very rich-est Americans. This bill was not about delivering benefits to the richest Americans. This bill was not about delivering benefits to the privileged. This bill was not about making the powerful more pow-erful. This bill was about children, and so it got set aside, one day after an-other after another, and we are at 100 days and counting. Now, who are these children? These are the children of families who are the working America. They don’t qualify for Medicaid—in Oregon that is the Or-egon Health Plan—because they are doing a little bit better than that, but not well enough to afford regular insur-ance in America. These are the chil-dren of the working poor. Now, not so long ago, we had a Presi-dential campaign, and President Trump campaigned on helping working families. But where was President Trump? President Trump was all im-mersed in the same tax bill for the privileged and the powerful, and he didn’t say anything about trying to make this happen for our children of working families. This bill, by the way, began 21 years ago. This program, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, was forged in bipartisanship. This bill was the product of Senator Ted Ken-nedy and Senator O
RRIN HATCH , work-ing together to say that we shouldn’t allow children of low-income families to go without healthcare. Why is that? Well, because they knew it profoundly affects the quality of life of that child. We want to invest in those children. We want them to be successful. We want them to have strong futures. We don’t want them to go without doctor’s visits when they are sick. We don’t want them to go without vaccinations and contract terrible illnesses. We don’t want them to go without dental care and have their teeth destroyed even before they reach adulthood. No, we are going to take care of those chil-dren. This bill was forged in bipartisanship back when both sides of the aisle seemed to care about the vision of gov-ernment of, by, and for the people, but that vision has been disappearing. There is probably no better symbol of that than this session and the leader-ship of this body being obsessed with benefits for the best off while ignoring this bill for our children. Now, it hasn’t been completely ig-nored. The Finance Committee has acted. There is a bill called the KIDS Act, or the Keep Kids’ Insurance De-pendable and Secure Act. Once again, Senator H
ATCH was right in the middle of this, partnering with Senator W
YDEN  from Oregon. Again, it is bipartisan-ship at the committee level. They passed it out, and they passed it out unanimously, but we don’t see the KIDS Act getting passed here on the floor of the Senate. So let’s change course. Let’s try to remember that this Nation was found-ed on the vision of distributed power among the citizens so that it will con-tinue to make decisions by and for the people, not by and for the best off in our society. Let’s try to reclaim that vision, and let’s start by passing this bipartisan bill, forged in bipartisanship and passed out of the Finance Com-mittee in bipartisanship. Let’s get it to the floor, and let’s pass it now. Let’s not let this 100 days become 105 or 110 or 130. Let’s get it passed now. Now, in the continuing resolution there was a little short patch that said: Well, we are going to make sure the States that are running out of money right now for a couple of months will not go under. This is not the type of bill that we should have for a few weeks or a couple months. Quite frank-ly, I heard lots of folks on this floor saying that they were so excited about this tax rip-off to give money to the powerful because the powerful need predictability, they need stability, and they need to know what the tax rules are a long time into the future. Well, struggling families would like to have some stability, not have their children be a bargaining chip in some broader vision of securing even more benefits for the powerful at the expense of working Americans. Let’s put aside that vision of using our kids as a bargaining chip and pass this bill and get it to the President’s desk. Thank you, Mr. President. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:25 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, January 9, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SAMUEL DALE BROWNBACK, OF KANSAS, TO BE AM-BASSADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, VICE DAVID NATHAN SAPERSTEIN. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
KEVIN FAHEY, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE KATHARINA G. MCFARLAND. WILLIAM ROPER, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE WILLIAM A. LAPLANTE, JR., RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
ANNE MARIE WHITE, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENVIRONMENTAL MAN-AGEMENT), VICE MONICA C. REGALBUTO. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
PHYLLIS L. BAYER, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY, VICE DENNIS V. MCGINN. ALEX A. BEEHLER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE KATHERINE HAMMACK. CHARLES DOUGLAS STIMSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY, VICE PAUL LUIS OOSTBURG SANZ. 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
MARVIN GOODFRIEND, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FED-ERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2016, VICE SARAH BLOOM RASKIN, RESIGNED. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
ROBERT HUNTER KURTZ, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVEL-OPMENT, VICE SANDRA BROOKS HENRIQUEZ, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE JEREMIAH O’HEAR NORTON, RESIGNED. JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE CHAIRPERSON OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DE-POSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE MARTIN J. GRUENBERG, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
BRIAN D. MONTGOMERY, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, VICE CAROL J. GALANTE. 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
JEROME H. POWELL, OF MARYLAND, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RE-SERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JANET L. YELLEN, TERM EXPIRING. RANDAL QUARLES, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEB-RUARY 1, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
DAVID J. RYDER, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE MINT FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE EDMUND C. MOY, RESIGNED. 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL  
THOMAS E. WORKMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE S. ROY WOODALL, JR., TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
JEFFREY DEWIT, OF ARIZONA, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINIS-TRATION, VICE DAVID RADZANOWSKI. 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
DANA BAIOCCO, OF OHIO, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM OCTOBER 27, 2017, VICE MARIETTA S. ROBINSON, TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
JAMES BRIDENSTINE, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION, VICE CHARLES F. BOLDEN, JR., RE-SIGNED. 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
ANN MARIE BUERKLE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A COMMIS-SIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMIS-SION FOR A TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM OCTOBER 27, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) ANN MARIE BUERKLE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION, VICE ELLIOT F. KAYE. 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
BRENDAN CARR, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS FROM JULY 1, 2018. (REAPPOINT-MENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
DIANA FURCHTGOTT-ROTH, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION. (NEW PO-SITION) 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
BARRY LEE MYERS, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR OCEANS AND ATMOS-PHERE, VICE KATHRYN D. SULLIVAN, RESIGNED. 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
LEON A. WESTMORELAND, OF GEORGIA, TO BE A DIREC-TOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. (NEW POSITION) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
SUSAN COMBS, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE INTERIOR, VICE RHEA S. SUH, RE-SIGNED. 
OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  
ENFORCEMENT  
STEVEN GARDNER, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT, VICE JOSEPH G. PIZARCHIK. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
RYAN DOUGLAS NELSON, OF IDAHO, TO BE SOLICITOR OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, VICE HILARY CHANDLER TOMPKINS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G08JA6.030 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S77 January 8, 2018 
APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  
TIM THOMAS, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE FEDERAL COCHAIR-MAN OF THE APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION, VICE EARL F. GOHL, JR. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
KATHLEEN HARTNETT WHITE, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUAL-ITY, VICE NANCY HELEN SUTLEY. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ALEX MICHAEL AZAR II, OF INDIANA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE THOM-AS PRICE, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ADAM LERRICK, OF WYOMING, TO BE A DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE RAMIN TOLOUI. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
KEVIN K. MCALEENAN, OF HAWAII, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION, DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE R. GIL KERLIKOWSKE. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
STEPHEN PARENTE, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE RICHARD G. FRANK. 
MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  
SEAN CAIRNCROSS, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE CHIEF EXEC-UTIVE OFFICER, MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORA-TION, VICE DANA J. HYDE. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ANDREW M. GELLERT, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CHILE. KEVIN EDWARD MOLEY, OF ARIZONA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZA-TION AFFAIRS), VICE BATHSHEBA NELL CROCKER . 
PEACE CORPS  
JOSEPHINE OLSEN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE PEACE CORPS, VICE CAROLYN HESSLER RADELET, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LEANDRO RIZZUTO, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BARBADOS, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COM-PENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERATION OF SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS, SAINT LUCIA, ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA, THE COMMONWEALTH OF DOMINICA, GRENADA, AND SAINT VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES. MARIE ROYCE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS), VICE EVAN RYAN. STEPHEN AKARD, OF INDIANA, TO BE DIRECTOR GEN-ERAL OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE, VICE ARNOLD A. CHACON, RESIGNED. JAMES RANDOLPH EVANS, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO LUXEMBOURG. RICHARD GRENELL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL RE-PUBLIC OF GERMANY. DOUG MANCHESTER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE COMMON-WEALTH OF THE BAHAMAS. YLEEM D. S. POBLETE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (VERIFICATION AND COMPLI-ANCE), VICE FRANK A. ROSE. SUSAN A. THORNTON, OF MAINE, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER- COUNSELOR, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (EAST ASIAN AND PACIFIC AFFAIRS), VICE DAN-IEL R. RUSSEL. ERIC M. UELAND, OF OREGON, TO BE AN UNDER SEC-RETARY OF STATE (MANAGEMENT), VICE PATRICK FRANCIS KENNEDY. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
JAMES EDWIN WILLIAMS, OF UTAH, TO BE CHIEF FI-NANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR, VICE JAMES L. TAYLOR. 
FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  
COMMISSION  
MARCO M. RAJKOVICH, JR., OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS EXPIR-ING AUGUST 30, 2022, VICE PATRICK K. NAKAMURA, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
WILLIAM BEACH, OF KANSAS, TO BE COMMISSIONER OF LABOR STATISTICS, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR, FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ERICA LYNN GROSHEN, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
JAMES BLEW, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR PLANNING, EVALUATION, AND POLICY DE-VELOPMENT, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE CAR-MEL MARTIN, RESIGNED. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
BRETT GIROIR, OF TEXAS, TO BE MEDICAL DIRECTOR IN THE REGULAR CORPS OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERV-ICE, SUBJECT TO THE QUALIFICATIONS THEREFOR AS PROVIDED BY LAW AND REGULATIONS, AND TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES, VICE HOWARD K. KOH, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
KENNETH L. MARCUS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CIVIL RIGHTS, DEPARTMENT OF EDU-CATION, VICE CATHERINE ELIZABETH LHAMON. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
SCOTT A. MUGNO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR, VICE DAVID MORRIS MI-CHAELS. PATRICK PIZZELLA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF LABOR, VICE CHRISTOPHER P. LU, RE-SIGNED. CHERYL MARIE STANTON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION, DE-PARTMENT OF LABOR, VICE DAVID WEIL, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
MITCHELL ZAIS, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE DEPUTY SECRETARY OF EDUCATION, VICE JAMES H. SHELTON III, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ISABEL MARIE KEENAN PATELUNAS, OF PENNSYL-VANIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INTEL-LIGENCE AND ANALYSIS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TREAS-URY, VICE S. LESLIE IRELAND. 
THE JUDICIARY  
BARRY W. ASHE, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOU-ISIANA, VICE L. R. LEMELLE, RETIRED. ANNEMARIE CARNEY AXON, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE SHARON LOVELACE BLACKBURN, RETIRED. JEFFREY UHLMAN BEAVERSTOCK, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE CALLIE V. GRANADE, RE-TIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
BRIAN ALLEN BENCZKOWSKI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE LESLIE RAGON CALDWELL. 
THE JUDICIARY  
RYAN WESLEY BOUNDS, OF OREGON, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE DIARMUID F. O’SCANNLAIN, RETIRED. ELIZABETH L. BRANCH, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT, VICE FRANK M. HULL, RETIRED. MICHAEL B. BRENNAN, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT, VICE TERENCE T. EVANS, DECEASED. LILES CLIFTON BURKE, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE C. LYNWOOD SMITH, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JEFFREY BOSSERT CLARK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE JOHN CHARLES CRUDEN. 
THE JUDICIARY  
DANIEL DESMOND DOMENICO, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO, VICE ROBERT E. BLACKBURN, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ERIC S. DREIBAND, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE THOMAS E. PEREZ, RE-SIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
STUART KYLE DUNCAN, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, VICE W. EUGENE DAVIS, RETIRED. KURT D. ENGELHARDT, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, VICE EDITH BROWN CLEMENT, RETIRED. THOMAS ALVIN FARR, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, VICE MALCOLM J. HOW-ARD, RETIRED. CHARLES BARNES GOODWIN, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF OKLAHOMA, VICE ROBIN J. CAUTHRON, RE-TIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOSEPH H. HUNT, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE STUART F. DELERY, RE-SIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
MICHAEL JOSEPH JUNEAU, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA, VICE RICHARD T. HAIK, SR., RE-TIRED. MATTHEW J. KACSMARYK, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE MARY LOU ROBINSON, RETIRED. EMILY COODY MARKS, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE MYRON H. THOMPSON, RETIRED. TERRY FITZGERALD MOORER, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE WILLIAM H. STEELE, RE-TIRED. MARK SAALFIELD NORRIS, SR., OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, VICE J. DANIEL BREEN, RE-TIRED. WILLIAM M. RAY II, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA, VICE HAROLD L. MURPHY, RETIRED. ELI JEREMY RICHARDSON, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DIS-TRICT OF TENNESSEE, VICE TODD J. CAMPBELL, RE-TIRED. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JESSE SEROYER, JR., OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALA-BAMA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ARTHUR DARROW BAYLOR, RETIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
DAVID RYAN STRAS, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT, VICE DIANA E. MURPHY, RETIRED. HOLLY LOU TEETER, OF KANSAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS, VICE KATHRYN H. VRATIL, RETIRED. 
FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
JAMES E. TRAINOR III, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION FOR A TERM EX-PIRING APRIL 30, 2023, VICE MATTHEW S. PETERSEN, TERM EXPIRED. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
ANDREW WHEELER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY AD-MINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, VICE ROBERT PERCIASEPE, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
TRISH M. ARNO DEVIN T. BURRUP MATTHEW P. GAGNON COLIN F. GALLAGHER ELIZABETH H. HARTMANN KRISTOPHER V. KUHL KEVIN M. MCKELVEY MICHAEL S. MCLAUGHLIN CRAIG S. MURPHY JASON T. NIEVES CLIFFORD R. NOLT MARYELLEN D. PACE THOMAS J. PAINTER PRABU P. SELVAM SABRINE SEMOIN SABRINA L. SILVER KEVIN C. SISK JENNIFER E. TONNESON CHRISTOPHER N. WHITE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ROBERT L. OZBURN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
TODD D. HUSTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DAWN M. STANKUS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER N. EARLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ERIC G. BURNS BRIAN W. COLE DAVID A. JOHNSON ANDREW J. LOCKETT SEAN W. MAITA ADRIAN B. ROMERO 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.007 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES78 January 8, 2018 
DAVID P. SHEEHAN 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AG-RICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOR-EIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR: MARC CLAYTON GILKEY, OF CALIFORNIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: DEANNA M. J. AYALA, OF MINNESOTA DARYA CHEHREZAD, OF CALIFORNIA MORGAN A. PERKINS, OF MARYLAND STANLEY STOREY PHILLIPS, OF MONTANA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: MARK A. MYERS, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A FOR-EIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: ALYCE S. AHN, OF CALIFORNIA EHSAN A. ALEAZIZ, OF WASHINGTON NAOMI ANISMAN, OF NEW YORK NICHOLAS D. AUSTIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAROLINE M. BAKER, OF FLORIDA JOHN T. BELMEAR, OF TEXAS CHARLES MATTHEW BENNETT, OF FLORIDA HARRY J. BETHKE, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW R. BYRLEY, OF FLORIDA NICOLE L. CALLRAM, OF ARIZONA ALTHEA CAWLEY-MURPHREE, OF WASHINGTON ANTHONY CHANG, OF NEVADA TERESA CHANG, OF CALIFORNIA RONGJIE CHEN, OF SOUTH DAKOTA NATHAN D. CROOK, OF VIRGINIA MONICA L. DAVIS, OF TEXAS MERRICA C. DOMINICK, OF MONTANA MATTHEW P. DORR, OF VIRGINIA CLAIRE E. DUFFETT-THOMAS, OF NEW YORK HADY T. ELNEIL, OF CALIFORNIA NATHANIEL L. FARRAR, OF FLORIDA ROSS A. FELDMANN, OF FLORIDA RYAN E. FLORY, OF FLORIDA ERIC R. FREDERICK, OF ARIZONA DANIELLA GAYAPERSAD-CHAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JEANNE E. GEERS, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER D. GOOCH, OF UTAH ABIGAIL S. GREENWALD, OF MINNESOTA YOUNG M. HAN, OF CALIFORNIA SARAH C. HENNESSEY, OF GEORGIA ERIKA HOLLNER, OF FLORIDA TODD R. HUGHES, OF FLORIDA DAVID SCOTT HUTCHISON, JR., OF UTAH JOSEPH M. JONES, OF NEVADA TYLER B. JOYNER, OF TEXAS GENEVIEVE JUDSON-JOURDAIN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ANGELA YOUNG KENNEDY, OF TEXAS DEBORAH A. KERSHNER, OF COLORADO VANESSA D. KHALSA STOTTS, OF TEXAS SADAF KHAN, OF TEXAS JACQUELINE KINGFIELD, OF MARYLAND WILSON M. KOROL, OF NEVADA JOSEPH M. KRAFFT, OF CALIFORNIA FRANCIS C. LANNING, OF NEW MEXICO TIME THEIS LANNING, OF FLORIDA KARL W. LOHSE, OF CALIFORNIA ABEL T. LOMAX, OF MINNESOTA ANDREW A. LOOMIS, OF TEXAS LEANA M. LOPEZ, OF WASHINGTON DARIEN BATZER LUCE, OF CALIFORNIA STACI K. MACCORKLE, OF OREGON DAVID W. MAURO, OF TEXAS KATHLEEN M. MAXWELL, OF NEW YORK MATTHEW R. MAYBERRY, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA I. MERTSCH, OF MASSACHUSETTS REBECCA H. MOLINOFF, OF FLORIDA MARIA L. MORENO, OF WASHINGTON PATRICK R. MURPHY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ERICA L. NELSON, OF VIRGINIA DAVID T. NEWTON, OF ALABAMA DANIEL T. NIBARGER, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW JOHN OSORNO, OF FLORIDA MORTON S. PARK, OF NEVADA SETH C. PEAVEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOSHUA PEFFLEY, OF MINNESOTA RYAN J. PESECKAS, OF FLORIDA SUSAN K. PHEMISTER, OF NEW YORK MARK S. PITUCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RENATO RAMACIOTTI, OF TEXAS TIMOTHY K. RILEY, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW J. RIPLINGER, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID K. C. ROBBIE, OF COLORADO JEFFREY P. SAKURAI, OF SOUTH DAKOTA DAVID M. SCHNEIDER, OF SOUTH DAKOTA GOURI SEETHARAM, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL C. STIEG, OF VIRGINIA JACK D. SWETLAND, JR., OF LOUISIANA SHEILA S. TANG-RABEONY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA MARY KATHARINE A. TRECHOCK, OF CALIFORNIA TRAVIS L. TUCKER, OF FLORIDA CARYL MARIE TUMA, OF PENNSYLVANIA KONRAD MICHAL TURSKI, OF WASHINGTON VALERIE M. VASS, OF WASHINGTON PAULA S. WALKER, OF NORTH CAROLINA LEIF E. WALLER, OF VIRGINIA KENNETH KAM MING WAN, OF CALIFORNIA MATTHEW J. WELSH, OF NEW YORK BRYN CAIN WEST, OF TEXAS LINDSEY S. WHITE, OF VIRGINIA MICHELE D. WOONACOTT, OF NEVADA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: PRIYA U. AMIN, OF VIRGINIA TOR ANDREWES, OF VIRGINIA REBECCA LESLIE ANDREWS, OF VIRGINIA HUGO PATRICK ARDAYA, OF VIRGINIA LESTER ANSONG ASAMOAH, OF OKLAHOMA DANIEL DAVID BARBEAU, OF VIRGINIA SONIA BARKAT, OF VIRGINIA ASHLEY ELIZABETH BARRETT, OF VIRGINIA MEGAN ELIZABETH BISHOP, OF COLORADO JAMES CURTIS BLAKE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAROL ANN BRIZZOLARA, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT ALAN BURNKRANT, OF VIRGINIA KRISTA AIDA BUSTAMANTE, OF IDAHO JUAN ALFONSO CLAR, OF NEW YORK THOMAS FADDEN CLAUSS III, OF VIRGINIA COURTNEY ANN CLUTZ, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT COHEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LARRY JAMES COOK, JR., OF VIRGINIA JASON R. CROSS, OF VIRGINIA BAILEY HOBBS CULP, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JAMES BANISTER DAVIS, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS E. DE TRIQUET, OF VIRGINIA LINDSEY L. DEBORD, OF VIRGINIA WHITNEY CIARA DIXON, OF MARYLAND VICTORIA ALYSHA DURGANA, OF NEW JERSEY YOUSSEF MOHAMED ELKEI, OF VIRGINIA LAURA PETERSON FEINTECH, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA AYANDA NGOZI FRANCIS, OF GEORGIA MICHELLE LEE GABRIEL, OF VIRGINIA GARRETT MARTIN GEHRER, OF VIRGINIA CASSANDRA ARIEL GIANNI, OF TEXAS MATTHEW IAN GILMORE, OF VIRGINIA HALEY C. GINDHART, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANNA GOLOB, OF MARYLAND MARTIN ROBERT GRAVES, OF VIRGINIA ALONZO O. GUINYARD, OF TEXAS SHERIDAN BLAKE GUNDERSON, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN LEBRON HARDAWAY, OF VIRGINIA ALISON JANE HARRISON, OF VIRGINIA JAMES RUSSELL HARRISON, OF VIRGINIA MARK A. HARRISON, OF VIRGINIA TREVIS QUINCY HARROLD, OF MICHIGAN TARA DEAN HENDRICK, OF TEXAS RYAN NICHOLAS HOOVER, OF OHIO SARAH COBB HOPTMAN, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN F. HORNUNG, OF VIRGINIA KAREN HSU, OF VIRGINIA ADENA F. JACKSON, OF VIRGINIA SAMANTHA MARIE JACKSON, OF MICHIGAN ERIC JARRAD JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA HEIDI MARIE JOHNSTONE, OF VIRGINIA MPAZA SICHILIMA KAPEMBWA, OF GEORGIA SEAN PATRICK KENNEDY, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN KIM, OF VIRGINIA RAQUEL JACQUELINE KING, OF FLORIDA RAJIV RAJ LALLA, OF VIRGINIA MASAKO LAMBDIN, OF VIRGINIA ANDREA K. LEHMAN, OF FLORIDA TIFFANY MELISSA CHOW LIDSKY, OF VIRGINIA SARAH PEG LOMBARDO, OF NEW JERSEY KAREN ELIZABETH LOUMA, OF VIRGINIA SHAWN WILLIAM LUDEKER, OF VIRGINIA RITCHELL ANULI MADIKAEGBU, OF MARYLAND ERIKA JANNET MARTINEZ, OF VIRGINIA PAUL ALEXANDER MCCORD, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN EDWARD MCDONALD, OF TEXAS JOHN HOYT MCLAUGHLIN II, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW DAVID MELNYK, OF VIRGINIA AUBERDE MERILAN, OF FLORIDA HOLLY ANNE MILES, OF TEXAS JENNIFER MARIE MILLER, OF VIRGINIA SARAH CHRISTINA MONTGOMERY, OF VIRGINIA WELDON DANIEL MONTGOMERY, OF FLORIDA JESSICA ADELE MUNN, OF VIRGINIA BINTU MARY MUSA, OF GEORGIA ANNE WANJIKU GERTRUDE MWENDAR, OF WASHINGTON HILARY C. NEGELE, OF VIRGINIA KENNETH CHRISTOPHER NEGLEY, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE ELIZABETH NELSON, OF VIRGINIA RAYMOND RAUL NELSON, OF OHIO ALENA CHRISTINE NORDHOLM, OF VIRGINIA ERIC JOHN OLSON, OF VIRGINIA SARAH NICOLE OSTING, OF MARYLAND SAMANTHA ELISE OTTEN, OF VIRGINIA GLORIANNE J. PAJKICH, OF VIRGINIA DAVID MICHAEL PESEK, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS FITZGERALD POWERS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA TIFFANY MARIE PSEMENEKI, OF VIRGINIA KATHARINE FRANCES RAVETZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA CHRISTINE MARIE REITER, OF KENTUCKY NICHOLAS J. RICHERT, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER WILSON RIZZI, OF VIRGINIA HAYDEE ROJAS, OF NEVADA SAHAND SARRAF, OF TEXAS ALISA KOSHIBA SCHACKMANN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MATTHEW R. SCHAPMAN, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK C. SCOVILLE, OF VIRGINIA BRENDAN FEAN SHEA, OF VIRGINIA SARAH LOIS SHIRLEY, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL JAMES CAVARLEZ SILBERSTEIN, OF NEW YORK GREGORY NICKLIN SMITH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA RAMATA SOW, OF MARYLAND KORY ALEXANDER STRICKLAND, OF TEXAS REBECCA MARIE SUMMERS, OF VIRGINIA LACHIESA ANDRES THOMAS, OF VIRGINIA CAMERON MICHAEL TORREON, OF NEW YORK KIRA HALEY ULLMAN, OF VIRGINIA ELVIA VALLE, OF TEXAS CHRIS J. VAN TASSELL, OF VIRGINIA GABRIEL MATTHEW WEINSTEIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA THERESA A. WELLMAN, OF VIRGINIA KARALEE DIANE WERNING, OF FLORIDA STEPHEN SINCLAIR WHALEY, OF OHIO RICHARD JAMES WHARTON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA BRANDI YVETTE WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL EDWARD WITHROW, OF VIRGINIA KENNETH P. WOOLSEY, OF VIRGINIA ERIK Z. ZAHNEN, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR: ANGELA P. AGGELER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PETER H. BARLERIN, OF MARYLAND COLOMBIA A. BARROSSE, OF VIRGINIA MARYKAY LOSS CARLSON, OF VIRGINIA JULIE J. CHUNG, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN KASKA DAVIDSON, OF TEXAS KELLY COLLEEN DEGNAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA CHAYAN C. DEY, OF FLORIDA JOHN E. FITZSIMMONS, OF MARYLAND ERIC ALAN FLOHR, OF FLORIDA ANTHONY GODFREY, OF VIRGINIA PETER T. GUERIN, OF NEW MEXICO LISA KENNEDY HELLER, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS MANNING HILL, OF NEW YORK J. BAXTER HUNT III, OF VIRGINIA HENRY V. JARDINE, OF VIRGINIA LISA A. JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA STEVEN C. KOUTSIS, OF MARYLAND KAMALA SHIRIN LAKHDHIR, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA KARIN MELKA LANG, OF VIRGINIA JEANNE MARIE MALONEY, OF VIRGINIA ERVIN J. MASSINGA, OF WASHINGTON BRIAN DAVID MCFEETERS, OF VIRGINIA KAREN E. MUMMAW, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD CARL PASCHALL III, OF VIRGINIA LISA J. PETERSON, OF VIRGINIA JO ANN E. SCANDOLA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARK TONER, OF MARYLAND FRANK J. WHITAKER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA MICHAEL L. YODER, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW R. YOUNG, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID J. YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN ARTHUR YOUNG, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: BEGZAT BIX ALIU, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT LLOYD BATCHELDER, OF VIRGINIA ANDREA RENEE BROUILLETTE-RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA RACHEL L. COOKE, OF VIRGINIA SUSANNAH E. COOPER, OF MARYLAND JASON RICHARD CUBAS, OF FLORIDA ABIGAIL LEE DRESSEL, OF CONNECTICUT MARION JOHNSTON EKPUK, OF VIRGINIA JILL MARIE ESPOSITO, OF VERMONT DANIEL J. FENNELL, OF FLORIDA ERIC VINCENT GAUDIOSI, OF MARYLAND WILLIAM ROBERT GILL, JR., OF VIRGINIA RYAN M. GLIHA, OF ARIZONA DAVID J. GREENE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KEITH LEE HEFFERN, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH K. HORST, OF MINNESOTA MARTIN T. KELLY, OF FLORIDA ANGELA M. KERWIN, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM H. KLEIN, OF CALIFORNIA KIMBERLY KRHOUNEK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER A. LANDBERG, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JOHN DAVID LIPPEATT, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY DANIEL LOGERFO, OF VIRGINIA IAN JOSEPH MCCARY, OF NEW YORK DAVID RAY MCCAWLEY, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN W. MCINTYRE, OF TEXAS HEATHER CHRISTINE MERRITT, OF VIRGINIA MARIO MCGWINN MESQUITA, OF VIRGINIA MARCUS ROBERT MICHELI, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREW THOMAS MILLER, OF VIRGINIA MARK DAVID MOODY, OF MISSOURI JOYCE WINCHEL NAMDE, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT MCCONNIN OUDKIRK, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN G. PRATT, OF CALIFORNIA JOSE KIERAN SANTACANA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JENNIFER L. SAVAGE, OF FLORIDA WILLIAM STEUER, OF TEXAS DONN-ALLAN G. TITUS, OF FLORIDA CHRISTINA TOMLINSON, OF VIRGINIA JOHN E. WARNER, OF VIRGINIA KAMI ANN WITMER, OF PENNSYLVANIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, AND A CONSULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLO-MATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: PAUL AVALLONE, OF FLORIDA PHILIP KARL BARTH, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.008 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S79 January 8, 2018 
WADE L. BOSTON, OF VIRGINIA DAVID L. DUNCAN, OF UTAH VIDA M. GECAS, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT F. GRECH, OF FLORIDA GLENN E. HARMS, OF VIRGINIA JOY D. HERRERA-BACA, OF VIRGINIA TUAN Q. HOANG, OF WASHINGTON JASON R. KIGHT, OF VIRGINIA JACQUELINE LEVESQUE, OF VIRGINIA LUIS A. MATUS, OF VIRGINIA CHANDA C. MCDANIEL, OF MISSOURI WILLIAM I. MELLOTT, OF ARIZONA THAD OSTERHOUT, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL C. RANGER, OF VIRGINIA PAUL L. SCHAEFER, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT A. SOLOMON, OF PENNSYLVANIA MARK A. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA MARI JAIN WOMACK, OF TEXAS 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KATHLEEN TROIA MCFARLAND, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JA6.010 S08JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE7 January 8, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARCUS RASKIN 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of Marcus Goodman Raskin, who passed away on December 24, 2017 at the age of 83. He was a committed civil rights advocate, staunch antiwar activist, respected academic, and pro-lific author. Born in Milwaukee on April 30, 1934, Mr. Raskin, whose father was a plumber and mother was a seamstress, was a musical prodigy and studied piano at the Julliard School. Nevertheless, he abandoned a musi-cal career to study politics at the University of Chicago and graduated from the University’s Law School. He later worked for Robert W. Kastenmeier, a highly respected liberal Mem-ber of the U.S. House of Representatives from the State of Wisconsin. Thereafter, he joined the Kennedy Administration as an assistant to National Security Advisor McGeorge Bundy. Based on this experience, he went on to found, together with Richard J. Barnet, the In-stitute for Policy Studies, a progressive think tank studying nuclear disarmament, economic inequality, civil rights, and national security. With the advent of the Vietnam War, Mr. Raskin actively opposed the draft and aggres-sively urged resistance to the war, for which he became the target of law enforcement prosecutors. He played a significant role in fa-cilitating the publication in The New York Times of the Pentagon Papers, a comprehen-sive classified study that exposed the faulty decision-making leading to the United States’ entry into the Vietnam War. As a result of his antiwar activism, Mr. Raskin was added to President Richard M. Nixon’s notorious ‘‘en-emies list’’, along with such other luminaries as journalist Daniel Schorr, movie actor Paul Newman, and various Members of Congress. Notwithstanding the loss of Mr. Raskin, we are fortunate that his son, Representative J
AMIE RASKIN , a Representative from the State of Maryland, currently serves as Vice Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee. In addition, the Committee has benefitted from the outstanding service provided by Maggie Lopatin, his granddaughter, who was the ad-ministrative backbone of the Committee for six years. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to commend the life and inspiring achievements of Mr. Raskin and to offer my heartfelt condolences to his loving family. 39TH ANNUAL DR. MARTIN LU-THER KING, JR. MEMORIAL BREAKFAST HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-brate the birth of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and reflect on his life and work, we are re-minded of the challenges that democracy poses to us and the delicate nature of liberty. Dr. King’s life and, unfortunately, his untimely death, remind us that we must continually work to secure and protect our freedoms. In his courage to act, his willingness to meet challenges, and his ability to achieve, Dr. King embodied all that is good and true in the battle for liberty. The spirit of Dr. King lives on in the citizens of communities throughout our nation. It lives on in the people whose actions reflect the spirit of resolve and achievement that will help move our country into the future. I am honored to rise today to recognize several individuals from Indiana’s First Congressional District who will be recognized during the 39th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Breakfast on Saturday, January 13, 2018, at the Genesis Convention Center in Gary, Indiana. The Gary Frontiers Service Club, which was founded in 1952, sponsors this annual breakfast. The Gary Frontiers Service Club will pay tribute to local individuals who have for dec-ades selflessly contributed to improving the quality of life for the people of Gary. This year, Earmon Irons will be honored with the pres-tigious Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drum Major Award. Additionally, several individuals will be recognized as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Marchers at this year’s breakfast including Chareice White, Mark Spencer, Roma Ivey, Henry L. Jones, Dharathula Harris, and Dr. Janet Seabrook. Though very different in nature, the achieve-ments of each of these individuals reflect many of the same attributes that Dr. King pos-sessed, as well as the values he advocated. Like Dr. King, these individuals saw chal-lenges and faced them with unwavering strength and determination. Each one of the honored guests’ greatness has been found in their willingness to serve with ‘‘a heart full of grace and a soul generated by love.’’ They set goals and work selflessly to make them a re-ality. Mr. Speaker, I invite you and my other dis-tinguished colleagues to join me in com-mending these honorees, as well as the Gary Frontiers Service Club officers, President Oli-ver Gilliam, who also served as the MLK Breakfast Chairman, Vice President Charles Jackson, Recording Secretary Linnal Ford, Fi-nancial Secretary Melvin Ward, and Treasurer/ Seventh District Director Floyd Donaldson, and all members of the service club for their initiative, determination, and dedication to serving the people of Northwest Indiana. RILETTA L. CREAM HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Riletta L. Cream, a lifelong constituent of New Jer-sey’s First Congressional District who distin-guished herself as a devoted educator and public servant. Born and raised in South Camden, Mrs. Cream would ascend to high-profile leadership positions, earning the admiration and respect of constituents across Southern New Jersey. After graduating from Camden High School in 1944, Mrs. Cream attended Glassboro State College, now known as Rowan University, and would embark on a remarkable, four-decade career in education, serving as an elementary school teacher, then principal of Pyne Poynt & Camden High Schools in her home City. Mrs. Cream’s reputation as a no-nonsense educa-tor led Camden High School through trans-formative change in her 15 year tenure as principal, and was regarded as a mentor and role model for students, teachers, and admin-istrators alike. After retiring from Camden High School, Mrs. Cream served as administrator for BPUM, Inc. Day Care Centers, and later as an adjunct professor and supervisor of student teachers at both Rowan and Rutgers Univer-sities. In 1994, Mrs. Cream was appointed to the Camden County New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders. Mrs. Cream earned reelection to that post four times, shepherding critical edu-cation-focused projects, including the installa-tion of computers in classrooms, the imple-mentation of distance learning equipment for students and teachers, and expanding Cam-den County’s Library System. Mrs. Cream was an ardent advocate for continuing education, encouraging and inspir-ing individuals to pursue academic dreams, and supported those endeavors by writing let-ters of recommendation for students and es-tablishing scholarships for graduates of Cam-den’s high schools. On December 18, 2017, Mrs. Cream passed away, and a beacon of promise was dimmed. Today, a school and library bear Mrs. Cream’s name, and stand in tribute to her en-during legacy and are inspiring future genera-tions of students. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in cele-brating the life, contributions, and service of a woman who blazed trails and deserves to be remembered for her selfless service and com-mitment, from a grateful community, the Hon-orable Riletta Cream. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JA8.001 E08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE8 January 8, 2018 
DANCING ANGELS 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a poem, on behalf of Albert Carey Caswell, to honor a great American family of faith and courage. On March 6, 2012, CW2 Edward ‘‘Duane’’ Cantrell of the United States Army, a team leader of The Green Berets, with four Purple Hearts, and 6 Tours in the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars died in a house fire while trying to save his two lovely daughters Isabella and Natalia. They all perished to-gether. Left behind in the wake of all of this sorrow and heartache was his wife Louise, who has taken the most horrific of cir-cumstances and created a foundation in re-membrance of them and to provide scholar-ships, and other assistance to help passionate and committed young dancers to fulfill their dreams called ‘‘Dancing Angels’’. She is an in-spiration to us all. 
Rise Rise up to heaven with tears in your eyes Little Sisters who’ve brought such joy in their little short lives As before our Lord you now lie As so gently he wipes away all of those tears from your eyes Don’t worry your safe now, in our Lord’s arms you now lie And your Daddy is right by your side So hush little girls don’t you cry With your most courageous Mother left on earth in your name to vie Who for all of you and us must somehow still try For she has so many hearts to heal And so much inspiration for all of us to feel To so teach us To so beseech us To so show this world what is real And she has so much more to do Until, one day she comes up to heaven to be with you But, its not yet her time for our world needs to look upon her warm hue So dance, dance for her and your Daddy and our Lord up in heaven in view And she will hear you on the wind And she will feel you in the morning when she awakes, as next to her all night you have been To help her find the strength, all in what a heart of courage can mend As up to heaven on this day Two little beautiful Angels, Isabella and Natalia have so made their way As they begin to dance night and day As they begin their dance, which makes our Lord smile and pray And if you listen closely on the wind, we can hear their little footsteps my friends And all of these lessons about life by Louise time and again To help all hearts of despair somehow to mend And that out of the darkness, light too can come in Whenever hearts of courage begin To against all odds to so fend Heartache and sorrow my friends Because, out of such pain and such sorrow, a new tomorrow from faith deep down within can begin! So dance, dance Little Angels, with but smiles on your face from heaven you send And let us remember life is so short, let not the minutes you waste time and again So hold your families close And ever remember what so means the most And from a distance what now seems like the very worst May not be this end, for isn’t it up in heaven where we all wish to transcend And that’s where all these Dancing Angels on this day can heard Dance, Dance, Dance Little Angels, hush little girls don’t you cry Because, one day up in Heaven you will look into your Mother’s beautiful eyes When, she comes up to be with you and Daddy and our Lord on high So Dance, Dance, and wipe all of those tears from your eyes Amen. f HONORING LYNN RANEY 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Lynn Raney, who passed away on December 28th. He was a talented artist, a dedicated state worker, an admired teacher, and a respected member of our Central Illinois community. Lynn found great joy in serving others. I got to know him during his time working in public service for the State of Illinois. There was never a day Lynn did not have a smile on his face, even in the midst of difficult family health tragedies. As a boy, Lynn was active in the Boy Scouts, achieving honors such as the Eagle Scout, the Silver Beaver, and the Wood Badge. Later in life he was proud to serve as a volunteer, teaching the values of the Boy Scouts to younger generations. I have no doubt that Lynn will be remem-bered well for his talent as an artist. Not only did he teach art to high school students, but he was known for the care and creativity he put into his annual Christmas cards. Just be-fore Christmas, I received one of his cards and I will cherish it even more after his pass-ing. I am proud to honor Lynn today. He left a lasting impact on everyone who knew him. He was a good friend, a devoted husband, and a loving father who will be missed by many. My thoughts and prayers are with his family dur-ing this difficult time. 
f 
OATH CEREMONY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oaths of citizenship on Friday, January 5, 2018. This memorable occasion was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On January 5, 2018, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Drago Pupac, Branka Pupac, Diep Dinh Do, Asma Aftab, Niranjan Awasthi, Magdalena Anna Skupien, Claudio Eduardo Diaz Ayala, Maria Griselda Rodriguez Diaz, Carmela Velazquez, Florencia Stoll, Susan Pandey Joshi, Mamoon Arif Raza, Jayakumar Chockalingam, Syed Muhammad Aftab, Sergiy Igorovyc Mosendz, Leah Nyokabi Wambui, Heidie Principe Kuskye, Krystyna Zofia Kret, Chiamara Chibueze Ugochukwu Anokwute, Rubinely Calderon, Carlos Cortes, Andrea Gianelli Cunanan, J. Refugio Garcia, Marie Grace Healy, Manuel Herbert Leyva, Ume Ruman Khaja, Maria Marquez, Cristian Alberto Osoria, Amy Hui Ren, and Federico Santamaria. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . .of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on January 5, 2018. They, too, are American citi-zens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE BUILD AMERICA ACT OF 2018 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Build America Act of 2018, legis-lation that will significantly increase the size and scope of two very successful merit-based infrastructure grant programs without adding a penny to the national debt. Specifically, this legislation would remove the Capital Invest-ment Grant Program (CIG), also known as New Starts/Small Starts, and the Transpor-tation Investment Generating Economic Re-covery Grant Program (TIGER Grants) from the annual appropriations process, estab-lishing them as mandatory programs with per-manent and expanded funding. My bill pro-poses to increase TIGER funding to $3 billion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JA8.002 E08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE9 January 8, 2018 
annually, and to increase CIG funding to $9 billion. These grants have helped local commu-nities prioritize their own projects; however they have been chronically underfunded in the past. For instance, since 2009, Congress has dedicated nearly $5.1 billion for eight rounds of TIGER funding, yet the program received $10.1 billion in applications in FY2015 alone. The process is competitive, and allows the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) to reward applicants that exceed eligibility criteria and demonstrate significant non-Federal fund-ing commitments. By increasing these funding levels and re-moving the programs from the annual appro-priations process, we will take the guesswork and uncertainty out of the programs. This in turn will allow communities around the country to submit funding requests for merit-based awards for projects of national, regional, or metropolitan-area significance. The projects in-clude construction and repair of roads, bridges, and tunnels, the installation of high speed internet, revitalization of drinking water, and the construction and expansion of fixed- guideway public transportation systems, in-cluding subways, light rail, commuter rail, and bus rapid transit (BRT). Mr Speaker, we have talked about prioritizing a large-scale infrastructure package for years. Congressional Democrats recently unveiled a trillion-dollar plan to make these in-vestments and create tens of thousands of jobs. However, like so many other proposals, it was rejected out of hand by the Majority. Despite controlling the House, the Senate, and the White House, the Majority has not yet of-fered any plan of their own. All the while, the situation continues to grow worse. Every four years, the American Society of Civil Engineers’ issues a ‘‘Report Card’’ for America’s Infrastructure. The report depicts the condition and performance of American in-frastructure, assigning letter grades based on the physical condition and needed investments for improvement across 16 major infrastructure categories. The most recent report card was issued last year. Among the national rankings, transit systems were rated a D- and roads were rated a D. Dams: D. Drinking water: D. Inland waterways: D. Levees: D. We need to move this process forward. I am therefore proud to offer my own legislation today—not for a massive, all-encompassing infrastructure package—but rather, for a com-mon sense expansion of successful programs based on need and merit. I urge my col-leagues to consider it without delay, so that our country can begin making the investments it desperately needs. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SUPER-INTENDENT RANDY KING ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE NA-TIONAL PARK SERVICE 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, as a member who has the honor of representing the heart of Mount Rainier National Park, the jewel of the 8th Congressional District and Washington State, I rise today to recognize Superintendent Randy King for his outstanding service to our country, the environment, and the National Park Service and to congratulate him on his retirement on January 2, 2018. Randy was raised in Michigan and attended Michigan State University, where he devel-oped his love of the outdoors through outdoor excursions with family and friends. After col-lege, he began his accomplished 40-year ca-reer with the National Park Service, serving in six national parks including Yellowstone, Aca-dia, the Intermountain Regional Office, and even an assignment in Australia. In 2003, Randy moved to Mount Rainier National Park to serve as the Deputy Superintendent, includ-ing a 15-month detail as Acting Super-intendent in 2009 through 2010. Since 2011, Randy has served as the Superintendent of the Mount Rainier National Park. The challenges of managing the diverse landscape and needs of this park are endless. It includes 235,625 acres of forests, meadows, and mountains, and a National Historic Land-mark District. Every year, Mount Rainier is graced with millions of day-hikers, climbers, and outdoor enthusiasts who enjoy the visitor centers, back-country, and summit of the mountain’s 14,410 foot summit. With every visit comes inherent dangers from the wild landscape and it was often up to Randy and his team to plan and engage in rescue and re-covery efforts. Randy managed all of these challenges with skill and grace. During his tenure, Randy worked tirelessly to maintain open, honest relationships with surrounding community leaders, businesses, staff, and visitors. He oversaw upgrades to the permitting process, renovations to historical landmarks, improvements to trail and road ac-cess, increased stewardship opportunities within the park, and the opening of a memorial to those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice for their service to this country. I had the honor of working closely with Randy when we passed legislation to name the Eatonville Post Office after Ranger Margaret E. Anderson who gave her life protecting visitors in the park. As Co-Chair of the National Parks Caucus, Randy and I have worked together on many projects over the years in an effort to strengthen and protect our parks. Randy is a proven leader whose warmth, kindness, and charismatic leadership is a credit to the National Park Service and will be missed at Mount Rainier Mr. Speaker, I again offer my congratulations to Superintendent Randy King, for his service and dedication to the community and visitors of the Mount Rainier National Park. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on Decem-ber 13, 2017 and December 14, 2017, I was absent from the House and missed rollcall votes 676 through 684. Had I been present for rollcall 676, on or-dering the previous question on H. Res. 658, providing for consideration of H.R. 1638, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, and providing for consideration of H.R. 4324, the Strengthening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 677, on agreeing to the resolution, H. Res. 658, Pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 1638, the Ira-nian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, and providing for consideration of H.R. 4324, the Strengthening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Fi-nance Act, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 678, on or-dering the previous question on H. Res. 657, providing for consideration of H.R. 2396, the Privacy Notification Technical Clarifications Act; and providing for consideration of H.R. 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 679, on agreeing to the resolution on H. Res. 657, pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 2396, the Pri-vacy Notification Technical Clarifications Act; and providing for consideration of H.R. 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Trans-parency Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 680, on pas-sage of H.R. 1638, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 681, on mo-tion to recommit with instructions for H.R. 2396, the Privacy Notification Technical Clari-fication Act, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 682, on pas-sage of H.R. 2396, the Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 683, on mo-tion to recommit with instructions for H.R. 4324, the Strengthening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 684, on pas-sage of H.R. 4324, the Strengthening Over-sight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO BONNIE KIND 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Bonnie Kind for over 40 years of civil service. Bonnie began her career with the So-cial Security Administration as a student train-ee. This month she will retire from the Social Security Administration, where she served most recently as the Associate Commissioner for Budget and principal advisor to the Social Security Administration’s Chief Financial Offi-cer. Bonnie has provided consistent vigilance and stewardship of SSA’s approximately $1 trillion program budget and $12 billion admin-istrative budget. As Budget Officer for the Social Security Administration, Bonnie provides executive leadership and direction to SSA in admin-istering a comprehensive program of budget policy, formulation, presentation, and execu-tion. She is responsible for the financial re-sources needed to provide for one of our na-tion’s most vital public services—social secu-rity payments for more than 60 million people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JA8.004 E08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE10 January 8, 2018 
Bonnie has worked collaboratively with Con-gressional staff on details of the Social Secu-rity Administration’s budget and fostered an environment of open communication. She has excelled at developing relationships. Her knowledge of the budget process and the rela-tionships she has established have helped Congress understand and appreciate the unique aspects of the service provided by the Social Security Administration and scope of the agency’s impact, serving millions of Ameri-cans and employing more than 60,000 men and women across the nation. As Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee that oversees the administrative funding for the Social Security Administration, I want to thank Bonnie for her work providing information for Members and staff. Congress depends on the extensive expertise of dedi-cated public servants like Bonnie. Information from the agency is critical to making deci-sions—we could not do our work in Congress without the help of people like her. I want to congratulate Bonnie on her 40 years of public service. My understanding is Bonnie plans to travel to the Grand Canyon in the coming year and volunteer. I wish her the best of luck in her retirement. 
f 
PASTOR UYLESS D. LANDRY, SR. 40 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE COMMUNITY 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 40 years of service in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana by Pastor Uyless D. Landry, Sr. Pastor Uyless D. Landry, Sr. is the senior pastor of First Mount Calvary Missionary Bap-tist Church, in the uptown section of New Or-leans, Louisiana. For the last 40 years he has been much more than a typical pastor, who caters exclusively to the needs of his imme-diate parishioners. Since 1978, his reach has extended beyond the walls of the local church. In the community he is a humanitarian and philanthropist. Over the years, he has helped thousands of people with sound counsel and financial assistance, without federal aid. In 1951, Pastor Landry graduated from Booker T. Washington High School. In 1952, he married his high school sweetheart Emily Jackson. Together they raised four children, Uyless D. Landry, Jr., Darrell, Dawn and An-nette Landry. In 1969, Pastor Landry was called to the ministry. In 1974, he was or-dained and licensed to preach in the state of Louisiana. In 1975, he received a Bachelor of Theology from Union Baptist Theological Sem-inary. In 1978, he received a Master of The-ology from Union Baptist Theological Semi-nary. Pastor Landry loves the city and the people of New Orleans. His sense of service is for-ever a part of the city and his dedication to community embodies the spirit of New Orle-ans. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate Pastor Uyless D. Landry, Sr. for 40 years of service in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes. Had I been present for roll call vote number 710, S 1552—No Human Trafficking on Our Roads Act, I would have voted yea. 
f 
THE TRUMP JERUSALEM 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a statement on behalf of my con-stituent, Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman. Rabbi Zoberman is the Founding Rabbi of Congrega-tion Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Born in Chu, Kazakhstan (USSR) in 1945, he is the son of Polish Holocaust Survivors. 
The Trump Jerusalem Declaration is the first recognition by a U.S. President since the 1948 establishment of the Jewish State of Israel, with President Truman’s support, that Jerusalem is indeed its rightful, not only de-facto, capital. How ironic and telling that both President Truman and Trump were opposed by their State Department when taking their critical moves. The United Sates, the world’s only superpower and Israel’s major ally, reached out to the world’s only sovereign Jewish state to assure its questioned authentic narrative at a time of fateful crossroads in the Middle East and beyond. Israel has the anomaly of being powerful yet vulnerable given its limited geography and sworn enemies. If Israel’s Jerusalem nar-rative were false, it might unravel its bond with the entire Land of Israel. No wonder that both the Israeli government ruling coa-lition and opposition have applauded Presi-dent Trump’s forthright action. The Trump Declaration is flexible enough concerning ac-tual arrangements yet to be made by the Israelis and Palestinians. In a so far mori-bund and stagnant Peace Process, Trump’s reshuffling of the cards and providing a ‘‘re-ality check,’’ particularly to the Palestin-ians, will hopefully gather fruitful momen-tum. Israel knows that its Palestinian prob-lem is not going away, threatening its Jew-ish and Democratic character. The Palestin-ians may finally realize that time is not nec-essarily on their side. Israel’s past Prime-Ministers Barak and Olmert offered generous concessions that were nonetheless rebuffed by the Palestin-ians whose expectations are always higher. The late Prime-Minister Sharon’s painful re-turn of Gaza with a flourishing Israeli com-munity has been rewarded with Hamas and Islamic Jihad rockets and terror tunnels. Arab leaders have historically paid lip-serv-ice to their Palestinian brethren, while Israel absorbed close to a million Jewish ref-ugees from Arab lands. The Sunni Arab world is currently preoccupied with a nu-clear ambitious and aggressive Shia Iran whose menacing presence is growing close to Israel’s borders. Israel, characterized by Iran as ‘‘little Satan’’ and the United States as ‘‘big Satan,’’ is a credible partner in counter-acting Iran’s worrisome posture. How is it that the Arabs in general and the Palestinians in particular ‘‘have never missed an opportunity to miss an oppor-tunity,’’ to quote the late Abba Eban, Israel’s eloquent Foreign Minister and statesman. They unwisely rejected United Nations 181 Partition Resolution of Novem-ber 29, 1947, whose 70th anniversary was just celebrated by the Jewish people and still pro-tested by Palestinians blind to history’s op-portunities and facts. The Palestinian lead-ers have been lacking the courage to con-front their bitterly divided people with his-torical truth and reality that the Jewish state is deeply rooted, longer than anyone else, in its ancestral homeland. The Holo-caust, unfortunately, is not a figment of Zi-onist imagination as some Palestinian, Arab and Iranian leaders claim. Jordan lost East Jerusalem and the West Bank in the 1967 Six-Day-War, after King Hussein was warned not to attack Israel. An active movement to delegitimize Israel, perceiving it as a European colonial invader, is emboldened by the numerical and material influence of the 57 Muslim nation-states, in-cluding 22 Arab countries, represented in the United Nations U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley should be hailed as a heroic voice of steadfast support for Israel, with President Trump’s indispensable encouragement, in that deaf institution betraying its foundational promise. Coupled with hypo-critical Europe’s fading guilt for the monu-mental Holocaust, there is a preposterous charge that the Israeli-Jewish saga has no historical leg to stand on with Jerusalem ever a Muslim entity and the Temple Mount including the Western Wall/Noble Sanctuary void of vital Jewish as well as Christian memories. Totally disregarded are a great Biblical heritage, unbroken Jewish presence, millennial prayers and efforts to fully return to the physical and spiritual birthplace of ‘‘Zion and Jerusalem.’’ It is a non-starter for peaceful coexistence to reject Jewish peoplehood represented in the Jewish state. Israel has turned into a collective target, being demonized and dehu-manized with never-dying anti-Semitism, Western civilization’s oldest disease that Israel’s rebirth sought to cure. Given that Israel is perhaps the only nation whose very existence is being challenged and living in a hostile environment, it is a wonder that Israel created a robust democracy protecting human rights in a region abhorring them, re-jecting progressive ideas. Rather than the Palestinians despairing, a two-state creative solution is within reach with joint arrangements in Jerusalem, how-ever with a de-militarized Palestinian state friendly to both Israel and Jordan. A future confederation involving Israel, Jordan, and Palestine is not farfetched. Surely both sides can find in their separate and even con-flicting narratives meeting points and com-mon agendas for an assured bright future, for both peoples are destined to forever be neigh-bors. Palestinian education sans honoring its terrorists and ceasing hatred for Israel and Jews is urgently needed. Even Egypt and Jordan who signed peace treaties with Israel have neglected to teach their populations basic facts concerning Israel, and to welcome its eager friendship. In this sacred season of the lights of Chanukah and Christmas we re-member that both Jews and Christians are at risk in the Middle East. Jerusalem and the hills of Judea and Samaria, once the setting for inspiring prophecies, have ironically and tragically been deprived of Shalom’s divine gifts of genuine peace. The British Foreign Secretary Lord Bal-four Declaration on November 2, 1917 which empowered the Zionist movement with international clout is significantly rein-forced by President Trump Jerusalem Dec-laration on December 6, 2017. President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JA8.005 E08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE11 January 8, 2018 
Trump is now enshrined too in Jewish his-tory. He also is the first sitting U.S. Presi-dent to pay a visit at the Western Wall, Ju-daism’s holiest site. Both declarations allow for compromise by both sides whose century old rivalry may yet turn into a mutually re-warding source of healing. f 
HONORING KEISER UNIVERSITY ON ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Keiser University on celebrating its 40th anniversary. In doing so, I am pleased to be joined by colleagues of mine in the Florida Congressional delegation on introducing a res-olution to mark this important milestone. Keiser University was the vision of Dr. Ar-thur Keiser and his mother, Ms. Evelyn Keiser. In 1977, they set out to create a university de-signed to better serve adult learners seeking a career-focused education. Today, Keiser Uni-versity proudly offers over 100 degree granting programs, and was recently ranked as the second best Florida College by the prestigious U.S. News & World Report’s Best Colleges 2017, rankings in the South region. Over the past 40 years, Keiser University has been a shining example of what one can achieve through hard work and dedication. It has grown to become the third largest not-for- profit university in Florida, and boasts more than 66,000 alumni. The University has even stretched beyond the borders of the United States, establishing campuses abroad in Nica-ragua, Moldova, and China. Since coming to the U.S. Congress, I have watched Keiser University grow and expand its reach. Today, it has an annual economic impact of approximately $3 billion in Florida, and benefits our residents with over 30,000 di-rect and indirect jobs each year. Keiser University’s philosophy of putting stu-dents first is to be commended. They have proven themselves to be a home for quality higher education, and a source of great pride to the people of Florida. I am truly honored to represent Keiser University in my Congres-sional district. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Keiser University on its 40th anniversary with colleagues of mine in the Florida delegation. I wish Dr. Arthur Keiser, his mother Ms. Evelyn Keiser, Ms. Belinda Keiser, and the Board of Trustees many more years of continued suc-cess. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LAKELAND MAYOR HOWARD WIGGS’S RETIREMENT 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, some people want to be something. Some people want to do something. Lakeland Mayor Howard Wiggs has been a doer for our community, a leader, and perhaps most important, a friendly neigh-bor. For 25 years, Mayor Wiggs has reformed local government, inspired residents to get more involved, and cut more ribbons than any-one can count. And while that last part may sound ceremonial, it’s not: He got to cut those ribbons because during his tenure, and with his leadership, Lakeland has flourished with tremendous growth, economic development and revitalization, and the expansion and im-provement of critical public infrastructure. Now, as we bid him a happy retirement, he should know: We all love Lakeland, and Mayor Wiggs, through his wisdom and discernment, has made it even more lovable. Our nation’s prosperity relies on the strength of strong local governance, and for 25 years, Mayor Wiggs has made his corner of America that much stronger. It has been my privilege to work with Mayor Wiggs, both as a Member of the Florida House of Representatives and now in the United States House of Representa-tives. He has been a stalwart advocate for common sense, for decency, and for hard work. I know that my wife Cindy and I will al-ways have him and his wife Linda in our hearts and prayers for continued blessing, good health, and God’s favor for the future. We thank him for his service, and wish him all the best. f 
HONORING WESTCHESTER DAY SCHOOL 70TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of the great educational institutions in my district, the Westchester Day School, which this year will be celebrating its incred-ible 70th anniversary. Founded in 1948 with an enrollment of 54 boys and girls in kindergarten through grade 4, Westchester Day School (WDS) serves as the primary Modern Orthodox co-educational day school for the Westchester community, providing excellence in Judaic and General Studies education in a warm and nurturing en-vironment. The school’s mission is to prepare students to live as mensches and lifelong learners and inspires them to impact the world around them by cultivating a commitment to Torah, midot, community and academic rigor. WDS students become lifelong, independent learners who grow from inquiry, discovery, and reflective trial and error. They are problem- solvers who are flexible and adapt to new situ-ations, while identifying and responding to the needs of others with sympathy and empathy. WDS also sets out to instill within its students a love of God and a yearning to find spiritu-ality, fulfillment and joy in Jewish ritual, Torah- learning. They understand that they are a link in a chain of tradition that has flourished for thousands of years. Also instilled within the students is a devotion to the State of Israel, something I as Ranking Member on the House Foreign Affairs Committee am particularly heartened by and pleased to see. For 70 years now WDS has served as a beacon of educational excellence in West-chester, as the work done by its teachers, stu-dents, and faculty has been exemplary. I want to congratulate the entire WDS community on this wonderful milestone. Here’s to many more years of great success and learning. TRIBUTE TO GEORGE C. WRIGHT, JR. HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable life of trail-blazer and Delaware icon, George C. Wright, Jr. From humble beginnings in Chesapeake City, Maryland, George began his education in a one-room schoolhouse and excelled as an accomplished relay racer. Following the com-petition of his schooling, George was drafted into the United States Army, where he served in one of the first integrated units. After transitioning from the armed forces to civilian life, George continued his life of serv-ice at Dover Air Force Base in a career that spanned 33 years. His tenure began by off-loading trucks in the Aerial Port section of the base and led to his serving as the Chief of Staff for the Civilian Personnel Office’s Affirm-ative Employment Section, the second most senior non-military position at Dover. George was a dedicated public servant who built bridges and found common ground while serving for 12 years on the Smyrna Town Council. In 1981, he overcame the odds by becoming mayor of Smyrna by twenty votes— making history as the first African American to lead a Delaware municipality. George dutifully served his town for 14 years as mayor and ran unopposed in every re-election race— highlighting the faith his community placed in him George’s work in government inspired him to help Delaware’s other 57 cities and towns through his role as executive director of the League of Local Governments and as a board member of the National League of Cities. George was a devoted husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather and was an active member of Bethel AME Church in Smyrna. He will be missed by family mem-bers, friends, and neighbors alike for his com-munity leadership and the role model he be-came for young people across Delaware. We are deeply saddened by the loss of George, and I want to express my deep grati-tude for his service to our state, commitment to bettering the lives of those he served, and for breaking down barriers that allowed me and many others to follow in his footsteps. 
f 
MACOMB COUNTY 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 8, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 200th Anniversary of the founding of Macomb County, Michigan. Residents and leaders of Macomb County will kick off a se-ries of bicentennial celebrations on January 10, 2018. I have been privileged to represent major portions of Macomb County for over 25 years and to have played a role in so many efforts vital to the economic interests of its residents, and in many other facets important to their lives. Macomb County’s first residents were immi-grants attracted to Michigan by the fur trade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JA8.008 E08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE12 January 8, 2018 
It was organized on January 15, 1818, and was the third county created in what was then the Michigan territory. It was named for Gen-eral Alexander Macomb, a native of Detroit who commanded U.S. Army troops in defeat-ing the British in Plattsburgh, NY during the War of 1812. General Macomb later became the commanding general of the U.S. Army. Economic opportunity has driven the growth of Macomb County ever since, and with more than 18,000 businesses, Macomb County is a leader in a wide array of industries, including the auto industry, defense, advanced manu-facturing, health care, agriculture, and many more. Ford, General Motors, and Fiat Chrysler em-ploy 35,000 people at 10 facilities in Macomb County, and 460 companies in Macomb pro-vide products and services for the auto indus-try. The effort beginning in 2009 to save the domestic auto industry, in which my Michigan colleagues in the Congress and I were deeply involved, was critically important to the coun-try, and was deeply essential to the well-being of Macomb County and its people. The vital role Macomb County has played in our nation’s defense was prominently dis-played to the world during World War II, when the Detroit Arsenal Tank Plant, located in War-ren, MI produced a quarter of the tanks used in the war. Due to the efforts of federal, state, and local leaders, Macomb County has be-come an increasingly important center for the defense sector. Today, with strong support from us in Congress, the U.S. Army’s TACOM Life Cycle Management Command; Tank and Automotive Research, Development and Engi-neering Center (TARDEC); Selfridge Air Na-tional Guard Base; and the Michigan Defense Center are all major drivers of Macomb Coun-ty’s economy while contributing to the strength of our country. As important as businesses are to Macomb County, its vitality rests on its more than 867,000 people. Macomb County residents take pride in their communities and are con-stantly engaged in making them even strong-er. They value the 22 strong elementary and secondary school districts in the County, as well as Macomb Community College, recog-nized as one of the finest community colleges in the nation. They appreciate the important role that water resources including Lake St. Clair and the Clinton River play in the Coun-ty’s quality of life, as well as in its economy. And as Macomb County continues to grow, they join with elected leaders in welcoming new residents, whether they come from other communities in Southeast Michigan or from other countries, such as Iraq, India, Albania, Mexico, Lebanon, Yemen, Bangladesh, and many others. This is why leadership of Macomb County created and implemented the successful ‘‘OneMacomb’’ program, which pro-motes multiculturalism and inclusiveness as the County’s population becomes increasingly diverse. Mr. Speaker, since its inception 200 years ago, Macomb County has made immeasurable contributions to the Metro Detroit region, to the entire State of Michigan, and to our country. I encourage my colleagues to join me in cele-brating Macomb County’s bicentennial and in congratulating the people of Macomb County on this important historical milestone. SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Jan-uary 9, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 10 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine America’s water infrastructure needs and chal-lenges. SD–406 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Lou-isiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Lou-isiana, Howard C. Nielson, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and James R. Sweeney II, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Indiana. SD–226 JANUARY 11 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary, Ken-neth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights, and James Blew, of California, to be Assist-ant Secretary for Planning, Evalua-tion, and Policy Development, all of the Department of Education, Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary, Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsyl-vania, to be an Assistant Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Caro-lina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics, all of Department of Labor, and Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Med-ical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States policy in Syria post-ISIS. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and the nomina-tions of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Lou-isiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Georgia, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, Charles Barnes Goodwin, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Emily Coody Marks, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Holly Lou Tee-ter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, Joseph D. Brown, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas, Mat-thew D. Krueger, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Norman Euell Arflack, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky, and Ted G. Kamatchus, to be United States Mar-shal for the Southern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 JANUARY 16 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Homeland Security. SH–216 JANUARY 17 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine breaking new ground in agribusiness opportunities in Indian Country. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JA8.013 E08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D12 Monday, January 8, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S49–S79 Measures Introduced: One bill was introduced, as follows: S. 2282.
                                                            Page S67 
Measures Passed: RAISE Family Caregivers Act: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3759, to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                         Pages S68–69 
Coordinated Ocean Monitoring and Research Act: Senate passed S. 1425, to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                       Pages S69–75 
McConnell (for Wicker) Amendment No. 1869, to authorize an annual appropriation of $40,200,000 through fiscal year 2021 to carry out the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.).
                                           Page S72 
Campbell Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. 
                                                                                        Pages S50–60 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 89 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 2), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomina-tion.
                                                                                      Page S60 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, January 9, 2018, all post-cloture time on the nomination be considered expired, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or de-bate.
                                                                                      Page S75 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10:00 a.m., on Tuesday, January 9, 2018; and that all time during adjournment, recess, morning business, and Leader remarks count post- cloture on the nomination.                                       Page S75 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambas-sador at Large for International Religious Freedom. Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. William Roper, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force. Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Manage-ment). Phyllis L. Bayer, of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. Alex A. Beehler, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. Charles Douglas Stimson, of Virginia, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of the Navy. Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of fourteen years from February 1, 2016. Robert Hunter Kurtz, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of six years. Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of five years. Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four years. Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem for a term of fourteen years from February 1, 2018. David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint for a term of five years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D13 January 8, 2018 
Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council for a term of six years. Jeffrey DeWit, of Arizona, to be Chief Financial Officer, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2017. James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion for a term of seven years from October 27, 2018. Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Brendan Carr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2018. Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Transportation. Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Direc-tor of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. Susan Combs, of Texas, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Interior. Steven Gardner, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement. Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. Tim Thomas, of Kentucky, to be Federal Cochair-man of the Appalachian Regional Commission. Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Mem-ber of the Council on Environmental Quality. Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. Adam Lerrick, of Wyoming, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury. Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security. Stephen Parente, of Minnesota, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be Chief Execu-tive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation. Andrew M. Gellert, of New Jersey, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Chile. Kevin Edward Moley, of Arizona, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (International Organization Af-fairs). Josephine Olsen, of Maryland, to be Director of the Peace Corps. Leandro Rizzuto, of New Jersey, to be Ambas-sador to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Domi-nica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grena-dines. Marie Royce, of California, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of State (Educational and Cultural Affairs). Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director General of the Foreign Service. James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambas-sador to Luxembourg. Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany. Doug Manchester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas. Yleem D. S. Poblete, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Verification and Compliance). Susan A. Thornton, of Maine, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (East Asian and Pacific Affairs). Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Sec-retary of State (Management). James Edwin Williams, of Utah, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Department of Labor. Marco M. Rajkovich, Jr., of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Re-view Commission for a term of six years expiring August 30, 2022. William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics, Department of Labor, for a term of four years. James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Develop-ment, Department of Education. Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, sub-ject to the qualifications therefor as provided by law and regulations, and to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education. Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Labor. Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Labor. Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, De-partment of Labor. Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary of Education. Isabel Marie Keenan Patelunas, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of the Treasury. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD14 January 8, 2018 
Barry W. Ashe, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Annemarie Carney Axon, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Alabama. Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Alabama. Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Liles Clifton Burke, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Attorney General. Daniel Desmond Domenico, of Colorado, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colo-rado. Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Charles Barnes Goodwin, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma. Joseph H. Hunt, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Michael Joseph Juneau, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana. Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas. Emily Coody Marks, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ala-bama. Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Alabama. Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Tennessee. William M. Ray II, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. Eli Jeremy Richardson, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee. Jesse Seroyer, Jr., of Alabama, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Alabama for the term of four years. David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Holly Lou Teeter, of Kansas, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas. James E. Trainor III, of Texas, to be a Member of the Federal Election Commission for a term expir-ing April 30, 2023. Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Kathleen Troia McFarland, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                 Pages S76–79 
Executive Communications:                         Pages S65–67 
Executive Reports of Committees:                   Page S67 
Additional Cosponsors:                                    Pages S67–68 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                                Page S68 
Additional Statements:                                     Pages S64–65 
Amendments Submitted:                                       Page S68 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:             Page S68 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—2)
                                                                          Page S60 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:25 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Jan-uary 9, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S75.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget, and Mark L. Greenblatt, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Export-Import Bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D15 January 8, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public bills, H.R. 4737–4741; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 675 (1/3), 676 (1/5), and 677–680 (1/8), were intro-duced.
                                                                                  Page H18 
Additional Cosponsors:                                   Pages H18–19 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2954, to amend the Home Mortgage Disclo-sure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institu-tions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–485); H.R. 772, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclo-sure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–486); and H.R. 424, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue final rules relating to listing of the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–487).
           Pages H17–18 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                  Page H5 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:02 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                         Page H5 
Call of the House: The Speaker called the House to order and ascertained the presence of a quorum (357 present, Roll No. 1).
                                               Pages H5–6 
Committee to Notify the President of the As-sembly of the House: The House agreed to H. Res. 677, authorizing the Speaker to appoint a committee on the part of the House to notify the President that a quorum of the House has assembled, and that the House is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make. Subsequently, the Speaker appointed Representatives McCarthy and Pelosi to the committee.
                                                                  Page H6 
Notifying the Senate That a Quorum of the House Has Assembled: The House agreed to H. Res. 678, authorizing the Clerk of the House to in-form the Senate that a quorum of the House is present and that the House is ready to proceed with business.
                                                                               Page H6 
Meeting Hour: The House agreed to H. Res. 679, providing for the hour of meeting of the House. 
                                                                                                  Page H6 Speaker Pro Tempore Designations: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representa-tive Mooney (WV), Representative Simpson, Rep-resentative Mitchell, Representative Bucshon, Rep-resentative Arrington, and Representative McHenry to act as Speaker pro tempore to sign enrolled bills and joint resolutions through the remainder of the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress.
                          Page H6 
Morning Hour Debate: Agreed by unanimous con-sent that the order of the House of January 3, 2017, providing for Morning Hour Debate, be extended for the remainder of the 115th Congress, except that H. Res. 679 shall supplant H. Res. 9.
                        Page H6 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One quorum call (Roll No. 1) developed during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H5–6. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 8:23 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1374) 
H.R. 4661, to reauthorize the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants pro-gram, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emer-gency Response grant program, and for other pur-poses. Signed on January 3, 2018. (Public Law 115–98) S. 1536, to designate a human trafficking preven-tion coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, and for other purposes. Signed on January 3, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–99) S. 2273, to extend the period during which ves-sels that are shorter than 79 feet in length and fish-ing vessels are not required to have a permit for dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of the vessel. Signed on January 3, 2018. (Public Law 115–100) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD16 January 8, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on opportuni-ties to reform and strengthen Bank Secrecy Act enforce-ment, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the anticipated nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indi-ana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine attacks on United States dip-lomats in Cuba, focusing on response and oversight, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on how to move forward, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Pur-suit of Emerging and Exponential Technologies’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Advancing DOE’s Mission for National, Economic, and Energy Secu-rity of the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating CFIUS: Challenges Posed by a Changing Global Econ-omy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for a More Efficient Federal Financial Regulatory Regime: Part III’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 4532, the ‘‘Shash Ja´National Monument and Indian Creek National Monument Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; and S. 139, the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2017’’ [FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act of 2017], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 9 through January 12, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Wil-liam L. Campbell, Jr., Senate will vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Janu- ary 9, to hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on opportunities to reform and strengthen Bank Secrecy Act enforcement, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: January 10, to hold hearings to examine America’s water infrastruc-ture needs and challenges, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: January 9, to hold hearings to ex-amine the anticipated nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: January 9, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Wom-en’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine attacks on United States diplomats in Cuba, focusing on response and over-sight, 10 a.m., SD–419. January 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine United States policy in Syria post-ISIS, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan- uary 9, to hold hearings to examine the opioid crisis, fo-cusing on how to move forward, 10 a.m., SD–430. January 11, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary, Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, and James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Plan-ning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, all of the De-partment of Education, Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Di-vision, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commis-sioner of Labor Statistics, all of Department of Labor, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D17 January 8, 2018 Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Medical Director in the Reg-ular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be an As-sistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on the Judiciary: January 10, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Nielson, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and James R. Sweeney II, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. January 11, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and the nominations of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Georgia, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, Charles Barnes Good-win, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Emily Coody Marks, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Ten-nessee, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, Joseph D. Brown, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas, Matthew D. Krueger, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Norman Euell Arflack, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky, and Ted G. Kamatchus, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: January 9, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. January 11, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, January 10, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Update on the Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation (FIAR) Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, January 10, Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Further Examination of Federal Reserve Reform Proposals’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, January 10, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctions and Financial Pres-sure: Major National Security Tools’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. January 10, Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-sphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Upcoming Elections in the Western Hemisphere: Implications for U.S. Policy’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, January 10, Full Committee, ratification of subcommittee assignments; markup on H.R. 506, the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, January 10, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 219, the ‘‘Swan Lake Hydro-electric Project Boundary Correction Act’’; H.R. 801, the ‘‘Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act’’; H.R. 1220, to establish the Adams Memorial Commis-sion to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes; H.R. 2711, the ‘‘National Memo-rial to Fallen Educators Act’’; H.R. 3133, the ‘‘Stream-lining Environmental Approvals Act of 2017’’; and S. 117, the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, January 10, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4675, the ‘‘Low Dose Radiation Research Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, January 10, Sub-committee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Home Loan Churning Practices and How Veteran Homebuyers are Being Affected’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD18 January 8, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, January 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, January 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E11 Cole, Tom, Okla., E9 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E8 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E11 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E8, E11 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E10 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E11 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E7 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E7 Reichert, David G., Wash., E9 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E10 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E11 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E8 Taylor, Scott, Va., E10 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E7, E8, E9 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jan 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08JA8.REC D08JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST