Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7827 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2018 No. 147 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 5, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDY K. W
EBER , Sr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
TARIFF RELIEF The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak in support of H.R. 4318, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act. The tariff relief that is included in this bill will help lower input costs for American manufacturers that support thousands of good-paying jobs. This cost savings can be used to invest in new facilities and equipment, expand into new markets, and hire more em-ployees. It will also make the products these manufacturers make more af-fordable for our consumers here at home. This is a concrete measure to create jobs, Mr. Speaker, and help make our workers more competitive. I am proud of the broad bipartisan support that this bill had when it passed earlier this year, and I am pleased to see that same bipartisan support as we take it up once again on the House floor. EFFICIENT INFRASTRUCTURE TO FIGHT AGAINST  
ALZHEIMER ’S 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the BOLD Infra-structure for Alzheimer’s Act, bipar-tisan legislation that overhauls Amer-ica’s effort to combat a condition that affects more than 5 million Americans. That number is expected to triple, Mr. Speaker, by 2050. Not only is there a human cost to Alzheimer’s, there is an economic cost as well. Alzheimer’s costs Americans more than $259 billion each year. This bipartisan legislation will help the Federal Government take a very comprehensive approach to the fight against Alzheimer’s. It establishes Alz-heimer’s Centers of Excellence that will educate healthcare professionals and the public on Alzheimer’s and brain health. By creating a modern, ef-ficient infrastructure for prevention and treatment, it will improve caregiving for patients. 
f 
REQUESTING THE PRESIDENT TO RESIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I have written a letter to the President of the United States, which I am send-ing today, that carries a simple mes-sage on behalf of the American people: Mr. President, it is time for you to re-sign the office of the Presidency for the good of the United States and her peo-ple. It has become clear to Congress and the American people, especially those of us who do not exclusively watch sanitized versions on the President’s most supported media outlets, that, for decades, the President led a vast crimi-nal enterprise that went on to engage in criminal activity during the 2016 campaign for the White House and en-gaged in criminal activity since taking the office of President. The fact is clear. The President is the target of mul-tiple criminal investigations on several fronts: Number one, the violation of Federal election laws, including the failure to report payments and contributions as required under campaign finance law; Number two, the violation of tax, banking, and fraud laws related to The Trump Organization and immediate business associates and family mem-bers of the President; Number three, apparent involvement and encouragement of the illegal hack-ing of political opponents during the 2016 campaign and efforts to derail in-vestigations and inquiries since taking the office of President; and Number four, working and encour-aging and collaborating with a foreign government, Russia, to interfere in the 2016 election in order to help the Presi-dent’s campaign, combined with ef-forts, while in office, to obstruct jus-tice in the investigation of the cam-paign. Those are just four of the criminal conspiracies that point directly to the President of the United States and compromise his ability to continue leading the Nation. I have only 5 minutes to speak, so I don’t have the time to enumerate the convictions in Federal court of close associates of the President’s business interests and campaign, nor the guilty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.000 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7828 September 5, 2018 
pleas, the plea bargains, or the immu-nity granted to the President’s employ-ees, friends, and business associates, including those directly managing his political operation and serving in his White House. And, yes, the investigations are still going on, as are the prosecutions, guilty pleas, and sentencing of the President’s coconspirators in each of these four criminal matters. And we don’t know; there may be many more shoes to drop from local, State, and Federal prosecutors, because when you start looking under the rocks piled around this President, you find ample evidence of systematic fraud, criminal activity, and coverup. For me, this has nothing to do with the President’s racism, his misogyny, his homophobia and Islamophobia. It is different than his ties to and support for white supremacy or the voice he lends to the wildest and most discred-ited conspiracy theories the dark right web and talk radio can come up with. And as ugly as it was to hear, even his stark admission of sexual assault against women is separate from the systematic criminal activity he has clearly engaged in, much of which he, himself, has admitted unwittingly in television interviews. His policies are clearly damaging to the moral fabric of the American peo-ple, but this goes beyond the Presi-dent’s attacks on law enforcement, his giveaways to big polluters and oper-ations, his defense of the superrich, his assault on Federal workers, the plun-dering of the economy, and the lasting damage he is doing on a daily basis to our most important international rela-tionships with allies and foes alike. Vice President P
ENCE , with whom I served in this body, is someone I dis-agree with on almost every issue of im-portance, especially his offensive views on homosexuality, women’s rights, abortion, race relations, immigration, and almost anything else; but by com-parison, he is better, even if he is wrong on many, many policy issues. Therefore, while I do not relish a Pence Presidency, at this point, I feel it is an absolute necessity for the good of the country, for the good of our people, for the good of the world, and America’s place in that world. Mr. Speaker, in my letter, I humbly ask, as a proud American, patriot, pub-lic servant, a dad, a granddad, and a fellow human being, I ask the Presi-dent to resign immediately. Please resign and spare the Nation from this ongoing nightmare. Don’t do this to us. Don’t make us go down with you. Step aside, sir, for the good of our country and for the good of the world. Mr. Speaker, I will include in the R
ECORD my letter to the President of the United States asking him to resign. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. CELEBRATING SAM SNIPES’ 99TH BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a resident in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who cele-brated his 99th birthday last month. Morrisville resident Sam Snipes has lived a life defined by service and com-munity. Following in his father’s foot-steps in the legal community, Sam founded the Yardley firm, Snipes & Collins, after graduating from Temple Law School and Haverford College. Sam served as a dedicated public servant for nearly three decades as a Falls Township solicitor. For his com-munity service, Sam was honored with the United Way of Bucks County Founders Award and the Mark E. Gold-berg Award from the Bucks County Bar Association, among other distinctions. Sam truly embodies dedication to our home of Bucks County. He still lives on Snipes Farm, where he grew up, makes frequent appearances in pa-rades and other community events, and serves on several boards. Sam is truly a legend, and we wish him a very happy 99th birthday and thank him for brightening our commu-nity. 
RECOGNIZING BABY BUREAU IN WARMINSTER , 
PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a nonprofit or-ganization in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, that is actively working to as-sist underserved new mothers in our community. The Baby Bureau, based in War-minster, distributes baby bundles to new mothers shortly after delivery in the hospital. These baby bundles con-tain toddler clothes for all seasons, generously donated by thoughtful par-ents throughout Bucks County and be-yond. To date, The Baby Bureau has as-sisted over 2,500 babies and their fami-lies. I extend my gratitude to founder Fran Wasserman for her dedication to our community’s children and families. I applaud her leadership, which has led to The Baby Bureau’s partnership with dozens of community organizations and local businesses, and I encourage all of our constituents to follow her lead. 
RECOGNIZING BILL SOLOWAY  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an individual in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who em-bodies resilience, tenacity, and grit. Last month, Lower Mayfield resident Bill Soloway took the gold medal in the 2018 Transplant Games of America, held in Salt Lake City, Utah. Open to individuals who have received organ, marrow, and tissue transplants, the Transplant Games offer competitions in a wide variety of sports, including basketball, track and field, and swim-ming. Bill took the gold in badminton sin-gles while earning bronze medals in badminton doubles and cycling. Bill’s successes are made even more remark-able due to the fact that he was the re-cipient of a heart transplant a mere 3 years ago. After being diagnosed with conges-tive heart failure, it became evident that Bill needed a new heart. Despite such an intense medical procedure, Bill, who is an avid cyclist, was back on his bike only 10 weeks after receiv-ing his new heart. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Bill my constituent, and I congratulate him on his success in the Transplant Games. f 
UNDERSTAND THE POWER A COURT CAN WIELD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, tens of thousands of Arizona teachers took to the streets to demand that Governor Ducey and the Arizona State Legislature do right by Arizona students. It did so because Ducey and the State GOP have crippled the State’s public education system. Arizona spends the second lowest amount of money per student in the country, and Arizona’s teachers are paid at the second lowest rate in the country. Students and teachers alike describe textbooks held together by tape, moldy ceilings leaking on stu-dents, and classes so overcrowded that kids have to sit on the floor. Mr. Speaker, that is not what schools in the richest country in the world should look like. That is why Arizona’s teachers championed the Invest in Ed proposition, to secure over $600 million in annual education funds for Arizona after Governor Ducey failed to provide the resources our students so des-perately needed. Over a quarter of a million Arizonans signed their names to get the Invest in Ed proposal on Arizona’s ballot this fall. That is democracy in action. But last week, the Arizona State Supreme Court ordered the removal of the In-vest in Ed proposition from State bal-lots based on a small technicality. This appalling ruling is an insult to Arizona students, teachers, families, and to democracy. It is a blow to Arizo-na’s education system and our econ-omy. It is a naked power grab by the GOP that undermines our democracy by removing the right of voters to choose what is best for their kids and their communities. Invest in Ed wasn’t defeated because a majority of Arizonans votes against it. It wasn’t defeated because it was op-posed by an elected politician who can be removed from office in the next election. It was killed by Doug Ducey’s supreme court, a court that Ducey and the Arizona Republicans packed with conservatives. Governor Ducey fully understood the power a court can wield when he ran through his court-packing plan in 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.002 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7829 September 5, 2018 
to increase the size of the Arizona State Supreme Court. He knew the in-credible power of a supreme court pick, even at the State level. Mr. Speaker, we in Congress must not underestimate that power, espe-cially now. Donald Trump has nomi-nated Judge Brett Kavanaugh to fill a seat in the U.S. Supreme Court, and here is what we know: Judge Kavanaugh believes that a woman has no legal right to full auton-omy over her own body; Judge Kavanaugh believes that the agency created to protect consumers from fraud and predatory lending is un-constitutional; Judge Kavanaugh believes that ac-cess to affordable healthcare should be determined by your age or your gender or your preexisting condition; Judge Kavanaugh believes that the President should be above the law. Here is what we don’t know: We don’t know what is in the hun-dreds of thousands of pages of Kavanaugh’s records that the Trump White House has refused to release, contrary to a century of Supreme Court precedent. That is unacceptable. The Invest in Ed decision in Arizona is a blatant example of judicial power gone wrong, judicial power used to un-dermine democracy. If confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh would join a panel of Justices with this very same power: the power to keep gutting the Voting Rights Act, the power to keep green-lighting partisan gerry-mandering, the power to keep signing off on GOP efforts to purge the voter rolls. We cannot allow this to happen. Doug Ducey’s State supreme court set back democracy in Arizona. What Doug Ducey did to Arizona, Donald Trump will do to America with this Supreme Court. We cannot let that happen. My colleagues in the Senate should reject Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Our democracy depends on it. 
f 
b1015 OMINOUS SOCIALIST TREND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sound the alarm about an ominous trend that seems to be taking hold in our Nation. In June, a self-avowed democratic so-cialist jumped into the national spot-light in her quest to join this body. Many view her as carrying the mantle for a new socialist trend among some in the United States. So, I ask, what would socialist poli-cies mean for our country’s future? I have come to realize that a whole generation of Americans have grown up for whom the Soviet Union is just a distant historical memory. Many have no personal memory of when the Soviet Union came crashing down in 1991, which was dramatic proof that its so-cialist system was a dismal failure. Many can’t recall the feeling of na-tional pride over the fact that, in con-trast, the free economy of the United States had succeeded in producing the highest standard of living in world his-tory. So perhaps it is understandable that, for a new generation, the old, empty promises of socialism seem to carry a new allure. Socialism, by definition, is the polit-ical and economic theory of social or-ganization whereby production, dis-tribution, and exchange should be owned and regulated by the community as a whole. In other words, what is mine is yours, and what is yours is mine. Usually, it is the latter that gets peo-ple to buy in. That is, what is yours is mine. This concept holds a strong ap-peal for many people because it ad-dresses legitimate concerns over in-equity and injustice. The problem is that, for all its high- minded fairness, socialism doesn’t work. It is not just a castle in the air; it is the promise of a palace that is really built on quicksand. You don’t have to look back to the Soviet Union to see this. Venezuela is just the latest tragic ex-ample of socialism’s devastation. At the beginning of the 21st century, Ven-ezuela was one of the top 20 richest countries in the world. Today, its pov-erty rate is 87 percent, and its inflation rate is predicted to be approaching 1 million percent—yes, 1 million. Once, Venezuela’s capital was a tour-ist destination with a thriving culture. Today, it is the crime capital of the world. This crisis is the result of the redis-tributive policies and the systematic destruction of economic freedom by a corrupt and elitist administration. As President Trump said in his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly: ‘‘The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented.’’ It is a sobering reminder that while socialism’s torchbearers may change, the havoc it wreaks with its hollow promises remains the same. What we must remember is that America is not immune. As President Ronald Reagan fa-mously said: ‘‘Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinc-tion. We didn’t pass it on to our chil-dren in the bloodstream.’’ Socialism, faithfully implemented, could cripple our Nation’s peace and prosperity over time, just as it did in Venezuela. It is easy to see the allure of social-ism. Socialists say that they desire an equitable distribution of wealth and then characterize capitalism as ramp-ant greed and materialism. Ironically, it is typically the advo-cates of socialism who display the ex-cess desire for material goods. There is the obsession with making things free, from phones, to internet access, to a college education. Theirs is the obses-sion with disparities in income, rather than a concern with job opportunities. Socialism holds a strong appeal for many because it legitimizes coveting your neighbor’s possessions, which was once commonly understood as against the Tenth Commandment. And the premises of socialism, all under the high-minded guise of fairness, are any-thing but fair. Capitalism, on the other hand, is re-sponsible for the enormous levels of philanthropic giving that we see in the United States of America, the most generous Nation ever known to man-kind. We must continue to speak out bold-ly, not based on fear, but based on facts. We must continue to tell the truth, regardless of its popularity. We must continue to implement policies that unleash the power of our free economy and create more opportuni-ties for all Americans, like the re-cently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with its bipartisan opportunity zones. It is my firm belief that, in the mar-ketplace of ideas, freedom will always win out over socialism on the bases of merit, evidence, and facts. But it can-not win if no one is making the case. Mr. Speaker, let’s continue to stand up and speak out. Let’s make the case for freedom and opportunity for all Americans. f 
SHAM NOMINATION HEARINGS IN THE SENATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination and the sham hear-ings that are happening in the Senate today. Even before President Trump nomi-nated Judge Kavanaugh, Senate Major-ity Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL warned that the millions of pages in Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records would reopen controversies dating back to George W. Bush’s administration and delay consideration of his nomina-tion. But instead of following regular order, rather than obtaining Judge Kavanaugh’s full record and sharing it in a timely fashion with all the Sen-ators, Senate Republicans simply changed the rules. This is unaccept-able. The nine Justices who sit on the Su-preme Court make crucial decisions about justice in our country. At times, the Court’s landmark decisions have shown the best of who we are and what our country stands for, the ideas that our public schools should not be seg-regated based on race, that women have a right to make their own deci-sions about their bodies, and that ev-erybody has the right to marry the per-son they love. In other cases, Supreme Court deci-sions have been stains on our Nation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.004 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7830 September 5, 2018 
for instance, deciding that African Americans could not be U.S. citizens, upholding the cruel and unjust intern-ment of Japanese Americans during World War I, maintaining segregation, and striking down key provisions pro-tecting access to voting. Make no mistake, Judge Kavanaugh poses a serious threat to the rights that we hold so dear. Take, for in-stance, the case of Jane Doe, the teen-age girl who sought an abortion last year while being held in government custody in Texas. Jane Doe did everything herself to secure that abortion. She got permis-sion from a judge. She got her own transportation. And yet, the Federal Government physically blocked her from leaving the government-run shel-ter where she was detained. So then the ACLU sued on her behalf, and her case eventually made it in front of Judge Kavanaugh. Although he recognized the time sensitivity, even clarifying that she would no longer be able to seek a legal abortion in Texas at 20 weeks, Judge Kavanaugh blocked Jane Doe’s access to her legally allow-able abortion when she was about 15 weeks pregnant. He gave the Trump ad-ministration 11 more days to find a sponsor, a process that he was aware takes months to complete. He told Jane Doe that, after those 11 days, she could ask a lower court again for an abortion. If at 17 weeks she was unsuc-cessful, then he told her that she could bring it up again to him for consider-ation, which would have been sched-uled when she was, at that point, 18 or 19 weeks pregnant, if she were lucky. Court delays could have pushed it even further, seriously putting her at risk of being outside the window to obtain something that was her legal right. But, fortunately, the full court over-turned Judge Kavanaugh’s decision a few days later, and Jane Doe was able to proceed in the course that she chose for her own body, a decision that Judge Kavanaugh vehemently opposed. Fortunately for Jane Doe, Judge Kavanaugh’s decision was not the cru-cial vote deciding her future. But if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, the rest of the country will not be so lucky. There is broad consensus that Judge Kavanaugh would be a decisive vote to eliminate women’s constitutionally protected right to abortion, a right, by the way, that is not partisan. Seventy- one percent of voters support that right. In addition, Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he could be the de-ciding vote to undermine access to healthcare for millions of Americans. He has written dissenting opinions in three cases that would have under-mined the Affordable Care Act. In one of those dissenting opinions, Judge Kavanaugh argued that a President could choose not to enforce a law like the Affordable Care Act if he thought it was unconstitutional, even if a court had already ruled that it is constitu-tional. Further, in a 2013 speech, Judge Kavanaugh said that it is ‘‘a tradi-tional exercise of power by Presidents’’ to pick and choose which laws to en-force. At a time when we are hearing reports from the highest levels of our government that top aides to the Presi-dent are literally hiding papers from him so that he cannot execute orders that they view as dangerous to our se-curity and would result in geopolitical crises, what we need is a Justice who will serve as a check on the executive, as our Founders intended. The Senate has a responsibility to the American people to fully vet Su-preme Court nominees. The most basic function is for them to do the leg work of obtaining all records related to those nominees. I strongly urge my Senate colleagues to adjourn the Kavanaugh hearing, as Senator B
LUMENTHAL and my good colleagues proposed. A ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote for the people. 
f 
DISTRICT TRAVEL DURING AUGUST WEEK PERIOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share an update with the people I represent in Alabama on my travels during the August district work period. Each year, all of the Members of Con-gress take the month of August to spend time on the ground in their re-spective districts, meeting with con-stituents and local leaders, businesses, industries, and, ultimately, listening to the concerns of the people at home. Having this opportunity to hear first-hand from the people who live and work in Alabama’s Second District is very important, and I believe it enables me to be a better representative of our shared priorities while I am here in Washington. It was a busy month. I was fortunate to spend time in Montgomery, Ozark, Hartford, Geneva, Millbrook, Troy, Dothan, Fort Rucker, and Hope Hull. During my time in Montgomery, I met with Elmore County Commissioner Troy Stubbs, Alabama Farm Service Agency director David McCurdy, lead-ership from Deatsville’s Ingram State Community College, members of the Alabama Association of School Boards, folks from the Alabama Law Enforce-ment Agency’s Fusion Center, and more. Also in Montgomery, I visited the Gift of Life Foundation’s office, toured the MOOseum at the Alabama Cattle-men’s Association, spoke to the Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers at their lunch meeting, stopped by Sabel Steel for a visit, addressed the Squadron Of-ficer School at Maxwell-Gunter Air Force Base, toured Common Ground Ministries’ Mercy House facility, and more. In Ozark, I paid a visit to Wayne Farms to tour their recently opened feed mill. In Hartford, I participated in a meet-ing about rural broadband development efforts with Wiregrass Electric Cooper-ative. In Geneva, I had the opportunity to tour the impressive, newly completed career tech center called G-Tech. In Millbrook, I was privileged to speak to the Millbrook-Coosada Kiwanis Club during their weekly lunch meeting. In Troy, I visited with Troy Cable to learn more about their upcoming projects and some of the issues they have recently been facing. In Dothan, I spoke to the Wiregrass chapter of the Association of General Contractors. We had a great discussion about a wide variety of topics, includ-ing efforts right here in Congress to re-vitalize our Nation’s badly aging infra-structure. I also visited Dothan Behavioral Medicine Clinic, where I received a briefing about Clinicom technology that is being used to diagnose mental illness. Mental health is an acute prob-lem in this country, and I was pleased to learn more about their work. I stopped by Fort Rucker to tour the aeromedical research laboratory. I talked with many employees there about the importance of Army Avia-tion to our national security and the innovation happening on-post right in the Second District. I visited the Army Aviation support facility in Hope Hull for a briefing and an overview on their facility as well. While I was there, I enjoyed talking with General Gordon and Colonel Bass and many others. Mr. Speaker, these are just some of the many productive, informative meetings I had during this August dis-trict work period. Now that the month is behind us, I would like to extend a sincere thank you to all the individ-uals, businesses, local officials, and others who hosted me and visited with me over the last several weeks. It is always a true joy to be back at home visiting the various communities across Alabama’s Second District, and I look forward to more opportunities to learn from the people I represent. 
f 
WASHINGTON’S CULTURE OF CORRUPTION IS OUT OF CONTROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, wages are down; gas prices are up; and the culture of corruption here in Wash-ington, D.C., is out of control. And all the while, the 45th President of the United States of America spends more time on the golf course than any other President in American history. Things are spiraling out of control. The stakes are incredibly high. Not-withstanding that, the 115th Congress has been one of the most unproductive Congresses in the history of the Na-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.006 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7831 September 5, 2018 
b1030 Democrats and Republicans have two competing visions for what we need to do in order to make sure that every American can continue to experience the American Dream. Democrats, we want to move the country forward. Others want to turn back the clock. We are working hard to bring people together. Others are tearing us apart. We are fighting for working families and middle-class folks. Others are fighting for the wealthy and the well off. We believe in the public interest. Others are all about the special inter-ests. Democrats are fighting for the peo-ple. Others are fighting for the privi-leged few. We are fighting for working families, middle-class folks, senior citi-zens, the poor, the sick, the afflicted, veterans, people in rural America, urban America, suburban America. Democrats are fighting for the peo-ple. But my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, unfortunately, are fighting for millionaires, billionaires, mega corporations, lobbyists, big do-nors, all to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. Exhibit A is the Republican tax scam. That is their signature piece of legislation. That is what they are talk-ing to the American people about. You are proud of the fact that you passed a bill where 83 percent of the benefits go to the wealthiest 1 percent in America, explodes the debt by more than $1.5 trillion, then you want to come back to Congress and lecture us about cutting Social Security and Medicare? Are you kidding? Our For the People agenda will focus on lowering healthcare costs, strength-ening the Affordable Care Act, pro-tecting people with preexisting condi-tions, more than 100 million Ameri-cans. They want to take away that pro-tection. We are working hard to dra-matically lower the cost of lifesaving prescription drugs. That is the Demo-cratic For the People agenda. Wage stagnation is still a problem for the American people. The productivity of the American worker over the last 40-plus years has increased by more than 285 percent. During the same pe-riod of time, wages have gone up by less than 10 percent. The productivity gains of the Amer-ican worker have not gone to the American worker, they have gone to the privileged few. What do the Repub-licans do about it? Pass a tax bill where 83 percent of the benefits go to the wealthiest 1 percent. We have a different idea for what should take place. We are fighting for the people through increased pay an-chored in a real infrastructure plan that will fix our crumbling bridges, roads, tunnels, ports, mass-transpor-tation system; not a fake plan, it is a real plan. We will invest $1 trillion, create 16 million good-paying jobs, fight to make sure that everyday Americans can provide a comfortable living for themselves and for their fam-ilies. And, lastly, we are going to fight to clean up corruption here in Wash-ington, D.C.; not talk about it, actu-ally get something done to make sure that Washington works for the Amer-ican people. That is what you deserve. That is what Democrats are fighting hard to deliver: lower healthcare costs, in-creased pay, clean up corruption to make sure that Washington works for the people. 
f 
BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this morning I would like to recognize the 25th anniversary of the Black Family Foundation of Erie, Pennsylvania. The foundation was established in 1993 by a very distinguished con-stituent of mine, Mr. Samuel P. ‘‘Pat’’ Black, III, and his late father, an Erie legend, Mr. Samuel P. Black, Jr., who passed away in 2001 just 4 months shy of his 100th birthday. According to its mission statement, the foundation exists to fund systemic change. It proudly focuses on strategic non-profit investments throughout Erie County that leverage resources for the greatest gains in social progress. Its vision is profound and very ambi-tious. It exists: To promote continuous improve-ments in the quality of life around the globe by investing in projects that offer a high probability of not only transformational value, but also sus-tainable change. Over the course of its respected his-tory, the foundation has funded non-profit programs and organizations in the areas of health and welfare, entre-preneurial education, homelessness, environmental sustainability, eco-nomic initiatives, and technology ini-tiatives. Specifically, the organization has supported such initiatives as the cre-ation of the Elizabeth Lee Black School at the Barber National Insti-tute. This is an approved private school that offers state-of-the-art educational programs to children ages 3 through 21 with autism and intellectual and phys-ical disabilities. Over the last 15 years, Mr. Black and the Black Family Foundation have also supported hundreds of students through scholarships at Penn State’s Behrend College and at Mercyhurst University. In the last decade alone, the founda-tion has donated more than $13 million throughout the Erie community and to worthy organizations around the world. To Mr. Black and his family, we say: Happy anniversary, and may God bless you for all that you do to help bless others. f 
RECOGNIZING MARGIE TOWERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life of a teacher who continues to have an indelible impact on Arkansas, Margie Towery, who is this year’s Greenbrier School District Teacher of the Year. Margie has dedicated her life to serv-ing and educating Arkansas’ youth. This is her 26th year of teaching, in-cluding seven at the nearby University of Central Arkansas. Margie is a big advocate for STEM education, particularly for young girls, and even takes her students to local universities to participate in their STEM activities. She started and led the Rhetoric So-ciety at the high school until she be-came a full-time sponsor of the student council. Teachers like Margie prove that edu-cation is one of the best investments that America can make. I am proud to represent her and all the teachers of central Arkansas who are making a difference for our youth. 
ARNOLD HAMEISTER RETIREMENT  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a man who has had a major impact on conservation and preservation throughout Arkansas, Mr. Arnold Hameister. Arnold recently retired after 37 years of service to the Arkansas Forestry Commission. He started his career with the For-estry Commission in 1981 as a tower op-erator in Heber Springs, and 6 months later became a full-time ranger. Arnold then moved his family to Conway, where he served as the county ranger until he was hired by Best Man-agement Practices as a specialist. He ended his decades-long career as the program coordinator for water quality. Arnold and his family were recently honored at a celebration at the Depart-ment of Agriculture headquarters in Little Rock. Arnold’s service to the State of Ar-kansas and to environmental conserva-tion will never be forgotten, and I join all Arkansans in congratulating him on a remarkable career and a well-de-served retirement. 
RECOGNIZING TAMIKA EDWARDS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Tamika Edwards, who has just been named ex-ecutive director of the Social Justice Institute at Philander Smith College. Tamika has served her State and her country tirelessly throughout her whole career from her work as a former aide to U.S. Senator Blanche Lincoln, to her role as the Director of Govern-mental Affairs for Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.008 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7832 September 5, 2018 
A native of our hometown, Little Rock, Ms. Edwards is a graduate of the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff and a two-time alumna of the Univer-sity of Arkansas at Little Rock, most recently in 2012 with her law degree. Ms. Edwards’ passion for ensuring all voices are heard will serve her well as she oversees the Social Justice Insti-tute’s crucial work of educating stu-dents and the community in advo-cating for equal opportunity, treat-ment, and respect. So, again, I would like to congratu-late Ms. Edwards on her new position of leadership, and I look forward to working with her. 
RECOGNIZING NEOMI RAO  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Neomi Rao, the current Administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, for her important work in reducing the power of the Federal administrative state. Beginning in 2013, I outlined how our economic recovery was subpar in com-parison to post-World War II recov-eries, in part due to the wet blanket of the avalanche of Federal costs imposed by the previous administration. In Arkansas, we have seen Federal regulatory agencies have devastating economic effects on our farmers, our small business people, nonprofits, schools, colleges, and State agencies. Then comes Neomi Rao, and in her first year as administrator of OIRA, she led the way with the delay or with-drawal of 1,579 planned regulatory ac-tions, leading to almost $8 billion in lifetime savings for the economy and the American people. These successes have not stopped in 2018, where she has been working with every agency to set a negative regu-latory cost allocation to provide our local businesses, farmers, and schools the relief that they need. I commend Administrator Rao for her work at OMB in cutting red tape in Washington and giving control back to our States, our local communities, and our hardworking taxpayers. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE BIRTHDAY AND LIFE OF NORA MAE PIERCE GAULDEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the birthday and the life of Nora Mae Pierce Gaulden, born August 27, 1930, in Rock Hill, South Carolina. Nora Mae originally grew up in Cullowhee, North Carolina, in part of what is known as the Nantahala Na-tional Forest. She would grow up on a rural farm during the Depression and experience all the hardships associated with that era. ‘‘If you didn’t farm, you didn’t eat,’’ she would say, and the family would often barter and trade for their needs as they navigated life. Around the time of her 18th birthday, times began to change, and the family heard about a large company that would be hiring to fill shift work and laborers for a large facility being built down at the Piedmont. That company would be known as Celanese, and it was this turn of events in her life that brought her to her present hometown of Rock Hill, South Carolina. The family would uproot and set out across the mountain to see what this new place could bring. As a new employee, employee number 47, Nora was tasked with learning the job and then training others to fill shifts. She remembers sleeping on a bench while others worked and trained during these times, sometimes staying all night while work was ramping up. She would work there for 21 years, marry, grow a family, and eventually set on a direction leading her to today. Celanese was going to place her on shift work, so she decided to take a package instead and went to the unem-ployment office. There, she ran into Woodrow Byrum. ‘‘He told me not to even sign the papers, and come with him. I didn’t even get to draw my first check.’’ He needed someone to do food for the workers, so of course she went straight to work. That path led her to M. Lowenstein Corporation’s Rock Hill Printing and Finishing plant located in downtown Rock Hill. She would begin working there in 1959 and would stay on through the many changes, from the height of the textile boom to its slow demise within the Carolinas. Many role changes and job require-ments would come and go. The Rock Hill Printing and Finishing Company would eventually be sold to Springs In-dustries, and she would see even more changes in her life up until her ex-pected retirement in 1993. However, one large change was loom-ing on the horizon. That retirement would be postponed due to the loss of her husband, Rufus, who suffered an unfortunate drowning accident 6 months before their retirement. Sev-eral friends and family close to her ad-vised her to continue working, so that is exactly what she decided to do. ‘‘I told Rufus to build me a porch, so we could sit and rock and look out once we both retired.’’ She would go on to say, ‘‘He never got to enjoy that.’’ She stayed on with Springs con-tinuing to do the things she had done all of her life: love work, love family, love God, and never treat any one per-son better than another. That is her de-fining legacy. ‘‘God made all people,’’ she would say, ‘‘and He didn’t make one better than the other,’’ with her trademark finger pointing and one eye closed. Years would come and go. Time marched on, and part of Springs Indus-tries-Springs Creative would be born out of that time in 2007. Many things changed during those days, but Nora Mae did not. ‘‘I just stayed with the building.’’ She has continued to work with Springs and each year mulls over re-tirement. ‘‘Maybe this summer,’’ has been repeated over the last several years, ‘‘maybe not.’’ She keeps work-ing hard, calls everyone her children, stays true to God, never changes, and reaches a milestone 88th birthday this year. For 70 years, she has been a part of the Rock Hill community, sharing her-self with her love to everyone she meets and making this world a better place than when she found it. She would say, ‘‘God doesn’t change. Why should I?’’ Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to say what a great life this lady has lived. She is a great American, and she rep-resents all that is good with this great country. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House, that they might judiciously balance seemingly irrecon-cilable interests. Help them to execute their consciences and judgments with clarity and purity of heart so that all might stand before You honestly and trust that You can bring forth right-eous fruits from their labors. We thank You and so many staff who have worked hard to assist the Mem-bers in their work. May their efforts prove fruitful in the production of bills needed to fund the government into a future to benefit our great Nation. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.009 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7833 September 5, 2018 
The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE KILLED OR WOUNDED IN SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY The SPEAKER. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of si-lence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HISTORIC PASSAGE FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last month, at Fort Drum New York, surrounded by brave sol-diers, I had the incredible opportunity to attend the signing of the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, NDAA, by President Donald Trump, fulfilling promises made, prom-ises kept. This critical legislation, thanks to the leadership of House Armed Services Committee Chairman M
AC THORN -
BERRY , passed the House and Senate, bipartisan, in record time, becoming law before the start of the fiscal year for first time in 20 years. As Armed Services Readiness Sub-committee chairman, I appreciate that the NDAA begins and enhances train-ing, spare parts, equipment, and weap-ons systems maintenance, promoting safety and effectiveness. The NDAA has an important part for South Carolina by promoting Fort Jackson and its role as the largest ini-tial entry training facility of the U.S. Army, which is commanded by Briga-dier General Milford Beagle. Also important are the missions of the Savannah River National Labora-tory, which is a bipartisan effort by Congressman JIMCLYBURN from South Carolina and a bistate effort by Con-gressman R
ICKALLEN from Georgia. I am also grateful that Fort Gordon has been reinforced to continue as the U.S. Army Cyber Command head-quarters. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
TONAWANDA COKE NEEDS TO COMPLY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAW (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on September 3, first respond-ers were called to a fire at Tonawanda Coke in western New York. As they ap-proached the blaze, the company blocked them from entering the plant. This obstruction of firefighters from the blaze threatened the health and safety of first responders, plant em-ployees, and the surrounding neighbor-hood. Tonawanda Coke has a long history of this kind of erratic corporate behav-ior and is in violation of Federal and State environmental laws, including dozens of provisions of the Clean Air Act. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy and the New York State Depart-ment of Environmental Conservation needs to put an end to Tonawanda Coke’s reckless actions. Tonawanda Coke needs to be made to comply with the letter of any and all environmental law, or they should be shut down. 
f 
MAKE PENSION SECURITY A PRIORITY (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, every American who works hard and plays by the rules should be able to retire in dignity, supported by the pension that they have earned. Instead of protecting these hard-working Americans, this Republican- led Congress prioritized tax cuts for the biggest corporations and the wealthiest Americans. Now some of the largest pension plans for workers are on the verge of collapse; 1.5 million Americans, including 43,000 in my home State of Michigan, are at risk. These workers have earned their pen-sions. They worked a lifetime contrib-uting to them, and now they are having the rug pulled out from under them? Patricia from Michigan is one of those retirees. Here is what she told my office: ‘‘I was a single mother rais-ing one child. I thought putting money into the pension was my security. Now you want to take it away. I was never on welfare—I worked. If I lose my pen-sion, I will not be able to pay for the basics: utilities, taxes, car insurance, food.’’ So unless Congress steps up, pensions for Americans like Patricia will be cut. Let’s vote on bipartisan legislation that I cosponsored, the Butch Lewis Act, which addresses this pension cri-sis. This legislation ensures that multi-employer pension plans remain solvent and continue providing retirees and workers with the retirement benefits that they have earned. It is long past time to take up this legislation. f 
TIME TO STRATEGICALLY ENGAGE WITH TRADE PARTNERS (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump’s erratic trade policies, in-cluding abrupt tweets on new tariffs or exemptions, are hurting American workers and making it harder for American businesses to compete. Last week, I had the opportunity to visit eight businesses in my district to better understand the impact of these tariffs. While each business was dis-tinct, all shared a common message: Tariffs are creating uncertainty, rais-ing the cost of doing business, and making it harder to hire and expand. These concerns were true across the businesses I visited, from a large manu-facturer in Wheeling that saw a 30 per-cent to 40 percent increase in the price of domestic steel, to an educational toy and game company in Vernon Hills that had to redesign upcoming prod-ucts. We certainly must hold bad actors who take advantage of trade rules to account, but President Trump’s tariffs on our allies are not working for the American people. It is time, instead, to strategically engage with our trade partners; end the misguided trade wars; and, instead, enact sensible, enforce-able trade agreements that support American workers, American busi-nesses, American intellectual property, and our environment. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 5, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.012 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7834 September 5, 2018 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 5, 2018, at 11:29 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 186. That the Senate passed S. 994. That the Senate passed S. 2553. That the Senate passed S. 3021. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 1109. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 5385. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 5772. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1635, EMPOWERING STU-DENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FI-NANCIAL COUNSELING ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4606, ENSURING SMALL SCALE LNG CERTAINTY AND AC-CESS ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1049 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1049 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4606) to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small vol-umes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. b1215 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, during consideration of this resolution all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. T
ORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 1049, which provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 4606, the En-suring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act, and a structured rule for H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act. These bipartisan bills pro-vide commonsense changes that will strengthen our economy by removing unnecessary regulatory burdens and improving financial counseling for our students. Student loan debt in our country hit a record high of $1.5 trillion in the first quarter of this year, Mr. Speaker. Fur-thermore, both the number and size of student loans are increasing, while the repayment rates are decreasing. Stu-dents are not receiving the proper counseling when they enroll in Federal aid programs. This has the potential to cost them immense amounts of money. Right now, schools are only required to provide entry and exit financial counseling to students who receive Federal loans. Often, the counseling of-fered does not give students a realistic understanding of their anticipated fi-nances and income during their studies and after graduation, or information about other Federal aid programs they could turn to before a private loan. By enhancing the financial coun-seling offered and expanding it to stu-dents who receive Pell grants and to the parents of students who take out Federal loans to pay for their chil-dren’s education, students will better be able to manage their finances and maximize their opportunities, saving themselves and the taxpayers money every single year. Mr. Speaker, we provide over $120 bil-lion of Federal student aid every year, without providing adequate education and support about how to use those funds. This must change. With this bill, we will begin to give our students the tools and resources necessary to ensure they put themselves in the best finan-cial position for the future. H.R. 1635 does just that. Additionally, the rule we are consid-ering today makes in order several bi-partisan amendments that are aimed at making this good bill even better. The rule that we are debating this afternoon, Mr. Speaker, also provides for consideration of H.R. 4606, the En-suring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act. This rule makes in order two Democrat amendments to this bi-partisan bill which also will help strengthen our economy and create more American jobs. Mr. Speaker, as you know, the United States is now the world’s lead-ing producer of oil and natural gas. And my home State of Wyoming ranks sixth in production of crude oil, and eighth in natural gas production. How-ever, despite the important and even monumental efforts by the Trump ad-ministration so far, uncertainty and burdensome regulations still stifle op-erations and further growth. Currently, the Natural Gas Act does not specify an amount threshold for the Department of Energy’s lengthy regulatory process for the exportation of liquefied natural gas. This means that producers wanting to export a small amount of gas are forced to go through the same process as major pro-ducers. By providing greater regulatory cer-tainty and a clear timetable for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.001 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7835 September 5, 2018 
process of exporting small amounts of LNG, we will better enable exporters to move forward with capital-intensive projects that create American jobs. We also are able, Mr. Speaker, through this bill, to preserve existing environmental laws and ensure that small-scale export facilities receive the proper review. Wyoming’s petroleum industry di-rectly employs over 7,000 people, with an annual payroll of over $668 million, contributing over $900 million to our economy. The small scale LNG export market is a growing sector of our economy with immense potential that can fur-ther expand the economic benefits the petroleum industry yields to my State and to the Nation. This bill will open up markets where large-scale exports are simply not economical and help jump-start growth in this important industry. H.R. 4606 places small-scale exports on a level playing field with exports to free trade agreement nations. Many of our neighboring countries are forced to rely on unstable or unfriendly nations for their energy needs because the reg-ulations we currently place on our small-scale LNG exporters makes ex-porting to these nations uneconomical. Mr. Speaker, by reducing these regu-lations, U.S. LNG exports can play an important role in rebuilding parts of the Caribbean devastated by hurricanes in 2017, as well as provide a stable source of energy. It will also prevent our neighbors from having to turn, po-tentially, to our adversaries to meet their energy needs. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of an energy boom that is revitalizing our economy. It is also putting us in a posi-tion where we can greatly assist our neighbor countries by providing them a stable source of energy and offering support in the event of a natural dis-aster. The current unnecessary and overly burdensome regulations on small LNG exporters prevent us from taking full advantage of this unprecedented growth in our energy production and industry. H.R. 4606 allows us to address this issue and to provide an additional boost to our economy. Mr. Speaker, the bills that will be considered under this rule are bipar-tisan bills that will help strengthen our economy and support our students. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this rule that will allow consider-ation of H.R. 4606 and H.R. 1635, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As we return to the Capitol this week, there remains countless crises which demand our attention: children still separated from their families; children being murdered on school grounds, while this body stands idly by doing nothing, turning a blind eye to gun violence. We have trade wars started by this President which are raising the cost of businesses in our communities and put-ting some companies out of business. Finally, the government runs out of funding at the end of the month, the end of this month, Mr. Speaker. We find ourselves facing yet another Re-publican government shutdown. But instead of funding the govern-ment and averting a shutdown, the ma-jority has decided that these two bills are the best use of our time. That is right. The majority believes that the best use of what precious legislative time remains, 10 days, is to codify a DOE rulemaking that was just recently finalized. Why don’t we provide some meaning-ful oversight over this administration? We have agency after agency attack-ing our Nation’s workers, students, homeowners, and the health of our en-vironment. We have a President who is starting trade wars and, reportedly, is itching to start real wars. But instead, all the majority is inter-ested in doing is bringing unnecessary bills on the margins, such as the ones that we are considering today. The first bill, H.R. 4606, will codify into law a Department of Energy rule-making that went into effect less than 3 weeks ago. H.R. 4606 is a solution in search of a problem. The current ap-proval process is working. However, by enshrining this rule into law, the majority is, in essence, saying that all small scale exports of LNG are always and will always be in the public’s interest and will continue to be so. This is shortsighted and, if it turns out to be wrong, it will be much harder to correct this policy once it be-comes law than if it were to remain a current DOE rule. In addition, we are considering H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act. I wish to credit my Republican col-leagues. This is a bipartisan bill. This is an example of what can be done when bills are given full hearings, a markup, and represent the consensus of the people’s House. Unfortunately, the benefits of this bill are mitigated by actions from this administration that make it harder for students. For example, this past Feb-ruary, Republicans on the Education and the Workforce Committee passed the PROSPER Act. The so-called PROSPER Act is a highly partisan reauthorization of the Higher Education Act that cuts nearly $15 billion from Federal student aid, leaving students with more expensive loans that are more difficult to repay; more expensive loans for young Ameri-cans with the highest interest rates in nearly a decade. And just last week, the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau’s student loan ombudsman, whose job was to pro-tect student borrowers from predatory lending practices, resigned, resigned from his position. In his resignation letter, Seth Frotman wrote that the Trump administration has ‘‘turned its back on young people and their finan-cial futures.’’ Mr. Frotman also stated that under the leadership of Acting Director Mulvaney, ‘‘. . . the Bureau has aban-doned the very consumers it is tasked by Congress with protecting’’ and that Director Mulvaney has ‘‘. . . used the Bureau to serve the wishes of the most powerful financial companies in Amer-ica,’’ not surprising to me. Mr. Frotman wrote that the Bureau has failed student loan borrowers. While this bill may help, H.R. 1635, in no way, reverses the damage this ad-ministration has caused our students. Congress is supposed to be a check on the administration, not a rubber stamp. The rule we are considering makes in order two amendments to H.R. 4606 and seven amendments in order to H.R. 1635. I am deeply disappointed that my two amendments were not made in order to H.R. 1635. My amendments would have helped students who have suffered from the closure of schools or school branches. When schools close, it is the students who are the real losers. They are sad-dled with debt and left having to navi-gate a complicated process for loan re-lief. b1230 The two amendments I offered would have streamlined the process for stu-dents to have their loans discharged, ensuring that bureaucracy didn’t slow down providing these students the re-lief that they need, and fixed the Pell grant process to make sure that stu-dents wouldn’t be limited in pursuing their educational goals at a new insti-tution. These are bipartisan ideas, which have been reviewed by the cur-rent administration. I am disappointed that the House wouldn’t even allow an open process; however, I am certainly not surprised. After all, this is the most closed Con-gress in our Nation’s history. I hope that we can aim to do better and give our constituents a real debate in this House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the Rules Committee, Mrs. T
ORRES , for her comments today. I think that Mrs. T
ORRES and I both agree that Congress needs to ensure that we are playing our constitutional role, and that is why I find it particu-larly surprising that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to fur-ther empower the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is a com-pletely unaccountable and, I would argue, unconstitutional agency. In fact, statutorily, Mr. Speaker, with the regulation of student loans under the Higher Education Act, Con-gress has charged the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.017 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7836 September 5, 2018 
Education with this obligation and re-sponsibility, not the CFPB, and that is where we think it should belong. We don’t think that the answer to congres-sional oversight and to increasing con-gressional oversight is to give further power to a completely unaccountable Federal agency. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IG-
GINS). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act. Mr. Speaker, the United States is currently experiencing an energy ren-aissance. Liquefied natural gas produc-tion, or LNG, in the United States is playing a major role in the changing of the international landscape, with America now leading the way in inno-vative new LNG technologies and be-coming a major energy exporter. I am proud to say that much of this national accomplishment comes as a result of the contributions of many LNG endeavors based in my district in south Louisiana. The success we are currently experi-encing is just the beginning. During this Congress, we have worked with the Trump administration to roll back many of the previous administration’s regulations that injured American in-dustry. In fact, the previous executive branch, in many ways, actually weaponized Federal agencies against the oil and gas industry. Conservatives in this Congress have worked to imple-ment commonsense reforms like the legislation we are considering today to revive the American energy industry and bring energy security to our Na-tion. H.R. 4606 would provide for the expe-ditious consideration of NEPA exclu-sion applications to import and export small quantities of natural gas. This is a needed reform that will help encour-age economic development and create jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support to-day’s combined rule that includes this legislation and to support the full measure when it comes to the floor for a final vote. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the cost to attend college has continued to rise, so has the amount of debt students and their parents have had to take on. According to the Federal Reserve, the out-standing loan debt stands at approxi-mately $1.5 trillion and climbing. This debt load has hampered the ability of young graduates to buy their first home, a car, or start a small business. Congress needs to do more to help students and their parents deal with the student loan crisis. This is why I rise today to offer my colleagues on the other side of the aisle the oppor-tunity to pass a comprehensive bill to ensure that every student has a path to a debt-free degree or credential that leads to a rewarding career. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up H.R. 6543, the Aim Higher Act. This thoughtful proposal invests in our students, mak-ing higher education more affordable while also addressing the rising costs of college. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman T
ORRES for her leadership and Ms. C
HENEY for her hard work on the Rules Committee. Mr. Speaker, in 1965, when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher Education Act, he said that it meant ‘‘that a high school senior anywhere in this great land of ours can apply to any college or any university in any of the 50 States and not be turned away be-cause their family is poor.’’ Unfortunately, 53 years later, the promise of an affordable education is out of reach for millions of students. In May of this year, America’s out-standing student loan debt surpassed $1.5 trillion. With the cost of college education and the debt needed to afford it grow-ing each year, Americans are demand-ing action to lower the crushing costs of higher education; and thus it is im-perative that we pass a comprehensive update to the Higher Education Act which deals with the full menu of Fed-eral policy that will keep higher edu-cation affordable. Unfortunately, the majority has failed to bring HEA to the floor in that long overdue rewrite, and today we are only left with the Financial Counseling bill that we are going to vote on, which is just a sliver of what we need to do to build America’s future workforce. In 2008, the last HEA was negotiated under then-Chairman George Miller and passed the House and Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support. Fast- forward to last December, the majority introduced the misnamed PROSPER Act, a misguided attempt to update HEA that guts $15 billion from Federal student aid and diverts taxpayer money to low-quality, predatory pro-grams. Unlike 2008, this bill squeaked out of the Education and Workforce Com-mittee on a party-line vote. Fortu-nately, that bill has not seen the light of day ever since. In the absence of any movement on a long overdue update of HEA, I am pleased to report that committee Democrats stepped into this vacuum and introduced the Aim Higher Act, a comprehensive approach to higher edu-cation. Under the Aim Higher Act, every student will have the oppor-tunity to earn a quality, debt-free de-gree or credential that leads to a re-warding career. This bill makes a number of changes to higher education to make degrees more affordable and easier to pay off. It provides 2 years of tuition-free com-munity college to every high school graduate through Federal-State part-nerships, incentivizes States to rein-vest in their 4-year public colleges and universities, and makes Federal finan-cial aid more generous to keep pace with increased tuition costs. Additionally, knowing that 4-year college isn’t for everyone and that our workforce needs are changing, our bill allows students to use their Pell grants for quality, short-term certificate pro-grams that provide an accelerated path to the workforce. As I mentioned before, our student loan debt is at the highest level it has ever been, $1.5 trillion. That is the highest amount of consumer debt out-side of mortgages. This debt burden is a drag not on just the student graduate or a family, it is a drag on our entire economy that impacts when or if a buyer can buy a home, start a family, get a small business off the ground, or change careers. Today, many interest rates for stu-dent loans are often far higher than other consumer borrowing, yet, like other forms of debt, student loans can-not be refinanced as interest rates drop, saddling 25 million borrowers with thousands of dollars in extra debt. Our bill fixes that and will allow stu-dents to refinance their loans to more affordable rates. Looking at the nationwide shortage of teachers and primary care doctors, our bill preserves the effective Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, which the PROSPER Act abolished, to encourage talented individuals to pur-sue careers in high-need fields. It also expands the program to ad-dress challenges in our farming com-munities, where the average farmer age is now 58 years old and new farmers en-tering the field have drooped by 20 per-cent. The Aim Higher Act isn’t just fo-cused on cutting the cost of higher edu-cation; it is also focused on improving the quality of higher education. It cracks down on predatory institutions that waste student and taxpayer money by peddling expensive, low-qual-ity programs. Our veterans who have earned their GI Bill benefits through service and sacrifice are frequent targets and vic-tims of fraudulent schools, as Mrs. Holly Petraeus, the wife of General David Petraeus, crisscrossed America a couple years ago as a representative of the Consumer Finance Protection Bu-reau to warn veterans of these rip-offs. And finally, the Aim Higher Act gives students the tools they need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.019 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7837 September 5, 2018 
graduate on time. We invest in campus childcare for student parents, sub-sidized housing for homeless and foster youth, faculty training for students with disabilities, and community cen-ters to help student veterans transition to civilian life. Policy is defined by priorities. In-stead of spending limited resources on a tax cut for those who don’t need it, we believe that we should invest in our children and in the future of our econ-omy. That is what the Aim Higher Act does. Mr. Speaker, I hope you will join us in pushing for a higher education sys-tem that puts the promise of quality, debt-free degrees and a rewarding ca-reer within the reach of all Americans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Chairwoman for recog-nizing me. Mr. Speaker, I represent rural east-ern and southeastern Ohio, which is no stranger to the benefits of natural gas. It sits on top of the Utica and Marcellus shale plays, which have led to a growing interest in new and excit-ing manufacturing opportunities, like ethane cracker plants and ethane stor-age hubs. Those opportunities have become viable thanks to new technologies that have led to an increase in natural gas production. But that increased produc-tion has also been the result of the growing demand for excess U.S. natural gas. H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act, will help ensure the United States takes full advantage of our opportunities for excess small scale LNG exports, along with encouraging production opportu-nities here at home. Specifically, this bipartisan bill pro-vides that applications under the Nat-ural Gas Act for the importation or ex-portation of small volumes of natural gas, that being defined as 0.14 billion cubic feet per day, shall be granted without delay, but only if they do not require an environmental assessment under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act. Despite the U.S. being the world’s leading producer of oil and natural gas, American companies are unable to effi-ciently export small quantities of gas to neighboring countries. By reducing regulatory constraints and codifying a similar rule issued by the Department of Energy, H.R. 4606 will better allow our domestic providers the opportunity to provide a stable source of U.S. en-ergy to countries currently reliant on Venezuelan fuel oil, which has been used to gain influence in countries in the Caribbean and Central and South America. This effort to increase U.S. energy opportunities within the region is not new, as the previous administration also sought to increase energy engage-ment through the creation of the Car-ibbean Energy Security Initiative. As many independent and DOE-com-missioned studies have confirmed, the benefits of natural gas exports are clear. They are a net positive to our domestic economy, but that is not the only benefit. As Puerto Rico continues to rebuild after the devastating hurricane in 2017, increased shipments and availability of reliable U.S. natural gas can help the island meet its energy needs. Additionally, LNG exports can only serve to strengthen U.S. ties with countries throughout the region. With U.S. natural gas reserves as large as they are and with new techno-logical advancements allowing our pro-ducers to access an increasing amount of natural gas each and every day, it is imperative that the U.S. take full ad-vantage of this abundant resource and the economic benefits it provides here at home. H.R. 4606 is a step in that di-rection. It will strengthen U.S. geo-political ties, increase job creation, and promote economic growth as a re-sult. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone to vote for this rule and this common-sense underlying bill. b1245 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The House is currently scheduled to be in session for just 10 days before funding for the government runs out— 10 days. And while the House has passed partisan appropriation bills, none of them have been signed into law. If Congress fails to act, it will be the third time the government has shut down in 2018 alone—the third time. Let me remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that the Repub-lican Party is in charge of the House. The Republican Party is in charge of the Senate and the White House. Presi-dent Trump is again playing games, and without leadership from this House and our colleagues in the Senate, his desire for a government shutdown will cause real people pain and hurt our growing economy. Three thousand Federal workers in my district have heard President Trump tell them that they are the rea-son that we are in debt. Three thou-sand workers in my district and 2 mil-lion nationally are wondering if they will be furloughed, while corporations and millionaires get massive tax cuts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I again would like to thank my colleague from the Rules Committee for her work and her par-ticipation in this debate. I hope that the minority leader of the United States Senate, Mr. S
CHUMER , might have been listening to her argu-ments just now, and I would just recall for our colleagues that it was the Democrats in the Senate, led by Mr. SCHUMER , who shut the government down earlier this year, not the Repub-licans. Mr. Speaker, it was the Democrats in the House and the Senate who walked away from the negotiations on the budget deal that we finally were able to strike, but not before they refused to show up for at least one meeting at the White House. So it is the case that the Republicans are in control of this body. It is the case that we have a majority in the Senate. As my colleague knows, we don’t have 60 votes in the Senate, and so Mr. S
CHUMER and the Democrats in the Senate are able to gum up the works pretty extensively. But as for us in the House, we have, Mr. Speaker, been successful in passing all 12 appropriations bills. We have been successful in passing the nec-essary appropriations bills without the help of the Democrats in order to make sure that we are providing the funds that we need to keep the government open and keep the government func-tioning. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to partici-pate in a good-faith manner, particu-larly in the coming weeks as we deal with the Defense Appropriations bill once again on this floor, and just re-mind them how important it is that we make sure that our men and women in uniform receive the funds that they de-serve. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHN-
SON) and my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) for their important and hard work on these bills. We must con-tinue to roll back the regulatory bur-dens that make doing business in our country so difficult. We also have to give our students the tools they need to maximize their op-portunities for success and to under-stand the financial liabilities that they are undertaking when they receive these student loans. We don’t want them to have a future that is dimin-ished by the burden of unnecessary debt that they can’t repay once they graduate. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the rule and passage of the un-derlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mrs. T
ORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1049 O FFERED BY  M
S. TORRES  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6543) to amend and strengthen the Higher Education Act of 1965 so that every student has a path to a quality, debt-free degree or credential that leads to a rewarding career. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.020 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7838 September 5, 2018 
the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6543. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution ....  [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1302 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama) at 1 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 1049; and Adoption of House Resolution 1049, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1635, EMPOWERING STU-DENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FI-NANCIAL COUNSELING ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4606, ENSURING SMALL SCALE LNG CERTAINTY AND AC-CESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 1049) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling require-ments under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4606) to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the im-portation or exportation of small vol-umes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 221, nays 186, not voting 21, as follows: [Roll No. 382] YEAS—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.007 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7839 September 5, 2018 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Capuano DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Gohmert Jenkins (WV) Maloney, Sean Messer Palazzo Poe (TX) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Sanford Sensenbrenner Speier Titus b1329 Messrs. DOGGETT, RYAN of Ohio, COSTA, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The question is on the reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 224, noes 180, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 383] AYES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—24 
Barletta Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Capuano DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Gohmert Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Loebsack Maloney, Sean Messer Palazzo Pelosi Poe (TX) Rice (SC) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Sanford Sensenbrenner Speier Titus Yarmuth 
b1336 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.004 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7840 September 5, 2018 
will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
EMBASSY SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TION ACT, FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4969) to improve the design and construction of diplomatic posts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4969 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Embassy Se-curity Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. STANDARD DESIGN IN CAPITAL CON-STRUCTION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s Bu-reau of Overseas Building Operations (OBO) or successor office should give appropriate consideration to standard embassy design, in which each new embassy and new consulate starts with a standard design and keeps customization to a minimum. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State shall, in consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, carry out any new embassy compound project or new con-sulate compound project that is in the design phase or pre-design phase as of the date of the enactment of this Act and that utilizes a non-standard design. The Secretary shall provide such committees, for each such project, the following documentation: (1) A comparison of the estimated full lifecycle costs of the project at issue to the estimated full lifecycle costs of such project if such project were to use a standard em-bassy design. (2) A comparison of the estimated comple-tion date of such project to the estimated completion date of such project if such project were to use a standard embassy de-sign. (3) A comparison of the security of such completed project to the security of such completed project if such completed project were to use a standard embassy design. (4) A justification for the Secretary’s selec-tion of a non-standard design over a standard embassy design for such project. (5) A written explanation if any of the doc-umentation necessary to support the com-parisons and justification, as the case may be, described in paragraphs (1) through (4) cannot be provided. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States that the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations of the Department of State or its successor office shall continue to balance functionality and security with accessibility as defined by guidelines established by the United States Access Board in constructing embassies and consulates and shall ensure compliance with the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 to the fullest extent possible. 
SEC. 4. CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION TRANS-PARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 118 of the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 304) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘AN-
NUAL REPORT ON EMBASSY CONSTRUCTION  
COSTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ QUARTERLY REPORT ON  
OVERSEAS CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS ’’; and (2) by amending subsections (a) and (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section and every 90 days thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a comprehensive re-port regarding all ongoing overseas capital construction projects and major embassy se-curity upgrade projects. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing with respect to each ongoing overseas capital construction project and major em-bassy security upgrade project: ‘‘(1) The initial cost estimate as specified in the proposed allocation of capital con-struction and maintenance funds required by the Committees on Appropriations for Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams. ‘‘(2) The current cost estimate. ‘‘(3) The value of each request for equitable adjustment received by the Department of State to date. ‘‘(4) The value of each certified claim re-ceived by the Department of State to date. ‘‘(5) The value of any usage of the project’s contingency fund to date and the value of the remainder of the project’s contingency fund. ‘‘(6) An enumerated list of each request for adjustment and certified claim that remains outstanding or unresolved. ‘‘(7) An enumerated list of each request for equitable adjustment and certified claim that has been fully adjudicated or that the Department has settled, and the final dollar amount of each adjudication or settlement. ‘‘(8) The date of estimated completion specified in the proposed allocation of cap-ital construction and maintenance funds re-quired by the Committees on Appropriations not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of an Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs. ‘‘(9) The current date of estimated comple-tion.’’. (b) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The first report re-quired under subsection (a) of section 118 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (as amended by this section) shall include an annex regarding all overseas capital construction projects and major em-bassy security upgrade projects completed during the 10-year period ending on Decem-ber 31, 2018, including, for each such project, the elements specified in subsection (b) of such section 118 (as amended by this sec-tion). 
SEC. 5. CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE INFORMA-TION. 
(a) D EADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—The Sec- retary of State shall complete by October 1, 2020, all contractor performance evaluations required by subpart 42.15 of the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation. (b) P
RIORITIZATION SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall develop a prioritization system for clearing the cur-rent backlog of required evaluations referred to in subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The system required under paragraph (1) should prioritize such evalua-tions as follows: (A) Project completion evaluations should be prioritized over annual evaluations. (B) Evaluations for relatively large con-tracts should have priority. (C) Evaluations that would be particularly informative for the awarding of government contracts should have priority. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall brief the appro-priate congressional committees on the De-partment of State’s plan for completing all evaluations by October 1, 2020, and the prioritization system developed pursuant to this section. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) contractors deciding whether to bid on Department of State contracts would benefit from greater understanding of the Depart-ment as a client; and (2) the Department should develop a forum through which contractors can rate the De-partment’s project management perform-ance. 
SEC. 6. GROWTH PROJECTIONS FOR NEW EMBAS-SIES AND CONSULATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each new embassy compound project (NEC) and new consulate compound project (NCC) in or not yet in the design phase as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Management Pol-icy, Rightsizing, and Innovation of the De-partment of State shall project growth over the estimated life of the facility at issue using all available and relevant data, includ-ing the following: (1) Relevant historical trends for Depart-ment personnel and personnel from other agencies represented at the NEC or NCC that is to be constructed. (2) An analysis of the tradeoffs between risk and the needs of United States Govern-ment policy conducted as part of the most recent Vital Presence Validation Process, if applicable. (3) Reasonable assumptions about the stra-tegic importance of the NEC or NCC, as the case may be, over the life of the building at issue. (4) Any other data that would be helpful in projecting the future growth of NEC or NCC. (b) O
THER AGENCIES .—Each Federal agency represented at an embassy or consulate shall provide to the Department of State, upon re-quest, growth projections for the personnel of such agency over the estimated life of such embassy or consulate, as the case may be. (c) B
ASIS FOR ESTIMATES .—The Department of State shall base growth assumption for all NECs and NCCs on the estimates required under subsections (a) and (b). (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Any congressional notification of site selection for a NEC or NCC submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act shall include the growth assumption used pursuant to sub-section (c). 
SEC. 7. LONG-RANGE PLANNING PROCESS. 
(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary of State shall develop— (A) a comprehensive six-year Long-Range Overseas Buildings Plan (LROBP) docu-menting the Department of State’s overseas building program for the replacement of overseas diplomatic facilities taking into ac-count security factors under the Secure Em-bassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 and other relevant statutes and regulations, as well as occupational safety and health factors pursuant to the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 and other relevant statutes and regulations, in-cluding environmental factors such as indoor air quality that impact employee health and safety; and (B) a comprehensive six-year plan detailing the Department’s long-term planning for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.029 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7841 September 5, 2018 
maintenance and sustainment of completed facilities, known as a Long-Range Overseas Maintenance Plan (LROMP), which takes into account security factors under the Se-cure Embassy Construction and Counterter-rorism Act of 1999 and other relevant stat-utes and regulations, as well as occupational safety and health factors pursuant to the Oc-cupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 and other relevant statutes and regulations, in-cluding environmental factors such as indoor air quality that impact employee health and safety. (2) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The first plan devel-oped pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall also include a one-time status report on existing small diplomatic posts and a strategy for es-tablishing a physical diplomatic presence in countries in which there is no current phys-ical diplomatic presence. Such report, which may include a classified annex, shall include the following: (A) A description of the extent to which each small diplomatic post furthers the na-tional interest of the United States. (B) A description of how each small diplo-matic post provides American Citizen Serv-ices, including data on specific services pro-vided and the number of Americans receiving services over the previous year. (C) A description of whether each small diplomatic post meets current security re-quirements. (D) A description of the full financial cost of maintaining each small diplomatic post. (E) Input from the relevant chiefs of mis-sion on any unique operational or policy value the small diplomatic post provides. (3) U
PDATED INFORMATION .—The annual up-dates of the plans developed pursuant to paragraph (1) shall highlight any changes from the previous year’s plan to the ordering of construction and maintenance projects. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
UBMISSION OF PLANS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the completion of the LROBP and the LROMP, the Secretary of State shall submit such plans to the ap-propriate congressional committees. (2) R
EFERENCE IN BUDGET JUSTIFICATION MA -
TERIALS .—In the budget justification mate-rials submitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees in support of the Depart-ment of State’s budget for any fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), the plans specified in the LROBP and LROMP shall be referenced to justify funding requested for building and maintenance projects overseas. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The plans required to be submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude classified annexes (c) S
MALL DIPLOMATIC POSTDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘small diplomatic post’’ means any consulate that has em-ployed five or fewer United States Govern-ment employees on average over the 36 months before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 8. VALUE ENGINEERING AND RISK ASSESS-MENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Federal departments and agencies are required to use value engineering (VE) as a management tool, where appropriate, to re-duce program and acquisition costs pursuant to OMB Circular A–131, Value Engineering, dated December 31, 2013. (2) OBO has a Policy Directive and Stand-ard Operation Procedure, dated May 24, 2017, on conducting risk management studies on all international construction projects. (b) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
UBMISSION TO AUTHORIZING COMMIT -
TEES.—The proposed allocation of capital construction and maintenance funds that is required by the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of an Act making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall also be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees. (2) REQUIREMENT TO CONFIRM COMPLETION  
OF VALUE ENGINEERING AND RISK ASSESSMENT  
STUDIES .—The notifications required under paragraph (1) shall include confirmation that the Department of State has completed the requisite VE and risk management studies described in subsection (a). (c) R
EPORTING AND BRIEFING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of State shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees upon request— (1) a description of each recommendation from each study described in subsection (a) and a table detailing which recommenda-tions were accepted and which were rejected; and (2) a report or briefing detailing the ration-ale for not implementing recommendations made by VE studies that may yield signifi-cant cost savings to the Department of State, if implemented. 
SEC. 9. BUSINESS VOLUME. 
Subparagraph (E) of section 402(c)(2) of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4852(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘in 3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘cumulatively over 3 years’’. 
SEC. 10. EMBASSY SECURITY REQUESTS AND DE-FICIENCIES. 
The Secretary of State shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees, upon request, information on security deficiencies at United States diplomatic posts, includ-ing— (1) requests made over the previous year by United States diplomatic posts for security upgrades; and (2) significant security deficiencies at United States diplomatic posts that are not operating out of a new embassy compound or new consulate compound. 
SEC. 11. OVERSEAS SECURITY BRIEFINGS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall revise the Foreign Affairs Man-ual to stipulate that the Bureau of Diplo-matic Security of the Department of State shall provide a security briefing or written materials with up-to-date information on the current threat environment in writing or orally to all United States Government em-ployees traveling to a foreign country on of-ficial business. To the extent practicable, such briefing or written materials shall be provided to traveling Department employees via teleconference prior to their arrival at a post. 
SEC. 12. CONTRACTING METHODS IN CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) D ELIVERY .—Except in cases in which the Secretary of State determines that such would not be appropriate, the Secretary shall make use of the design-build project delivery system at diplomatic posts that have not yet received design or capital con-struction contracts as of the date of the en-actment of this Act. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days after any determination to make use of a de-livery system other than design-build in ac-cordance with subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall notify the appropriate congres-sional committees in writing of such deter-mination, including the reasons therefor. (c) P
ERFORMANCE EVALUATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall report to the appropriate congressional committees re-garding performance evaluation measures in line with GAO’s ‘‘Standards for Internal Con-trol in the Federal Government’’ that will be applicable to design and construction, lifecycle cost, and building maintenance pro-grams of the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations of the Department of State. SEC. 13. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated $2,314,474,000 for fiscal year 2019 for the pur-poses of the ‘‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’’ account of the De-partment of State, of which $1,549,015,000 is authorized to be appropriated for the costs of worldwide security upgrades. 
SEC. 14. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) in the House of Representatives— (i) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (ii) the Committee on Appropriations; and (B) in the Senate— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations; and (ii) the Committee on Appropriations. (1) D
ESIGN -BUILD .—The term ‘‘design- build’’ means a method of project delivery in which one entity works under a single con-tract with the Department of State to pro-vide design and construction services. (2) N
ON-STANDARD DESIGN .—The term ‘‘non- standard design’’ means— (A) a design for a new embassy compound project or new consulate compound project that does not utilize a standardized embassy design for the structural, spatial, or security requirements of such embassy compound or consulate compound, as the case may be; or (B) a new embassy compound project; or new consulate compound project that does not utilize a design-build delivery method. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ERA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me make this obser-vation for my colleagues. The U.S. De-partment of State operates more than 270 diplomatic posts around the world, often in difficult and sometimes very, very hostile environments. These em-bassies and consulates project Amer-ican power and reflect our values. They protect the lives of the Americans who work in and visit those embassies every day. We owe it to the American people and those who serve us overseas to build the most secure, effective, and efficient embassies and consulates that we possibly can. That is why I want to thank Chair-man M
IKEMCCAUL, the author of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.006 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7842 September 5, 2018 
bill, who is with us. Each day, there are thousands of brave Americans who serve our country at our embassies and consulates overseas. These facilities are our outposts for democracy. While our diplomats serve overseas, it is our job to ensure that they have the re-sources and support they need. This bill will do just that, by authorizing critical resources for embassy security, construction, and maintenance; en-hancing worldwide security protection; and lastly, improving oversight of em-bassy design and construction of these consulates and embassies. The threats facing our embassies and diplomats overseas are real. We need to respond. The reported sonic attacks against our diplomats serving in Ha-vana—and Canadian diplomats serving there, too, as you will recall—serve as a stark reminder of the real and com-plex security challenges they face on a daily basis. Yet, the last time Congress authorized resources for enhanced em-bassy security was immediately after al-Qaida bombed the U.S. Embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. Over 220 people were killed and 4,000 others were injured in these attacks. On August 7, we solemnly recognized the 20th anniversary of those cowardly attacks. Thus, we must strengthen our resolve to do everything within our power to prevent another Nairobi or Dar es Salaam attack by constructing the safest, most secure, and most ap-propriate diplomatic posts around the world. That starts with this bill, which, if enacted, will be the first embassy se-curity authorization in 15 years. Since the East African Embassy bombings, the State Department has used several different approaches to de-sign and construct new posts quickly and efficiently. This is no small task, but what has become clear is that ef-fective congressional oversight of these projects is essential to ensuring their success. That is why this bill promotes effi-cient contracting methods, ensures the facilities meet security and safety standards, and engages with the State Department in an effective, long-range planning process for the new projects. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4969, which will improve the security, effectiveness, and effi-ciency of our embassies and consulates. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1345 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, and let me thank Mr. M
CCAUL and Ms. K
ELLY , both members of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for author-ing this important legislation and Chairman R
OYCE for bringing it to the floor. One of the most important things that we deal with on our committee is protecting the lives of the brave Amer-ican citizens working at our embassies and consulates abroad. This legislation will help us improve the way we pro-vide embassy security. This bill would also authorize the embassy security, construction, and maintenance account for the next year at $2.3 billion, the same level appro-priated for the account this year. Now, what has me concerned is the Trump administration has asked Con-gress to slash embassy security by $700 million. That just isn’t right. Mr. Speaker, the clearest indication of an administration’s priorities is its annual budget. Frankly, it is astound-ing to me that the Trump administra-tion has proposed such massive cuts to embassy security funding for 2 years in a row. On the campaign trail, President Trump spent a lot of time blaming Sec-retary Clinton for the tragic attacks on our consulate in Benghazi. He did so with little regard for the facts. Sec-retary Pompeo, as a Member of this body, especially during the time of the absurd Benghazi Select Committee, ex-pressed a great deal of outrage over the handling of diplomatic security. Now they have tried to cut funding for em-bassy security at every opportunity. My message for them is simple: There is no cost too high to protect the lives of our diplomats and their fami-lies. I wish the President and the Sec-retary understood that. Fortunately, Congress has the last word on these issues. We have come to-gether in a bipartisan way for the past 2 years and rejected President Trump’s draconian cuts to embassy security funding. This bill represents another rejection of the Trump administra-tion’s dangerous proposal. Additionally, I would like to high-light two provisions in the bill. The first requires that all U.S. Government employees traveling abroad on official business receive a written or oral secu-rity briefing from the State Depart-ment on potential threats. This is a commonsense measure, and it is, hon-estly, bizarre that it isn’t already re-quired. Second, I also want to thank Mr. MCCAUL and Ms. K ELLY for including language that requires the State De-partment to provide our committee with a strategy for establishing a phys-ical diplomatic presence in countries in which we currently have no physical diplomatic presence. Lastly, I strongly support a universal approach to U.S. representation abroad, and I continue to be dis-appointed that we have no embassies in several countries in the Eastern Carib-bean where Venezuela, Cuba, and oth-ers are present and active. Being ab-sent significantly weakens U.S. leader-ship in the Caribbean and elsewhere around the globe. Finally, let me say, while I am pleased that we are advancing this leg-islation, I am disappointed that it is moving as a standalone bill and not as it was originally intended, as the title of our committee’s State Department authorization bill. Given the chair-man’s hard work on the State Depart-ment authorization bill, I am sure that the gentleman shares my concern. I hope that we can breathe new life into the legislative effort by the end of this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, let me thank the gentleman for mentioning the State Department au-thorization. We are still working on that measure. We hope to move that. In the interim, though, the ability to move on the floor now with the em-bassy security measure is important. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, of course, a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and he is the author of this bill. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, the Embassy Security Authorization Act. Embassies are really the physical representation of the United States abroad. An American Embassy is the means in which the United States con-ducts its foreign policy and advances our interests around the world. There-fore, protecting our embassies and dip-lomats should be our number one pri-ority. That is why my bill authorizes over $2.3 billion for embassy security. If enacted into law, this would be the first embassy security authorization in 15 years. Furthermore, my bill makes critical reforms in how we build future embassies and think about our secu-rity. In 1998, we had to reassess our em-bassy security when terrorists, at the direction of Osama bin Laden, bombed U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, killing over 220 people and injuring 4,000 more. In retrospect, these attacks foreshadowed bin Laden’s intentions to attack America. At the time, it forced us to reassess how we go about building our embassies and consulates. A year later, Congress adopted a standard embassy design for our mis-sions abroad. This design improved se-curity, expedited construction, and saved money. However, recently, we have deviated from the standard em-bassy design in favor of projects prioritizing aesthetics. Our embassies constantly face threats from hostile actors, even in friendly and allied countries. Our em-bassies are extensions of the homeland, and we must treat them as such. To that end, my bill would require the State Department to provide Congress with justification should an embassy or consulate project not use a standard design. While I appreciate the goal of dis-playing American might through a striking embassy design, we must pre-vent a repeat of Kenya and Tanzania. My bill, with the $2.3 billion authoriza-tion and standard design reforms, is a good step forward towards achieving that balance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.030 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7843 September 5, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Ms. K
ELLY for her leadership on this issue, as well as Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their work on this important piece of legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I will close by again thanking Chair-man R
OYCE for bringing this legislation to the floor. We have no greater duty on our com-mittee than to protect Americans serv-ing abroad. I am very pleased that we are making several essential fixes in our approach to embassy security in this legislation and authorizing the embassy security, construction, and maintenance at a robust level. We live in a dangerous time, and the Trump administration’s budget would put our diplomats at even greater risk than what they have already faced on a daily basis, so I am glad that the House is stepping in to do what is needed. Finally, let me say again, while I am pleased this bill is moving forward, I don’t believe the window has closed on getting a comprehensive State Depart-ment authorization bill to the Presi-dent’s desk, and I continue to stand ready to work with the chairman to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I support the chair-man’s motion; I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, America’s embassies obviously are forward operating bases for our democracy, for our system. The brave men and women who serve at those posts represent our country on a daily basis and represent them often in a difficult and increasingly dangerous environment. As we have tragically seen before, diplomatic posts overseas are often the first and easiest targets our enemies choose to attack. Importantly, this legislation will improve the security, the functionality, and the efficiency of our embassies and our consulates through enhanced oversight and better management of the construction of new diplomatic facilities. So, again, I want to thank Chairman M
IKEMCCAULof Texas, and I want to thank Representative R
OBIN KELLY , as well as Ranking Member E
NGEL and the many members of the committee from both sides of the aisle who have worked extensively on this important piece of legislation. Our embassies project American power. They do reflect our values. We owe it to our diplomats and the Amer-ican people to build the best embassies possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4969, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CYBER DETERRENCE AND RESPONSE ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5576) to address state-sponsored cyber activities against the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5576 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Deter-rence and Response Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On February 13, 2018, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence stated in his testimony before the Senate Select Committee on In-telligence that ‘‘Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea will pose the greatest cyber threats to the United States during the next year’’ through the use of cyber operations as low-cost tools of statecraft, and assessed that these states would ‘‘work to use cyber operations to achieve strategic objectives unless they face clear repercussions for their cyber operations’’. (2) The 2017 Worldwide Threat Assessment of the United States Intelligence Community stated that ‘‘The potential for surprise in the cyber realm will increase in the next year and beyond as billions more digital devices are connected—with relatively little built-in security—and both nation states and malign actors become more emboldened and better equipped in the use of increasingly wide-spread cyber toolkits. The risk is growing that some adversaries will conduct cyber at-tacks—such as data deletion or localized and temporary disruptions of critical infrastruc-ture—against the United States in a crisis short of war.’’. (3) On March 29, 2017, President Donald J. Trump deemed it necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13694 as ‘‘Significant malicious cyber- enabled activities originating from, or di-rected by persons located, in whole or in sub-stantial part, outside the United States, con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign pol-icy, and economy of the United States.’’. (4) On January 5, 2017, former Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, former Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence, Marcel Lettre, and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Mi-chael Rogers, submitted joint testimony to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that stated ‘‘As of late 2016 more than 30 nations are developing offensive cyber attack capabilities’’ and that ‘‘Pro-tecting critical infrastructure, such as cru-cial energy, financial, manufacturing, trans-portation, communication, and health sys-tems, will become an increasingly complex national security challenge.’’. (5) There is significant evidence that hack-ers affiliated with foreign governments have conducted cyber operations targeting compa-nies and critical infrastructure sectors in the United States as the Department of Justice and the Department of the Treasury have an-nounced that— (A) on March 15, 2018, five Russian entities and 19 Russian individuals were designated under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, as well as pursuant to Executive Order 13694, for interference in the 2016 United States elections and other malicious cyber-enabled activities; (B) on March 24, 2016, seven Iranians work-ing for Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps-af-filiated entities were indicted for conducting distributed denial of service attacks against the financial sector in the United States from 2012 to 2013; and (C) on May 19, 2014, five Chinese military hackers were charged for hacking United States companies in the nuclear power, met-als, and solar products industries, and engag-ing in economic espionage. (6) In May 2017, North Korea released ‘‘WannaCry’’ pseudo-ransomware, which posed a significant risk to the economy, na-tional security, and the citizens of the United States and the world, as it resulted in the infection of over 300,000 computer sys-tems in more than 150 countries, including in the healthcare sector of the United Kingdom, demonstrating the global reach and cost of cyber-enabled malicious activity. (7) In June 2017, Russia carried out the most destructive cyber-enabled operation in history, releasing the NotPetya malware that caused billions of dollars’ worth of dam-age within Ukraine and across Europe, Asia, and the Americas. (8) In May 2018, the Department of State, pursuant to section 3(b) of Executive Order 13800, prepared recommendations to the President on Deterring Adversaries and Bet-ter Protecting the American People From Cyber Threats, which stated ‘‘With respect to activities below the threshold of the use of force, the United States should, working with likeminded partners when possible, adopt an approach of imposing swift, costly, and transparent consequences on foreign governments responsible for significant ma-licious cyber activities aimed at harming U.S. national interests.’’. 
SEC. 3. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS STATE-SPONSORED CYBER ACTIVITIES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION AS A CRITICAL CYBER  T
HREAT ACTOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State, and in co-ordination with other relevant Federal agen-cy heads, shall designate as a critical cyber threat actor— (A) each foreign person and each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state that the President determines to be knowingly re-sponsible for or complicit in, or have en-gaged in, directly or indirectly, state-spon-sored cyber activities that are reasonably likely to result in, or have contributed to, a significant threat to the national security, foreign policy, or economic health or finan-cial stability of the United States and that have the purpose or effect of— (i) causing a significant disruption to the availability of a computer or network of computers; (ii) harming, or otherwise significantly compromising the provision of service by, a computer or network of computers that sup-port one or more entities in a critical infra-structure sector; (iii) significantly compromising the provi-sion of services by one or more entities in a critical infrastructure sector; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.032 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7844 September 5, 2018 
(iv) causing a significant misappropriation of funds or economic resources, trade se-crets, personal identifiers, or financial infor-mation for commercial or competitive ad-vantage or private financial gain; (v) destabilizing the financial sector of the United States by tampering with, altering, or causing a misappropriation of data; or (vi) interfering with or undermining elec-tion processes or institutions by tampering with, altering, or causing misappropriation of data; (B) each foreign person that the President has determined to have knowingly, signifi-cantly, and materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or techno-logical support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any activities described in sub-paragraph (A) by a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state des-ignated as a critical cyber threat actor under subparagraph (A); and (C) each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state that the President has deter-mined to have significantly and materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any ac-tivities described in subparagraph (A) by a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subparagraph (A). (2) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall— (i) publish in the Federal Register a list of each foreign person and each agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under this subsection; and (ii) regularly update such list not later than seven days after making any changes to such list, and publish in the Federal Register such updates. (B) E
XCEPTION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The President may with-hold from publication in the Federal Reg-ister under subparagraph (A) the identifica-tion of any foreign person or agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under this subsection if the President determines that withholding such identification— (I) in the national interests of the United States; or (II) is for an important law enforcement purpose. (ii) T
RANSMISSION .—If the President exer-cises the authority under this subparagraph to withhold from publication in the Federal Register the identification of a foreign per-son or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under this subsection, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congres-sional committees in classified form a report containing any such identification, together with the reasons for such exercise. (b) N
ON-TRAVEL -RELATED SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall im-pose one or more of the applicable sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to each foreign person and each agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under sub-section (a). (2) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: (A) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of non- humanitarian United States development as-sistance under chapter 1 of part I of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961. (B) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of United States security assistance under part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (C) The President may direct the United States executive director to each inter-national financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any loan from the international financial in-stitution that would benefit the designated foreign person or the designated agency or instrumentality of a foreign state. (D) The President may direct the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, or any other United States Government agency not to approve the issuance of any (or a specified number of) guarantees, insurance, extensions of credit, or participations in the extension of credit. (E) The President may, pursuant to such regulations or guidelines as the President may prescribe, prohibit any United States person from investing in or purchasing sig-nificant amounts of equity or debt instru-ments of the designated foreign person. (F) The President may, pursuant to proce-dures the President shall prescribe, which shall include the opportunity to appeal ac-tions under this subparagraph, prohibit any United States agency or instrumentality from procuring, or entering into any con-tract for the procurement of, any goods, technology, or services, or classes of goods, technology, or services, from the designated foreign person or the designated agency or instrumentality of a foreign state. (G) The President may order the heads of the appropriate United States agencies to not issue any (or a specified number of) spe-cific licenses, and to not grant any other spe-cific authority (or a specified number of au-thorities), to export any goods or technology to the designated foreign person or the des-ignated agency or instrumentality of a for-eign state under— (i) the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as continued in effect pursuant the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act); (ii) the Arms Export Control Act; (iii) the Atomic Energy Act of 1954; or (iv) any other statute that requires the prior review and approval of the United States Government as a condition for the ex-port or re-export of goods or services. (H)(i) The President may exercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all trans-actions in property and interests in property of the designated foreign person if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (ii) The penalties provided for in sub-sections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under clause (i) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of such section 206. (I) The President may, pursuant to such regulations as the President may prescribe, prohibit any transfers of credit or payments between one or more financial institutions or by, through, or to any financial institu-tion, to the extent that such transfers or payments are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and involve any interest of the designated foreign person. (c) T
RAVEL -RELATED SANCTIONS .— (1) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .—An alien who is designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a) is— (A) inadmissible to the United States; (B) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-umentation to enter the United States; and (C) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (2) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED .—The issuing consular officer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of either such Secretaries) shall re-voke any visa or other entry documentation issued to the foreign person designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a) regardless of when issued. A revocation under this clause shall take effect imme-diately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the possession of such foreign person. (d) A
DDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITHRESPECT  
TOFOREIGN STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may impose any of the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to the government of each foreign state that the President has deter-mined aided, abetted, or directed a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a for-eign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a). (2) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions referred to in paragraph (1) are the following: (A) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of non- humanitarian or non-trade-related assist-ance United States development assistance under chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961. (B) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of United States security assistance under part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (C) The President may instruct the United States Executive Director to each appro-priate international financial institution to oppose, and vote against the extension by such institution of any loan or financial as-sistance to the government of the foreign state. (D) No item on the United States Muni-tions List (established pursuant to section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778)) or the Commerce Control List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, may be ex-ported to the government of the foreign state. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (f) C
OORDINATION .—To the extent prac-ticable— (1) actions taken by the President pursu-ant to this section should be coordinated with United States allies and partners; and (2) the Secretary of State should work with United States allies and partners, on a vol-untary basis, to lead an international diplo-matic initiative to— (A) deter critical cyber threat actors and state-sponsored cyber activities; and (B) provide mutual support to such allies and partners participating in such initiative to respond to such state-sponsored cyber ac-tivities. (g) E
XEMPTIONS , WAIVERS , AND REMOVALS  
OFSANCTIONS AND DESIGNATIONS .— (1) M
ANDATORY EXEMPTIONS .—The fol- lowing activities shall be exempt from sanc-tions under subsections (b), (c), and (d): (A) Activities subject to the reporting re-quirements of title V of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. (B) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.009 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7845 September 5, 2018 
the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed June 26, 1947, and entered into force on No-vember 21, 1947, or under the Vienna Conven-tion on Consular Relations, signed April 24, 1963, and entered into force on March 19, 1967, or under other international obligations. (2) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the imposition of sanctions described in this sec-tion for a period of not more than one year, and may renew such waiver for additional periods of not more than one year, if the President transmits to the appropriate con-gressional committees a written determina-tion that such waiver meets one or more of the following requirements: (A) Such waiver is in the national interests of the United States. (B) Such waiver will further the enforce-ment of this Act or is for an important law enforcement purpose. (C) Such waiver is for an important hu-manitarian purpose. (3) R
EMOVALS OF SANCTIONS AND DESIGNA -
TIONS .—The President may prescribe rules and regulations for the removal of sanctions under subsections (b), (c), and (d) and the re-moval of designations under subsection (a) if the President determines that a foreign per-son, agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, or government of a foreign state sub-ject to such sanctions or such designations, as the case may be, has verifiably ceased its participation in any of the conduct with re-spect to which such foreign person, agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, or gov-ernment of a foreign state was subject to such sanctions or designation, as the case may be, under this section, and has given as-surances that such foreign person, agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, or govern-ment of a foreign state, as the case may be, will no longer participate in such conduct. (4) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under subsection (c) shall not apply to a for-eign person if admitting such foreign person into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agree-ment regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable inter-national obligations. (h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the President under the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other provision of law to impose sanctions to address critical cyber threat actors and malicious state- sponsored cyber activities. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on the Judici-ary, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (3) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 1603(b) of title 28, United States Code. (4) CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SECTOR .—The term ‘‘critical infrastructure sector’’ means any of the designated critical infrastructure sectors identified in the Presidential Policy Directive entitled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience’’, numbered 21, and dated February 12, 2013. (5) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (6) F
OREIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘foreign state’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1603(a) of title 28, United States Code. (7) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (8) M
ISAPPROPRIATION .—The term ‘‘mis-appropriation’’ means taking or obtaining by improper means, without permission or con-sent, or under false pretenses. (9) S
TATE -SPONSORED CYBER ACTIVITIES .— The term ‘‘state-sponsored cyber activities’’ means any malicious cyber-enabled activi-ties that— (A) are carried out by a government of a foreign state or an agency or instrumen-tality of a foreign state; or (B) are carried out by a foreign person that is aided, abetted, or directed by a govern-ment of a foreign state or an agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state. (10) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, foreign adversaries have developed sophisti-cated cyber capabilities that can dis-rupt our network, that can threaten our critical infrastructure, and that harm our economy and undermine our elections. Malicious cyber activity topped the Director of National Intelligence’s list of worldwide threats in 2018—topped it—ahead of terrorism and weapons of mass destruction; and in testimony be-fore this Congress, Director Coats stat-ed: ‘‘Frankly, the United States is under attack.’’ A report by the White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates that malicious cyber activity cost the U.S. economy between $57 billion and over $100 billion in 2016 alone. But it is not just the economic cost of cyber inci-dents that we should worry about. There are real physical costs to these online attacks as well. Last year’s WannaCry cyberattack by the North Korea regime com-promised the U.K.’s healthcare sector, if you will recall. In 2016, Russian cyber actors attempted to interfere in our election—an assault on our very de-mocracy—and these attacks by Russia continue today. Despite the gravity of this threat, the U.S. continues to lack a unified framework to deter and re-spond to state-sponsored cyber activi-ties. I applaud Representative YOHO and Ranking Member E
NGEL for intro-ducing the Cyber Deterrence and Re-sponse Act, which establishes a frame-work for deterring and responding to state-sponsored malicious cyber activ-ity against this country. Consistent with the State Depart-ment’s recommendation to the Presi-dent on deterrence in cyberspace, this bill will ensure swift, powerful, and transparent consequences against bad actors online. Specifically, this bill requires the President to designate as a critical cyber threat actor each foreign person or each foreign agency of a foreign state that the President determines is responsible for state-sponsored cyber activities that pose a significant threat to the national security, foreign policy, economic health, or financial stability of the United States. In effect, this would codify America’s longstanding unofficial policy of naming and sham-ing bad actors in cyberspace. Further, this bill would require the President to impose sanctions from a menu of options against any critical cyber threat actor. Finally, the bill calls on the Presi-dent to coordinate designations and sanctions with our allies and partners to maximize their effectiveness. The Secretary of State is to lead an inter-national diplomatic initiative to deter state-sponsored cyber activities and promote mutual support to our allies and partners to respond to malicious cyber incidents. This legislation will put countries like Iran, North Korea, and Russia on notice that the United States is pre-pared to impose tough consequences for cyber attacks. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.009 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7846 September 5, 2018 
on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5576, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this or similar leg-islation, and that our Committee will be ap-propriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5576 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5576 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deter-rence and Response Act of 2018. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Based on your consultation with the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform and so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor, I agree to discharging the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from further consideration of H.R. 5576. I agree that forgoing formal consider-ation of the bill will not prejudice the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform with respect to any future jurisdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of members of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform as conferees in any House-Senate conference on this or related legislation. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and in-volved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any re-maining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5576 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as it moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on this measure into the Congressional Record dur-ing floor consideration of the bill. I appre-ciate your cooperation regarding this legis-lation and look forward to continuing to work together as it moves through the legis-lative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
b1400 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legisla-tion authored by Congressman Y
OHO, who did great work with this bill, along with Chairman R
OYCE and other members of our committee. Mr. Speaker, every day, America faces cyber threats from around the world. Countries, including Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea, have at-tacked our companies, our infrastruc-ture, our government, and even the very heart of our democracy, our elec-tions. The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act is a step in responding to these threats. This bill requires the Presi-dent to impose sanctions on those who participate in a state-sponsored cyber attack against the United States. These far-reaching sanctions could be targeted to individuals, entities, and states themselves that perpetrate these attacks. These include attacks against critical infrastructure, public and pri-vate computer networks, and any sec-tor that would jeopardize America’s national security, foreign policy, eco-nomic health, or financial stability. This is a bipartisan, good bill, and I urge all Members to support it. But let me be clear: This bill does not do near-ly enough to respond to Putin’s attack on our democracy. We must continue to do this, but this is an important step and a very good step, and is indicative of the bipartisan cooperation that we have in the Foreign Affairs Committee, which is very, very important when we are dealing with foreign affairs. Our adversaries need to know that we are united, and that is what a bill like this does. So I congratulate Mr. YOHO for his hard work on this bill. It is a welcome effort to enhance our response to cyber attacks, but it is a Band-Aid on a bullet wound, if we don’t do any-thing else. We need to keep doing these kinds of things. Those countries that would wish us ill, we have to let them know that we are not going to just stand idly by and be a target. In 2016, our Nation was attacked. The very core of our democratic process was hit by Russian cyber forces, and our government has been woefully neg-ligent to adequately respond. I thank Republican leadership for bringing this bill forward, but we real-ly need to address the critical issue of our vulnerability to these cyber at-tacks. If we do that, they will bring forward one of the many other stronger bills on this matter as well, for exam-ple, my bill that I introduced with Mr. C
ONNOLLY , the SECURE Our Democ-racy Act; or the Secure America from Russian Interference Act, which in-cludes my bill; and more than a dozen others. These bills constitute a strong, decisive response that matches the gravity of the threat we face. These bills would require the Presi-dent to impose sanctions on those who attacked our elections in 2016 and would do much, much more to shore up our election system. For over a year, I have been pushing and pleading that the bill moves forward. I hope it will move forward as well. We need to go on record now and say whether we will do everything in our power to stop another attack on Amer-ican democracy, or whether we will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.016 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7847 September 5, 2018 
just step to the side with rhetoric and let it happen again. That is, again, why I am so happy to support this bill, be-cause it shows that we are working to-gether. But the point I want to make in col-laboration with that is that we still have much more work to do. I know the committee, in a couple of weeks, is going to hold a very important hearing on Russia, and I think it is very impor-tant that we do that. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support this very good piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and the author of this bill. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act. I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL and his staff for helping usher this bill through the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. The threats of cyber attacks on our country and the American people are growing in their sophistication and fre-quency by the minute. Targeted at-tacks against the Federal Government, private businesses, and individual Americans continue to pose escalating threats to our Nation. Foreign adversaries like Iran, North Korea, Russia, and China have devel-oped sophisticated cyber capabilities that can disrupt our networks, threat-en our critical infrastructure, harm our economy, and undermine our elec-tions. As Members of Congress, we must work to deter and respond to these state-sponsored cyber attacks against the United States. This is why I stand here today to urge support for H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act. This leg-islation codifies and enhances the sub-stance of the cyber executive orders that are currently the foundation of the United States cyber policy. This bill will enhance cybersecurity by defining state-sponsored attacks and establishing strong penalties for would-be attackers. It will deter bad players from attacking the U.S. Gov-ernment and our businesses. H.R. 5576 establishes a three-step process for the U.S. strategy to respond to cyber threats. The first step will require the Presi-dent to identify and designate individ-uals and groups who are responsible for and are complicit in state-sponsored cyber attacks as critical cyber threat actors. This name-and-shame tactic will ex-pose current hackers and deter future threats, making U.S. sanctions more consistent with other successful sanc-tion procedures, like the SDN, which is a Specially Designated National list. The administration would then be tasked with imposing appropriate ac-tions and sanctions on the designated actors. A third step would include imposing additional sanctions against the for-eign governments that are behind these attacks. In this way, like our State Sponsors of Terrorism list and the Trafficking in Persons watch list, my legislation goes to the governments that are at the root of the threat, not stopping at the agents that carry out the attacks. As chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, I understand the importance of protecting our Nation from malicious cyber attackers. Some of the worst of-fenders fall inside my jurisdiction. It is vital that we improve our ability to thwart these potential devastating cyber attacks. Understand this: An attack on just one government agency or any indi-vidual business is an attack on all Americans. To adequately protect our national security from advancing threats, we must put politics aside and put our country first. The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act will do just that, and I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), an original co-sponsor of this legislation and a strong leader on cyber policy in Congress. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I would like to begin by thanking my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), for his leadership on this very important issue. I am very proud to have helped shape this strong bill, and I appreciate the gentleman’s bipar-tisan collaboration. Mr. Speaker, the international com-munity has reached consensus on many norms of responsible state behavior in cyberspace. One key agreement reached by the joint 2015 Group of Gov-ernmental Experts is that responsible states do not use cyber means to dam-age or impair the operation of critical infrastructure that provides services to the public. Yet states regularly flaunt these international rules of the road. The North Koreans spread the WannaCry pseudo-ransomware last May. The Russians have targeted the electric grid in Ukraine and were be-hind NotPetya, the most devastating cyber incident in history. Closest to home, Russia launched an assault on our elections with the goal of under-mining citizens’ faith in our democ-racy. President Obama recognized that protecting the Nation’s cyberspace has three components: improving our de-fenses to prevent hackers from getting in; increasing resilience to minimize the damage when they do get in; and imposing costs on states that act against our national interest. His executive orders, particularly 13694 and 13757, focused on this last point, holding nations accountable through sanctions when they or their agents target our critical infrastruc-ture. Mr. YOHO’s bill codifies large por-tions of these executive orders, and it goes further by requiring the President to both designate critical cyber threats and to sanction them. I strongly support the underlying policy and the enhancements made by my friend from Florida. Mr. Speaker, I think we also need to go further. The September 2015 Obama- Xi accord on Chinese economic espio-nage, which remains one of the most successful examples of cyber deter-rence, relied on the threat of sanctions targeting the beneficiaries of China’s spying, not just PLA members. We must continue to work together in a bipartisan fashion to maximize the ef-ficacy of sanctions, which are intended not to punish but to shape behavior. Most importantly, though, I hope the President takes more aggressive ac-tions to protect American interests in cyberspace. I criticized President Obama’s response to Russia’s election interference as too little, too late, and, unfortunately, President Trump has been reticent to act against Russia. The norms we talk about are norms of behavior, and I remain deeply con-cerned that our absence of action in re-sponse to malign state activity is de-veloping into a norm in and of itself. Actions, as they say, speak louder than words. However, all told, Mr. Speaker, this bill is an important first step in recog-nizing that cyber threats are the new weapon of choice for states that seek to sow discord and engage in conflict below the level of the threshold of war. I again thank Congressman Y
OHOfor introducing the bill and Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for supporting it. I strongly support H.R. 5576, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). He is a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is a cosponsor of this legislation. He has formerly worked for the FBI on cyber issues, and we very much appreciate his expertise in this area. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Re-sponse Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, our adversaries contin-ually engage in sophisticated cyber at-tacks designed to disrupt our critical infrastructure, harm our economy, and undermine our elections. As has been said time and time again, our Nation’s electoral process is sacred, and it must be protected at all costs from inter-ference from all hostile foreign actors. In February, the Director of National Intelligence stated that Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea will pose the greatest cyber threats to the United States during the course of the next year. We have seen continued hostility from state actors like Russia to under-mine our democratic institutions and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.035 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7848 September 5, 2018 
trigger instability in Europe by weak-ening key partners like Ukraine and Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I saw this firsthand dur-ing my time as an FBI agent working both here domestically and overseas. We must make it clear to these hostile states that they will face harsh con-sequences for their cyber attacks. That is exactly what this bipartisan bill accomplishes. The Cyber Deter-rence and Response Act establishes a clear framework to deter and respond to state-sponsored cyber threats. It provides harsh sanctions through sus-pension of developmental assistance and credit allotment to nations en-gaged in malicious state-sponsored cyber activities against our United States. We must hold these foreign actors ac-countable while strengthening the in-tegrity of our intelligence community. I commend my colleague from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for introducing this bill, along with Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-ing Member E
NGEL for bringing this vital matter to the floor. I urge my col-leagues, Democrat and Republican alike, to support this critical legisla-tion that is necessary to protect our national security. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ). He is a mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and a cosponsor of this legislation as well. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my friend and col-league, Mr. Y
OHO, on the floor today with others to speak in support of this bipartisan bill, H.R. 5576, the Cyber De-terrence and Response Act. I would also like to give a special thanks to Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support of the bill and moving it through the committee process. Mr. Speaker, more than 30 nations are currently developing offensive cyber attack capabilities. Earlier this year, the Director of National Intel-ligence testified before Congress that Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea posed the greatest cyber threats to the United States. He continued and said work to use cyber operations to achieve strategic objectives will con-tinue ‘‘unless they face clear repercus-sions for their cyber operations.’’ This bill puts in place those clear re-percussions for nations that have and seek to continue to use cyber attacks against the U.S. Specifically, the legis-lation authorizes the President, acting through the Secretary of State, to des-ignate, where appropriate, foreign per-sons or agencies as critical cyber threats. The bill also authorizes both travel and financial sanctions of individuals and agencies designated as critical cyber threats, and the legislation re-quires Congress to be briefed periodi-cally on state-sponsored cyber activi-ties against the United States. This bill will help us better protect America’s critical infrastructure, na-tional security, healthcare, energy, fi-nancial, transportation, and commu-nication systems from hostile state- sponsored cyber attacks. Additionally, the legislation is im-portant to help us better protect Amer-ican companies and manufacturers from hackers and cyber intruders. b1415 And maybe most importantly, H.R. 5576 will provide more tools for the U.S. to deter state-sponsored efforts to attack our democratic institutions and electoral systems. I urge my colleagues to support me in voting in support of the Cyber De-terrence and Response Act of 2018. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I urge all my colleagues once again to support this measure. The scope of the cyber threat that we are facing is immense. This is a good bill, and moves us in the right direc-tion, and I urge all our colleagues to support it. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE . As usual, I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Congressman Y OHOfor their friendship and their hard work on this critical issue. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would real-ly like to thank our colleagues here, especially Representative T
EDYOHO, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL of New York. I also want to thank the Financial Services Committee that worked with us on this legislation. We want to thank, in addition, the Judiciary Com-mittee. We had the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee that worked with us as well in support of this bill. I think, as Mr. Y
OHO would share with you, the bill is truly a bipartisan endeavor that has been improved by contributions from multiple commit-tees, government agencies, and the business community. And with the pas-sage of this bill, Congress sends a strong message to our adversaries, that cyberattacks against the United States and against our allies will not be toler-ated. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5576, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. GLOBAL ELECTORAL EXCHANGE ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5274) to promote international exchanges on best elec-tion practices, cultivate more secure democratic institutions around the world, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5274 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Elec-toral Exchange Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) recent elections globally have illus-trated the urgent need for the promotion and exchange of international best election prac-tices, particularly in the areas of cybersecu-rity, results transmission, transparency of electoral data, election dispute resolution, and the elimination of discriminatory reg-istration practices and other electoral irreg-ularities; (2) the advancement of democracy world-wide promotes American interests, as stable democracies provide new market opportuni-ties, improve global health outcomes, and promote economic freedom and regional se-curity; (3) credible elections are the cornerstone of a healthy democracy and enable all persons to exercise their basic human right to have a say in how they are governed; (4) inclusive elections strengthen the credi-bility and stability of democracies more broadly, as democratic institutions flourish when representative of all groups of society; (5) at the heart of a strong election cycle is the professionalism of the election manage-ment body and an empowered civil society; and (6) the development of local expertise via peer-to-peer learning and exchanges pro-motes the independence of such bodies from internal and external influence. 
SEC. 3. GLOBAL ELECTORAL EXCHANGE. 
(a) G LOBAL ELECTORAL EXCHANGE .—The Secretary of State is authorized to establish and administer a Global Electoral Exchange Program to promote the utilization of sound election administration practices around the world. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Global Electoral Exchange Program described in subsection (a) shall include the promotion and exchange of international best election practices, including in the areas of— (1) cybersecurity; (2) results transmission; (3) transparency of electoral data; (4) election dispute resolution; (5) the elimination of discriminatory reg-istration practices and electoral irregular-ities; (6) equitable access to polling places, voter education information, and voting mecha-nisms (including by persons with disabil-ities); and (7) other sound election administration practices. (c) E
XCHANGE OF ELECTORAL AUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may, in consultation, as appropriate, with the United States Agency for International Development, make grants to any United States-based organization described in sec-tion 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.036 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7849 September 5, 2018 
1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code with experience in com-parative election systems or subject matter expertise in the areas of election administra-tion or electoral integrity that submits an application in such form, and satisfying such requirements, as the Secretary may require. (2) T
YPES OF GRANTS .—An organization de-scribed in paragraph (1) may receive a grant for one or more of the following purposes: (A) To design and implement programs bringing election administrators and offi-cials, including government officials, poll workers, civil society representatives, mem-bers of the judiciary, and others who partici-pate in the organization and administration of public elections in a foreign country to the United States to study election proce-dures in the United States for educational purposes. (B) To design and implement programs taking United States or another country’s election administrators and officials, includ-ing government officials, poll workers, civil society representatives, members of the judi-ciary, and others who participate in the or-ganization and administration of public elec-tions to study election procedures for edu-cational purposes. (3) L
IMITS ON ACTIVITIES .—Activities ad-ministered under the Global Electoral Ex-change Program may not— (A) include observation of an election for the purposes of assessing the validity or le-gitimacy of that election; or (B) facilitate any advocacy for a certain electoral result by a grantee when partici-pating in the Program. (4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should establish and maintain a network of Global Electoral Exchange Program alumni, to pro-mote communication and further exchange of information regarding sound election ad-ministration practices among current and former program participants. (5) F
URTHER LIMITS .—A recipient of a grant under the Global Electoral Exchange Pro-gram may use such grant for only the pur-pose for which such grant was awarded, un-less otherwise authorized by the Secretary of State. (6) N
OT DUPLICATIVE .—Grants made under this subsection may not be duplicative of any other grants made under any other pro-vision of law for similar or related purposes. 
SEC. 4. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and in each of the following two years thereafter, the Secretary of State shall provide to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate a briefing on the status of any activities carried out pursuant to this Act during the preceding year, which shall include, among other information, the fol-lowing: (1) A summary of all exchanges conducted under the Global Electoral Exchange Pro-gram, including information regarding grantees, participants, and the locations where program activities were held. (2) A description of the criteria used to se-lect grantees under the Global Electoral Ex-change Program. (3) Any recommendations for the improve-ment of the Global Electoral Exchange Pro-gram, based on the purpose specified in sec-tion 3(b). 
SEC. 5. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, America is more secure when fewer nations are authoritarian, and that is the unfortunate alternative to democracy, are authoritarian strongmen. These strongmen regimes justify their repression at home by cre-ating enemies abroad. Since the freedom we enjoy is a threat to authoritarian regimes, the U.S. and our allies are natural targets for their aggression. We have seen this, unfortunately, with Moscow, with Bei-jing, and with the regime in North Korea. This is why there is long-standing, bipartisan support in this Congress for our democracy promotion programs overseas. In recent years, however, we have seen democracy decline worldwide. This is fueled, in many cases, by a de-creasing level of public confidence in democracy and in elections. Unfortu-nately, many people around the world just cannot trust that their elections are free and fair, and we have seen this happen in Honduras, in Cambodia, and in the DRC. The bill before us addresses these issues by crafting an international ex-change program with an objective, and that is, of promoting capabilities and instilling best election practices around this planet. This two-way ex-change program will support countries in between their election cycles when they have the time to assess short-comings. And then it will help them during elections to integrate lessons learned, to build coalitions, and to im-plement reforms. Healthy societies depend on elections that accurately reflect the decision of voters. The world has a shared stake in the integrity of the election mecha-nisms—these are the nuts and bolts of how people cast their votes and how these votes are counted, and how they have done this free from manipulation. I want to close by noting that this is a very real-time concern, and particu-larly important in the Western Hemi-sphere, as there are national elections coming up this fall in Brazil, and next year in Bolivia and El Salvador. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of the bipartisan Global Electoral Exchange Act, H.R. 5274, which I introduced with my col-league, my Republican colleague, MARK MEADOWS , and also others, in-cluding my colleague from Texas, T
ED P
OE. I would like to first thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support on this legislation and helping bring it to the floor. It is important to note the biparti-sanship of this legislation because strengthening democracies abroad is a critical national interest and one that can be supported by both sides of the aisle. In recent years, democracies have been reeling across the world, even in our own neighborhood. This is a rever-sal of a longstanding trend toward de-mocratization that continued through the end of the Cold War in the 1990s. In countries around the world, there are partners willing to work with us to strengthen their country’s democracy. This is naturally in our bipartisan in-terests. Our strongest relationships are those with other democracies. Some exam-ples include Canada, Mexico, Japan, India, Australia, and the member na-tions of the European Union. When two countries speak the language of democ-racy, when they each commit to the rule of law and the will of the people, the potential for a genuine partnership is formed. An election is a complex endeavor. It is an exercise a society undertakes to-gether. To run effectively and effi-ciently, an election requires an en-gaged public, robust institutions, and a transparent, technically sound elec-toral mechanism. There are certain practices we as-cribe to effective election systems, in-cluding a secret ballot, inclusive vot-ing systems, chain of custody, neutral instructions to voters, and so much more of what may be considered good electoral practices. When elections are technically un-sound, their results can be suspect. We saw this firsthand in Kenya and Hon-duras over the last year, where elec-toral failure led to election violence and a questionable outcome for many. It is in the interests of both the in-cumbent looking to be re-elected with the legitimacy that an election brings, and the challenger seeking to rise to office, to support transparent election practices. The State Department and USAID al-ready engage in excellent work, in partnership with groups like the Na-tional Endowment for Democracy, Na-tional Democratic Institute, Inter-national Republican Institute, and International Foundation for Electoral Systems, supporting democracy world-wide. This bipartisan bill augments those efforts, allowing the Secretary of State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.010 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7850 September 5, 2018 
to support exchange programs with other countries to promote best prac-tices in election administration. When we bring folks over here to show them how we do things and send Americans to other nations to see how elections are conducted overseas, we can have candid conversations on how all of us can improve. I would like to thank, again, Con-gressman M
EADOWS for working with me on this bipartisan bill, and for all of his insight in making this bill and this legislation more effective. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank the authors of the bill. I would like to thank Rep-resentative C
ASTRO and Representative M
EADOWS . I would like to thank also our ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL . They put a lot of work in on this important legislation. There has long been a strong bipar-tisan consensus in Congress on the im-portance of promoting democracy over-seas, and this is because America is un-deniably more secure when fewer na-tions are authoritarian. But democracy promotion is not just about that. It is not just about our se-curity. It is also morally just. Human rights are far better protected in demo-cratic countries, ones without dank prison cells full of political prisoners. Elections are an important part of democracy, but all too often, elections overseas are plagued, often by corrup-tion or technical challenges, some-times by lack of transparency. And this bill will address these impedi-ments by creating an electoral ex-change program so that we can take our best practices and lessons learned overseas to help local governments im-prove their own election capacity. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5274, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EMPOWERING STUDENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FINANCIAL COUNSELING ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1635. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
LLEN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Ken-tucky? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 1049 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1635. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1428 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling require-ments under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak today in support of H.R. 1635, the Empow-ering Students Through Enhanced Fi-nancial Counseling Act, which I intro-duced earlier this Congress with my friend, Congresswoman S
UZANNE  B
ONAMICI of Oregon. As the school year begins, high school seniors across the country are trying to figure out their next steps. Many of these students will ultimately decide to attend a traditional 4-year university or community college pro-gram. Parents and students know too well that the cost of college tuition has climbed dramatically over the last dec-ade. I know that many families are worried about how to afford a college education. As college tuition has risen, student loan debt has surged to more than $1.4 trillion, surpassing both na-tional auto loan debt and credit card debt. b1430 This should be a concern to everyone, not only to those with loan debt to their names. Many borrowers are en-tering the workforce with over-whelming debt that will play a role not only in their own lives, but in the health of the American economy as a whole. Student loans can, of course, play a positive role in helping students attend college when they borrow mindfully and responsibly. Unfortunately, many students enter into binding loan con-tracts with their respective univer-sities without fully appreciating the gravity of the financial decision they are making and the consequences it can have on their futures. A recent survey of current students and new graduates with a high level of debt found that more than 40 percent had no recollection of having received financial counseling, even though cur-rent law requires that students receive entrance counseling before receiving their first loan. It is vitally important for students to be equipped with all the facts of their loan agreement so they can finance their postsecondary education respon-sibly and with eyes wide open. The Em-powering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act is designed to improve financial aid counseling for students receiving a Pell grant or a Federal loan. H.R. 1635 increases the timing, frequency, and content of man-datory student loan counseling. Under current law, borrowers are re-quired to receive counseling only when they arrive on campus and upon grad-uation, which makes it easy for bor-rowers to lose sight of just how much debt they are acquiring each year and the responsibility they bear to pay it back. H.R. 1635 requires financial coun-seling for students and parents who participate in Federal loan programs before they sign the dotted line on their loans. After that, students would participate in annual counseling so they can continue to understand their financial obligations and how new loans would affect their payments later on. The importance of annually pro-viding information was dramatically reinforced in a recent year when Indi-ana University reported they were able to reduce undergraduate Stafford loan disbursements by 11 percent—11 per-cent—or $31 million, by telling stu-dents annually what their monthly payment would be after graduation be-fore the students took out loans for the next school year. This was more than a fivefold decrease in outlays compared to public schools nationally. In addition to making the counseling an annual event, this bill would require the counseling to include recommenda-tions to students to pursue all avail-able grant, work study, and scholarship assistance prior to taking out loans, as well as provide them with information about the differences between Federal and private loans in bankruptcy. Exit counseling would include information about the borrower’s remaining loan balance as well as what to anticipate throughout repayment of the loan. The legislation would also require borrowers to affirmatively provide con-sent each year before receiving addi-tional Federal loans instead of auto-matically receiving the full offered amount every year. The bill also equips low-income stu-dents with enhanced information about the terms and conditions of the Pell Grant Program by providing annual fi-nancial counseling to all grant recipi-ents. The counseling will include infor-mation about the expenses the grant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.040 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7851 September 5, 2018 
covers, the level of assistance the stu-dents are able to receive, and ways to seek additional assistance in the case of changing financial circumstances. Under current law, Pell grant recipi-ents are not required to receive any counseling. This bipartisan legislation will help America’s students and families borrow responsibly and understand their aid package better so that new graduates have the very best chance of success upon graduation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Empowering Students Through En-hanced Financial Counseling Act, a bill I introduced with Congressman G
UTH-
RIE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chair-woman F
OXX, Ranking Member S COTT, and Congressman G
UTHRIE for their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank the Education and the Work-force Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work to include the shared priorities of Members in this bill. This bill shows that there are areas of bipartisan consensus in Congress. Today, a college education continues to be a powerful force for economic and social mobility in our country. I know. Neither of my parents graduated from college. I worked my way first through community college, which opened the door to the university and then to law school. I am pleased that Democrats and Re-publicans are working together to take a meaningful step toward addressing the student loan debt crisis, which is now shockingly close to consumer debt in this country. This bill recognizes and addresses the clear need for enhanced financial coun-seling. More than 40 million Americans are struggling with student loan debt, and default rates are climbing. At the same time, there is evidence that student loan debt is a drag on the broader economy. For many borrowers, student loan debt affects the ability to buy a home, to purchase a new car, or to afford childcare. Student loan bor-rowers may be unable to access capital to start a small business or they may put off saving for retirement. That is why we need to help current and future students understand their rights and obligations as borrowers, and we need to help them forecast their obligations in the years after college so they can make informed decisions now for the years ahead. One of the frustrations I have heard from former students in Oregon is that they didn’t understand all of the jum-ble of terms in their loan agreement or all of the differences between Federal and private student loans. With this bill, students, whether they are sopho-mores or seniors, will have information about how much they have borrowed, what they are expected to borrow, how their loans will accrue interest, and what they can expect their monthly payment to be when they leave college. They will be better able to see their road to repayment. Importantly, this bill provides an-nual counseling, so borrowers who don’t graduate will still receive infor-mation about what to expect when they leave school and have to start re-payment. Borrowers will have more clarity about their monthly payments under two repayment plans: income-based re-payment and the standard 10-year op-tion. That is critical for students to see what those differences will be, and they will with this bill. Clarifying and streamlining this information will sim-plify the repayment process for bor-rowers and reduce default. Borrowers will be reminded each year they don’t have to borrow the full amount made available to them. They should consider grants, work study, and Federal loans before turning to pri-vate lenders. Unlike current practice, borrowers will receive financial counseling before signing their master promissory notes, and they will be reminded that they can repay interest before it capitalizes. For the first time, parent borrowers of student loans will be given virtually the same information about their loans that the students receive. Additionally, this bill will extend counseling to Pell grant recipients so they understand the limits on eligi-bility for the grants and the cir-cumstances under which they would be asked to repay their grants, helping students to avoid expensive surprises. Finally, this bill does not interrupt the disbursement of financial aid, and it delivers enhanced student loan infor-mation in consumer-tested formats that check for students’ understanding. It will make sure we provide personal-ized borrower information in a way that borrowers understand. Mr. Chair, again, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support, and I encourage all my colleagues to support the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the chair-woman of the full committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding time. Mr. Chair, the 115th Congress has been a landmark time for the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. Committee members have come together to build the case for historic postsecondary education reforms. With more than $1.4 trillion in stu-dent debt and a skills gap that has re-sulted in more than 6 million unfilled jobs, we have recognized that restoring the promise of postsecondary education isn’t simply a good idea; it is our re-sponsibility. The Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act recognizes that students and families are the most important players in re-forming postsecondary education. Giv-ing them all the information they need to make wise Federal financial aid de-cisions can put a dent in all this debt. Better financial education before a bor-rower signs on the dotted line will help students and protect taxpayer dollars. Knowledge really is power, especially in how we make practical financial de-cisions. Student borrowers and parents, if they are trying to help, should un-derstand and control their financial situation; their financial situation should not control them. As chair of the Higher Education and Workforce Development Sub-committee, Representative BRETT  G
UTHRIE has been a champion for com-monsense reforms, and this legislation is the result of his leadership. I com-mend his work, as well as Representa-tive B
ONAMICI and her many Democrat colleagues for joining in this effort. Mr. Chair, I urge every Member of this body to support this legislation and make sure students and families in their districts know about it. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair-woman for her remarks. This bill we are considering today is an important step to protect students and borrowers, but it is not a sub-stitute for an update to the Higher Education Act. We still have more work to do to in-vest in our Nation’s students, our fu-ture leaders. We especially need to do more to keep higher education within reach for low-income students and working families. We need to strengthen the Pell Grant Program, which has served as a founda-tion of support and opportunity for many Americans and helped them af-ford college. We need to do more to address State disinvestment and partner with States. State disinvestment in higher edu-cation has also led to a rise in college costs, and we need to do more to make sure student loan borrowers have ac-cess to affordable repayment plans. The Democratic proposal to update the Higher Education Act, the Aim Higher Act, will do all of this and more. I am glad we are considering this bi-partisan proposal today instead of the PROSPER Act, which would actually make college less affordable and acces-sible by cutting student aid by billions of dollars. The Aim Higher Act, on the other hand, invests in students and makes higher education more affordable through robust funding in financial aid programs. It also addresses the rising cost of college through the creation of a Federal-State partnership to reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.043 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7852 September 5, 2018 
the student debt burden on families. It is a thoughtful package that deserves to be considered on the House floor. The legislation we are considering today, though not a comprehensive re-authorization, will protect students and families and make a real, positive difference for grant recipients and stu-dent loan borrowers. Mr. Chair, I do urge all of my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kan-sas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 1635, the Em-powering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. As a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce and a fa-ther of three, I value the importance of higher education and making sure ev-eryone has a way to pay for it. For the last decade, a generation of students have graduated college with massive debt and little prospects for a job. Thankfully, today, unemployment is at a historic low, and for the first time ever, we have more job openings than job seekers. Our economy is finally on the move, but the burden of student debt remains. In fact, Americans cur-rently have more than $1.4 trillion in student debt. Unfortunately, much of this aid was received without adequate information about how to make the best financial choices. Currently, individuals receiving stu-dent financial loans must complete a one-time entrance counseling session, but this counseling can occur after the students have already signed up to take out the loan and is not required for those who receive Pell grants. Before completing classes, students must complete exit counseling. How-ever, this information is very general, rather than being specific to the indi-vidual’s specific situation. These generic counseling sessions have failed our country and not helped students to put themselves on finan-cially sound footing. That is why I am proud to support H.R. 1635. This bill ensures borrowers who par-ticipate in a Federal loan program or receive a Pell grant get targeted coun-seling every year and not just once they enter and exit the program. It also provides awareness about fi-nancial obligation borrowers are accu-mulating by requiring the borrower’s consent each year before receiving Fed-eral student loans. These steps give students the tools they need to be financially responsible, while having the opportunities to get the education they deserve. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my col-leagues on the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce for recog-nizing the importance of financial lit-eracy and bringing forth this legisla-tion that will help families in Kansas and throughout the country. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. b1445 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. ROE), my good friend from the eastern part of the great State of Tennessee and the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act. I am a proud cosponsor of the bill and believe it will take a step forward in improving student financial literacy today. Student loan debt has risen at an alarming rate over the last dozen years, from roughly $480 billion in 2006 to over $1.4 trillion this year. The American Government is the guarantor of more than 90 percent of that debt. Today’s graduates, on average, leave campus with more than $35,000 in debt. Mr. Chairman, let me give an exam-ple. I was raised in a middle-class fam-ily. My mother was a bank teller. My dad was a factory worker. I was able to go to college and medical school in 7 years and graduate with no debt. The medical students who I taught in medical school at our medical school in east Tennessee had an average debt of over $175,000 when they left school, an enormous debt. Many of them had up-ward of $300,000 in debt and will spend many years paying their way out of that. Today’s graduates, as I said, grad-uate with more than $35,000 in debt, and, currently, only students receiving Federal loans are required to complete a financial counseling session. This counseling is provided only twice and only to students. Counseling is offered the first time the student takes out a Federal loan and again upon graduation, which is way too late, and does not apply to a large pool of students receiving Federal aid, those receiving the Pell grant. H.R. 1635 requires students to receive annual counseling about their Federal loan and Pell grants. In other words, you don’t have to take out the max-imum loan. Just take out what you need. Additionally, parents who apply for a parent PLUS loan would also have to receive financial counseling. While no solution is perfect, these counseling sessions will give borrowers important information about their Federal financial aid and, hopefully, leave them with a better understanding of their repayment options and rec-ommendations about grants, work study, and scholarship opportunities. In our State of Tennessee, as my good friend was mentioning a minute ago, we provide community college and technical school for free. This fall, we are beginning a program that is called Tennessee Reconnect, where you can go back to school if you have lost your job and you are middle-aged and you need to be retrained. You can go do that for free in our State. We believe that we need to retrain a workforce in our country for the jobs of tomorrow, and without this onerous debt, which a lot of people won’t go to school because they realize it costs so much money that they can never pay it back. H.R. 1635 will encourage a better-in-formed decisionmaking on the part of borrowers and increase financial lit-eracy. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1635 be-cause our country is facing a student debt crisis. In fact, nearly 580,000 student bor-rowers defaulted on their loans in just the last year. This debt crisis has been created, in part, because students and their parents aren’t given the full in-formation they need to make informed decisions about paying for college. Right now, only students receiving Federal loans are required to receive fi-nancial counseling. Even then, they only receive counseling when they take out their first loan and upon gradua-tion. That means that countless stu-dents are signing up for thousands of dollars in loans and arriving on campus before they have received any advice about these major financial choices. This is just wrong. Our young people should not be left in the dark as they make decisions that will impact their lives for years after graduation. That is why I am supporting H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act, which would make sure that students know all of their funding options, including grants, work study, and scholarship assistance, before tak-ing out loans. The legislation would also ensure students and parents receive financial aid counseling before they sign on the dotted line. Higher education should be a step-ping-stone to success, not a financial drag on our students’ futures. By giv-ing students and their parents the best information possible to make financial decisions, we can ensure students are prepared for a bright future. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), my good friend. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the Empow-ering Students Through Enhanced Fi-nancial Counseling Act. For families in Michigan who are struggling to make ends meet, figuring out how to pay for college is a big chal-lenge. Young people today who are graduating and entering the workforce face overwhelming college student loan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.044 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7853 September 5, 2018 
debt. When considering financial aid options, we need to empower students to make the best, fully informed deci-sions about their futures. This bipartisan bill will promote ac-cess to financial counseling so students better understand the process and re-ceive personalized advice that speaks to their personal situations. It also will provide counseling assist-ance for the first time to low-income students who participate in the Pell Grant Program. I am grateful to Chairman G
UTHRIE , Ranking Member B
ONAMICI , and my colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee for their work on this legislation. Encouraging financial literacy is an important step to help prepare stu-dents for successful futures. I urge pas-sage of this bipartisan bill. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ), my good friend. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman G
UTHRIE for his work on this important legislation. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act. As the father of 4 and grandfather of 12, with 1 on the way, I understand the anxiety that rising education costs can have on our American families. Students go to school to get a job, not to wrangle with the Federal Gov-ernment over student loans. With stu-dent loan debt climbing to over $1.5 trillion nationwide, we must do more to ensure students are aware of the fi-nancial obligations of accepting a Fed-eral student loan. With over 40 years of business experi-ence, I have applied for loans. I have provided a business plan and proof of performance, showing that I can repay those loans. And, over time, I have done just that. However, in education, many stu-dents and families are not receiving the necessary information about their loans and grants in order to make re-sponsible financial choices. I want stu-dents and families to clearly under-stand that just because the Federal Government will give you a loan, you do not have to take the full amount. The less in loans you take out, the less you have to pay back. H.R. 1635 addresses the lack of infor-mation provided for those taking out student loans. Students and families will now receive counseling every year and detailed loan information so that students have sound decisionmaking tools when it comes to borrowing and repaying student loans. As cosponsor of H.R. 1635, I was also proud to introduce an amendment that will allow any eligible institution to provide additional information and counseling services to Federal student aid recipients. In my district, hardly a day goes by that I don’t run into a former student who asks me: What am I going to do about this student loan debt? And once I discover the consequences of their de-cisions, it makes me more supportive of this legislation, so that these young people can understand exactly what they are getting into. We owe it to these American stu-dents to pass the legislation before us today, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting H.R. 1635. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is remain-ing. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Oregon has 23 minutes remaining. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I want to again thank Mr. GUTHRIE for cosponsoring this legisla-tion with me, and thank the leader-ship, both Chairwoman F
OXX and Ranking Member S
COTT, for their sup-port, and all of the staff. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for this leg-islation. Mr. R
OEfrom Tennessee mentioned his story, and it is not unlike mine, from a middle-class family, went through 7 years of higher education on my own, working my way through. I ended up with a very modest amount of student debt. As I say, that is not what I am hear-ing from families today in Oregon, and I know my colleagues are not hearing that from their constituents across the country. I also want to point out how the stu-dent loan debt crisis is affecting the workforce issues that we all talk about and care about. An example is that there are many people who wanted to go into primary care. They are going through medical school. They wanted to go into primary care. I just had a conversation with one last week. Too many medical students are choosing higher paying specialties, not because that is where their passion or interest is, but because their stu-dent loan debt is so high. I just had a great conversation on Labor Day with some firefighters in the district I am honored to represent. I thanked them for working, keeping our communities safe. They are con-cerned about student debt, and they are very concerned about the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, which, of course, is threatened under the PROSPER Act. We need to come back to the table and talk about how we can preserve the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Pro-gram. Today, however, I urge all of my col-leagues to take this important step for-ward on this bipartisan legislation, the Empowering Students Through En-hanced Financial Counseling Act. I en-courage broad support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this is important. It is a first step, but it is a big step and an important step as we look at what is going on in the cost of our higher edu-cation. Mr. Chairman, I know that, in our beloved Commonwealth, our Governor and our legislators are trying to deal with the demands on the budget, and they are working hard on it. But in the meantime, the costs to go to school in our Commonwealth and across the country have increased. Students have to rely more on Federal subsidized loans and Pell grants. We hear stories, like the one that Dr. ROEtalked about, of people leaving professional school with a six-figure debt. But we hear about an awful lot of people who have $6,000, $7,000, and $10,000 worth of debt. They have to drop out, and they have no degree, and they have a hard time paying it back. This bill lays out, through the course of their time in school, for each year, what their payments will be, and it walks them through what they really need. Do they need to take out the full loan? Back when colleges weren’t that ex-pensive, I remember people saying: Take out the full loan; that is the cheapest money you will ever have. Well, it becomes the most expensive money you have ever had over time, as interest rates build up and other things move forward. This bill is to make sure students are aware. It is something we agree on. We do it bipartisan. I expect a big bipar-tisan vote, and we do work together. There are issues that we have dif-ferences of opinion on, and there are issues that we have similar opinions on. When I was home in my State in Au-gust, people would say: Can’t you find things to work together on? And we do, as a matter of fact, on most of the things we do. It is just not what tends to get out into the news. So I appreciate the hard work of my friend from Oregon, and I appreciate the hard work of our committee. Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL COUNSELING. 
Section 485(l) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(l)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) A
NNUAL FINANCIAL AIDCOUNSELING .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUAL DISCLOSURE REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible institution shall ensure that each individual who re-ceives a Federal Pell Grant or a loan made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.046 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7854 September 5, 2018 
under part D (other than a Federal Direct Consolidation Loan) receives comprehensive information on the terms and conditions of such Federal Pell Grant or loan and the re-sponsibilities the individual has with respect to such Federal Pell Grant or loan. Such in-formation shall be provided, for each award year for which the individual receives such Federal Pell Grant or loan, in a simple and understandable manner— ‘‘(i) during a counseling session conducted in person; ‘‘(ii) online, with the individual acknowl-edging receipt of the information; or ‘‘(iii) through the use of the online coun-seling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(B). ‘‘(B) U
SE OF INTERACTIVE PROGRAMS .—In the case of institutions not using the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(B), the Secretary shall require such in-stitutions to carry out the requirements of subparagraph (A) through the use of inter-active programs, during an annual coun-seling session that is in-person or online, that test the individual’s understanding of the terms and conditions of the Federal Pell Grant or loan awarded to the individual, using simple and understandable language and clear formatting. ‘‘(2) A
LL INDIVIDUALS .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to each individual receiving counseling under this subsection shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of how the individual may budget for typical educational expenses and a sample budget based on the cost of at-tendance for the institution. ‘‘(B) An explanation that an individual has a right to annually request a disclosure of information collected by a consumer report-ing agency pursuant to section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681j(a)). ‘‘(C) Based on the most recent data avail-able from the American Community Survey available from the Department of Commerce, the estimated average income and percent-age of employment in the State of domicile of the individual for individuals with— ‘‘(i) a high school diploma or equivalent; ‘‘(ii) some post-secondary education with-out completion of a degree or certificate; and ‘‘(iii) a bachelor’s degree. ‘‘(D) An introduction to the financial man-agement resources provided by the Financial Literacy and Education Commission. ‘‘(3) S
TUDENTS RECEIVING FEDERAL PELL  
GRANTS .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to each student re-ceiving a Federal Pell Grant shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the terms and con-ditions of the Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(B) An explanation of approved edu-cational expenses for which the student may use the Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(C) An explanation of why the student may have to repay the Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(D) An explanation of the maximum num-ber of semesters or equivalent for which the student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant, and a statement of the amount of time remaining for which the student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(E) An explanation that if the student transfers to another institution not all of the student’s courses may be acceptable in transfer toward meeting specific degree or program requirements at such institution, but the amount of time remaining for which a student may be eligible to receive a Fed-eral Pell Grant, as provided under subpara-graph (D), will not change. ‘‘(F) An explanation of how the student may seek additional financial assistance from the institution’s financial aid office due to a change in the student’s financial cir-cumstances, and the contact information for such office. ‘‘(4) BORROWERS RECEIVING LOANS MADE  
UNDER PART D (OTHER THAN PARENT PLUS  
LOANS) .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to a borrower of a loan made under part D (other than a Fed-eral Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of a dependent student) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To the extent practicable, the effect of accepting the loan to be disbursed on the eligibility of the borrower for other forms of student financial assistance. ‘‘(B) An explanation of the use of the mas-ter promissory note. ‘‘(C) An explanation that the borrower is not required to accept the full amount of the loan offered to the borrower. ‘‘(D) An explanation that the borrower should consider accepting any grant, schol-arship, or State or Federal work-study jobs for which the borrower is eligible prior to ac-cepting Federal student loans. ‘‘(E) A recommendation to the borrower to exhaust the borrower’s Federal student loan options prior to taking out private education loans, an explanation that Federal student loans typically offer better terms and condi-tions than private education loans, an expla-nation of treatment of loans made under part D and private education loans in bank-ruptcy, and an explanation that if a bor-rower decides to take out a private edu-cation loan— ‘‘(i) the borrower has the ability to select a private educational lender of the bor-rower’s choice; ‘‘(ii) the proposed private education loan may impact the borrower’s potential eligi-bility for other financial assistance, includ-ing Federal financial assistance under this title; and ‘‘(iii) the borrower has a right— ‘‘(I) to accept the terms of the private edu-cation loan within 30 calendar days following the date on which the application for such loan is approved and the borrower receives the required disclosure documents, pursuant to section 128(e) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)); and ‘‘(II) to cancel such loan within 3 business days of the date on which the loan is con-summated, pursuant to section 128(e)(7) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)(7)). ‘‘(F) An explanation of the approved edu-cational expenses for which the borrower may use a loan made under part D. ‘‘(G) Information on the annual and aggre-gate loan limits for Federal Direct Stafford Loans and Federal Direct Unsubsidized Staf-ford Loans. ‘‘(H) Information on how interest accrues and is capitalized during periods when the interest is not paid by either the borrower or the Secretary. ‘‘(I) In the case of a Federal Direct PLUS Loan or a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Staf-ford Loan, the option of the borrower to pay the interest while the borrower is in school. ‘‘(J) The definition of half-time enrollment at the institution, during regular terms and summer school, if applicable, and the con-sequences of not maintaining at least half- time enrollment. ‘‘(K) An explanation of the importance of contacting the appropriate offices at the in-stitution of higher education if the borrower withdraws prior to completing the bor-rower’s program of study so that the institu-tion can provide exit counseling, including information regarding the borrower’s repay-ment options and loan consolidation. ‘‘(L) For a first-time borrower— ‘‘(i) a statement of the anticipated balance on the loan for which the borrower is receiv-ing counseling under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) based on such anticipated balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under, at minimum— ‘‘(I) the standard repayment plan; and ‘‘(II) an income-based repayment plan under section 493C, as determined using re-gionally available data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the average starting sal-ary for the occupation in which the borrower has an interest in or intends to be employed; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under each repayment plan described in clause (ii), based on the average cumulative indebtedness at graduation for borrowers of loans made under part D who are in the same program of study as the bor-rower. ‘‘(M) For a borrower with an outstanding balance of principal or interest due on a loan made under this title— ‘‘(i) a current statement of the amount of such outstanding balance and interest ac-crued; ‘‘(ii) based on such outstanding balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under, at minimum, the standard repayment plan and, using regionally available data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the average starting salary for the occupation the borrower intends to be employed, an in-come-based repayment plan under section 493C; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under each repayment plan described in clause (ii), based on— ‘‘(I) the outstanding balance described in clause (i); ‘‘(II) the anticipated outstanding balance on the loan for which the student is receiv-ing counseling under this subsection; and ‘‘(III) a projection for any other loans made under part D that the borrower is rea-sonably expected to accept during the bor-rower’s program of study based on at least the expected increase in the cost of attend-ance of such program. ‘‘(N) The obligation of the borrower to repay the full amount of the loan, regardless of whether the borrower completes or does not complete the program in which the bor-rower is enrolled within the regular time for program completion. ‘‘(O) The likely consequences of default on the loan, including adverse credit reports, delinquent debt collection procedures under Federal law, and litigation, and a notice of the institution’s most recent cohort default rate (defined in section 435(m)), an expla-nation of the cohort default rate, the most recent national average cohort default rate, and the most recent national average cohort default rate for the category of institution described in section 435(m)(4) to which the institution belongs. ‘‘(P) Information on the National Student Loan Data System and how the borrower can access the borrower’s records. ‘‘(Q) The contact information for the insti-tution’s financial aid office or other appro-priate office at the institution the borrower may contact if the borrower has any ques-tions about the borrower’s rights and respon-sibilities or the terms and conditions of the loan. ‘‘(5) B
ORROWERS RECEIVING PARENT PLUS  
LOANS FOR DEPENDENT STUDENTS .—The infor-mation to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to a borrower of a Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of a dependent student shall include the following: ‘‘(A) The information described in subpara-graphs (A) through (C) and (N) through (Q) of paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) The option of the borrower to pay the interest on the loan while the loan is in deferment. ‘‘(C) For a first-time borrower of such loan— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.015 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7855 September 5, 2018 
‘‘(i) a statement of the anticipated balance on the loan for which the borrower is receiv-ing counseling under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) based on such anticipated balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under the standard repayment plan; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under the standard repay-ment plan, based on the average cumulative indebtedness of other borrowers of Federal Direct PLUS Loans made on behalf of de-pendent students who are in the same pro-gram of study as the student on whose behalf the borrower borrowed the loan. ‘‘(D) For a borrower with an outstanding balance of principal or interest due on such loan— ‘‘(i) a statement of the amount of such out-standing balance; ‘‘(ii) based on such outstanding balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under the standard repayment plan; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under the standard repay-ment plan, based on— ‘‘(I) the outstanding balance described in clause (i); ‘‘(II) the anticipated outstanding balance on the loan for which the borrower is receiv-ing counseling under this subsection; and ‘‘(III) a projection for any other Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of the de-pendent student that the borrower is reason-ably expected to accept during the program of study of such student based on at least the expected increase in the cost of attendance of such program. ‘‘(E) Debt management strategies that are designed to facilitate the repayment of such indebtedness. ‘‘(F) An explanation that the borrower has the options to prepay each loan, pay each loan on a shorter schedule, and change re-payment plans. ‘‘(G) For each Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of a dependent student for which the borrower is receiving counseling under this subsection, the contact informa-tion for the loan servicer of the loan and a link to such servicer’s Website. ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL LOAN ACCEPTANCE .—Prior to making the first disbursement of a loan made under part D (other than a Federal Di-rect Consolidation Loan) to a borrower for an award year, an eligible institution, shall, as part of carrying out the counseling re-quirements of this subsection for the loan, ensure that after receiving the applicable counseling under paragraphs (2), (4), and (5) for the loan the borrower accepts the loan for such award year by— ‘‘(A) signing the master promissory note for the loan; ‘‘(B) signing and returning to the institu-tion a separate written statement that af-firmatively states that the borrower accepts the loan; or ‘‘(C) electronically signing an electronic version of the statement described in sub-paragraph (B).’’. 
SEC. 3. EXIT COUNSELING. 
Section 485(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘through financial aid offices or otherwise’’ and inserting ‘‘through the use of an interactive program, during an exit coun-seling session that is in-person or online, or through the use of the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(A)’’; (B) by redesignating clauses (i) through (ix) as clauses (iv) through (xii), respec-tively; (C) by inserting before clause (iv), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(i) a summary of the outstanding balance of principal and interest due on the loans made to the borrower under part B, D, or E; ‘‘(ii) an explanation of the grace period preceding repayment and the expected date that the borrower will enter repayment; ‘‘(iii) an explanation that the borrower has the option to pay any interest that has ac-crued while the borrower was in school or that may accrue during the grace period pre-ceding repayment or during an authorized period of deferment or forbearance, prior to the capitalization of the interest;’’; (D) in clause (iv), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘sample information show-ing the average’’ and inserting ‘‘information, based on the borrower’s outstanding balance described in clause (i), showing the bor-rower’s’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘of each plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of at least the standard repayment plan and the income-based repayment plan under section 493C’’; (E) in clause (ix), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘decreased credit score,’’ after ‘‘credit reports,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘reduced ability to rent or purchase a home or car, potential difficulty in securing employment,’’ after ‘‘Federal law,’’; (F) in clause (x), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘consolidation loan under section 428C or a’’; (G) in clauses (xi) and (xii), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xiii) for each of the borrower’s loans made under part B, D, or E for which the bor-rower is receiving counseling under this sub-section, the contact information for the loan servicer of the loan and a link to such servicer’s Website; and ‘‘(xiv) an explanation that an individual has a right to annually request a disclosure of information collected by a consumer re-porting agency pursuant to section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681j(a)).’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘online or’’ before ‘‘in writing’’; and (B) by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that in the case of an institution using the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(A), the Sec-retary shall attempt to provide such infor-mation to the student in the manner de-scribed in subsection (n)(3)(C)’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)(C), by inserting ‘‘, such as the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(A),’’ after ‘‘electronic means’’. SEC. 4. ONLINE COUNSELING TOOLS. 
Section 485 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) O
NLINE COUNSELING TOOLS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Em-powering Students Through Enhanced Fi-nancial Counseling Act, the Secretary shall maintain— ‘‘(A) an online counseling tool that pro-vides the exit counseling required under sub-section (b) and meets the applicable require-ments of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) an online counseling tool that pro-vides the annual counseling required under subsection (l) and meets the applicable re-quirements of this subsection. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF TOOLS .—In main- taining the online counseling tools described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that each such tool is— ‘‘(A) consumer tested, in consultation with other relevant Federal agencies, to ensure that the tool is effective in helping individ-uals understand their rights and obligations with respect to borrowing a loan made under part D or receiving a Federal Pell Grant; ‘‘(B) understandable to students receiving Federal Pell Grants and borrowers of loans made under part D; and ‘‘(C) freely available to all eligible institu-tions. ‘‘(3) RECORD OF COUNSELING COMPLETION .— The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) use each online counseling tool de-scribed in paragraph (1) to keep a record of which individuals have received counseling using the tool, and notify the applicable in-stitutions of the individual’s completion of such counseling; ‘‘(B) in the case of a borrower who receives annual counseling for a loan made under part D using the tool described in paragraph (1)(B), notify the borrower by when the bor-rower should accept, in a manner described in subsection (l)(6), the loan for which the borrower has received such counseling; and ‘‘(C) in the case of a borrower described in subsection (b)(1)(B) at an institution that uses the online counseling tool described in paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection, the Sec-retary shall attempt to provide the informa-tion described in subsection (b)(1)(A) to the borrower through such tool.’’. 
SEC. 5. LONGITUDINAL STUDY ON THE EFFEC-TIVENESS OF STUDENT LOAN COUN-SELING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall begin conducting a rigorous, longitudinal study of the impact and effec-tiveness of the student loan counseling— (1) provided under subsections (b), (l), and (n) of section 485 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092), as amended by this Act; and (2) provided through such other means as the Secretary of Education may determine. (b) C
ONTENTS .— (1) B
ORROWER INFORMATION .—The longitu-dinal study carried out under subsection (a) shall include borrower information, in the aggregate and disaggregated by race, eth-nicity, gender, income, and status as an indi-vidual with a disability, on— (A) student persistence; (B) degree attainment; (C) program completion; (D) successful entry into student loan re-payment; (E) cumulative borrowing levels; and (F) such other factors as the Secretary of Education may determine. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The disaggregation under paragraph (1) shall not be required in a case in which the number of borrowers in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual borrower. (c) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—Not later than 18 months after the commencement of the study under subsection (a), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Education shall evaluate the progress of the study and report any short-term findings to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 6. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS. 
(a) U SE OF EXISTING FUNDS .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for maintaining the Department of Education’s Financial Awareness Counseling Tool, $2,000,000 shall be available to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (b) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No funds are authorized to be appropriated by this Act to carry out this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.015 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7856 September 5, 2018 
printed in part A of House Report 115– 919. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, after line 11, insert the following: ‘‘(E) An explanation of how the student may seek additional financial assistance from the institution’s financial aid office due to a change in the student’s financial cir-cumstances, and the contact information for such office. Page 5, strike lines 12 through 16. Page 15, line 15, insert ‘‘and for such amount as is specified by the borrower’’ after ‘‘such award year’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 1049, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairwoman F
OXX. Today, young Americans are bur-dened with more than $1.4 trillion in student debt. As the cost of college tui-tion continues to rise, we know that students who do not complete their de-grees and graduate bear the heaviest burden when paying back loans. b1500 This is why we must ensure that bor-rowing is done wisely and that we pro-vide students with information so they don’t feel compelled to drop out be-cause of a change in finances. Financial literacy is the foundation needed for students to make informed decisions, yet over 40 percent of stu-dents carrying high debt loads cannot remember ever receiving financial counseling. Many students work very hard to line up savings, scholarships, grants, and loans to pay for their education only to have something change in their per-sonal life. This could be the death or an illness of a family member, the loss of a parent’s or student’s job, an invest-ment that didn’t work out, or any number of situations resulting in a sig-nificant change to the student’s finan-cial circumstances. When students are faced with these hardships, some rush into a loan that may not be in their best interest, and some may even decide to drop out of school. We should not accept either of those outcomes, especially when our Nation’s schools are equipped with the dedicated support of financial aid offi-cers. These individuals are able to help guide a student through the many com-plexities of financing higher education and are also ready and willing to guide students through unexpected financial turbulence. We know that students who do re-ceive adequate financial guidance are positioned to have much stronger fi-nancial health than those who do not. One challenge to this goal of financial literacy is ensuring students know who to go to when finances become an issue. This problem is particularly harmful to first-generation college stu-dents who may not have any family members or friends who can help advise on this type of situation or may not know where to look for additional fi-nancial guidance. My amendment adds to the impor-tant work of this underlying bill by en-suring all students receive an expla-nation of how they can seek additional assistance from their financial aid of-fice should they face a change in per-sonal financial circumstances. Since students will not be required to take out the maximum loan that they are eligible for, my amendment also clarifies that the loan the borrower re-ceives is the amount the borrower wants to take out. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). Without objection, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from New York, for her amendment. It improves the bill, and I support its ac-ceptance. Financing a college education can be a daunting process, especially for first- generation students. It can seem like there are things that everyone else knows but no one is telling them. If we are going to improve student coun-seling, we need to recognize this fact. This amendment requires that as part of the annual counseling students receive, they be made aware, if their fi-nancial circumstances change, they can and should contact their financial aid office on campus. There they can seek someone with the professional background, judgment, and assistance to help them make changes to awards, or they may find out about other aid for which the student may be eligible. Additionally, students may not know that while they are eligible for a cer-tain amount of Federal aid, they are not required to take the full amount. Many debt-conscious students may pre-fer to fund a smaller portion of their education through loans but may not know that this is an option. This amendment clarifies that in cases where the student specifies they would like to receive less aid, that is an amount that is discussed in their coun-seling. Again, I support the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague and friend, the gentlewoman from Oregon, for her sup-port. As she mentioned, this is a common-sense amendment. It particularly helps first-generation college students access the financial counseling they need. This improves the bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, strike lines 4 through 11 and insert the following: ‘‘(E) An explanation that, in the case of a student who transfers to another institution, the amount of time remaining for which a student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant, as provided under subparagraph (D), will not change, regardless of whether all of the courses completed by such student are accepted for purposes of meeting specific degree or program requirements by the insti-tution to which such student transfer.’’ In section 485(l)(4) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as proposed to be amended by section 2 of the bill— (1) redesignate subparagraphs (H) through (Q) as subparagraphs (I) through (R), respec-tively; and (2) insert after subparagraph (G) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(H) An explanation that, in the case of a student who transfers to another institution, the loan amounts such student received be-fore such transfer shall be used in deter-mining the aggregate loan amount of the student, regardless of whether all of the courses completed by such student are ac-cepted for purposes of meeting specific de-gree or program requirements by the institu-tion to which such student transfers.’’ Page 12, beginning on line 17, strike ‘‘(N) through (Q)’’ and insert ‘‘(O) through (R)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentle-woman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1635, the Empow-ering Students Through Enhanced Fi-nancial Counseling Act. This amend-ment would ensure that student bor-rowers who are considering whether to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.050 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7857 September 5, 2018 
transfer to another academic institu-tion are provided with the guidance necessary to make fully informed deci-sions related to their student loan debt and academic credit transfers. Currently, students who take out Federal loans to finance their edu-cation are limited to borrowing up to a certain aggregate amount, with the precise amount depending on the type of loan they have, their financial sta-tus, and whether they are enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program. My amendment would ensure that a student borrower who wishes to trans-fer to another institution is provided with a clear and concise explanation that the loans he or she has received up to that point will count towards their aggregate loan limit, regardless of whether all the course credits they have completed are accepted by the school they seek to transfer to. Stu-dents will benefit from learning this important information because it will help them more effectively plan their educational and financial futures. Stu-dents who know the facts before they transfer will be in a better position to decide whether transferring is, in fact, the right decision for them. Those students who do decide to transfer will be more likely to care-fully research all their transfer op-tions, and they will likely give pref-erence to those schools that will accept the credits they earned at their current school and that otherwise provide stu-dents with a smooth and seamless tran-sition process. Fewer students will be in the position of having transferred only to find out that very few of the credits they worked so hard to earn and had paid for will actually count to-wards their degree. I believe my amendment will be par-ticularly helpful to students who are enrolled in community or State col-leges and are seeking to transfer to a 4- year program. Many students who live in my central Florida district are in precisely this position. Notably, the University of Central Florida, which I am proud to represent, has established a strong transfer pro-gram in partnership with six State and community colleges throughout Flor-ida, including Valencia College and Seminole State College in my district. The program is called DirectConnect to UCF. In general, it guarantees stu-dents admission to UCF if they have earned an associate degree from a part-ner college, and the credits earned by the student at the partner college typi-cally transfer. This is exactly the sort of transfer program that my amend-ment will encourage students to uti-lize. Collectively, Americans owe a crush-ing $1.4 trillion in student debt. As someone who is still paying off her own student loans, I know there is far more we can and should do to ensure that students are not saddled with excessive debt and are prepared to succeed after graduation. Nevertheless, I am encouraged that we are taking a step in the right direc-tion today by considering this impor-tant legislation. By increasing trans-parency in the student loan process as it relates to credit transfers, we will provide our students with the informa-tion they need to make the best edu-cational and financial decisions for themselves. I thank the Rules Committee for al-lowing the House to consider this amendment, and I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amend-ment, but I do not intend to oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will provide borrowers with critical information on aggregate loan limits, which is particularly im-portant for transfer students, as my friend just explained. This disclosure will encourage borrowers to thought-fully plan their college expenses and will help students make informed deci-sions when transferring schools. I thank my colleague for offering this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I would just reiterate my hope that my colleagues will accept this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 9, line 10, strike ‘‘an income-based re-payment plan under section 493C’’ and insert ‘‘the income-driven repayment plans the bor-rower is eligible for’’. Page 10, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘an in-come-based repayment plan under section 493C’’ and insert ‘‘the income-driven repay-ment plans the borrower is eligible for’’. Page 17, beginning on line 11, strike ‘‘the income-based repayment plan under section 493C’’ and insert ‘‘the income-driven repay-ment plans the borrower is eligible for’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, college affordability and the student loan crisis affect every community across our Nation. The decisions that young people are forced to make in order to get a degree—decisions involv-ing tens and sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars—can affect the rest of their lives. Over 44 million Americans have a total of $1.5 trillion in student loan debt. In Arizona, borrowers owe an av-erage of just under $24,000, annually, in student loan debt. That is why I am pleased that the un-derlying bill before us today takes an important step towards making sure students and borrowers have more tools and information about their op-tions, including income-driven repay-ment plans. Income-driven repayment plans like PAYE, REPAYE, and IBR have increased in enrollment in recent years and can offer borrowers more predictability and manageability on their student loan payments. A lot of borrowers don’t know about all the income-driven repayment op-tions they are eligible for, making it harder to figure out which one might be the best fit. My commonsense amendment helps to fix that by simply requiring the annual counseling man-dated by the underlying bill to disclose the anticipated monthly payment to a borrower for any income-driven repay-ment plan they are eligible for. Increasing awareness about all in-come-driven repayment options and what a borrower could expect to pay under each program they are eligible for will help equip them and their fam-ilies with more resources to make im-portant decisions. My amendment, like the underlying bill, is an important step forward to support our hardworking students and workers in our communities at a time when many are still struggling. We have an obligation to increase trans-parency to borrowers and ensure they have the tools to thrive. I want to thank Congressman BERA for his support of this amendment, as well as Congresswoman F
OXX and Ranking Member S
COTT for their work on this bipartisan bill before us today. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amend-ment, but I do not intend to oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will help students see an estimated monthly student loan pay-ment broken down by all income-driv-en repayment plans for which the stu-dent is eligible. I support this amendment because students need to see the full range of possibilities available to them so they can make informed choices about what they borrow and how they will repay the funds. I thank my colleague for offering the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.054 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7858 September 5, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA). Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of our amendment to H.R. 1635. Our amendment is simple. It would ensure that student borrowers are provided in-formation about the full range of in-come-based repayment options. This will help students get a full picture of what college is going to look like and give an estimate of what they might owe on a monthly basis over their an-ticipated career. This additional trans-parency will make sure students are not caught off guard about their stu-dent debt after graduation. As the co-chair of the California Pub-lic Higher Education Caucus, one of my priorities here in Congress has been working to improve the affordability, accessibility, and quality of higher education. Think about it. I paid $393 a quarter to go to medical school. That meant I could go to 4 years of undergraduate school, 4 years of medical school, get some help from my folks, work part time, a few scholarships, and graduate with less than $10,000 of debt. That is amazing. b1515 Now, I am not that old. We might not be able to get to that place, but the truth is that education has allowed me to do what I have done throughout my life, and that is an investment that pays off. Let’s make sure we make higher edu-cation affordable and accessible to our students in that next generation. Let’s make sure we keep making those in-vestments, and, again, let’s make sure that those students have that trans-parency and the information that they need to make reasonable decisions. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
MINNESOTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 12, strike lines 19 through 21 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) A notification that some students may qualify for other financial aid and an explanation that the student for whom the borrower is taking out the loan should con-sider accepting any grant, scholarship, or State or Federal work-study jobs for which such student is eligible prior to borrowing Parent PLUS Loans. Page 14, line 23, insert ‘‘pay each loan while the dependent child is still in school, pay the interest on the loan while the loan is in deferment,’’ after ‘‘a shorter schedule,’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, we currently have over $1.4 tril-lion in student debt, a burden that too many carry with them well after their time on campus, delaying critical mile-stones, such as buying a house or start-ing a family. At the core of this problem is insuffi-cient financial literacy at the time of borrowing, things like understanding that the amount you will have to pay back is going to be greater than the loan you took out, the magic of com-pound interest; learning how to budget for typical educational expenses and recognizing that paying loans back faster, not just hitting the minimum amount due, will make the loan less expensive. When borrowers do not receive this critical information up front, they are prone to over-borrowing and inefficient repayment, costing our students, fami-lies, and taxpayers far more than it should for access to a great higher edu-cation. So I applaud Representative G
UTHRIE  and Representative B
ONAMICI for their hard work as this underlying legisla-tion is an essential step towards en-hancing financial awareness and em-powering smart decisions. While right now only about half of all students even remember receiving the limited counseling they did receive, this bill ensures students will receive comprehensive counseling each year and before they agree to take out the loans. For the first time, low-income stu-dents receiving Pell grants will be in-cluded in the counseling, allowing them to maximize this opportunity for education vouchers. My amendment builds on the power of this legislation and is specifically aimed at parents who want to provide the best education for their child and must navigate the confusing maze of student aid options currently on the books. With my amendment, parents will be notified that their child may qualify for and should consider scholarships, grants, and Federal workstudy jobs prior to taking out any PLUS loans. These debt-free alternatives to bor-rowing exist, yet lack of awareness can lead to a costly missed opportunity. A workstudy program provides not only a source of income to cover the costs of college, but it can be a power-ful educational experience and a com-plement to learning that takes place in the classroom. Additionally, my amendment ensures parent borrowers are aware that they can start paying off the loan while their child is still in school and can pay interest on the loan while it is in deferment. Student loan programs should en-courage a quick and responsible path towards becoming debt-free and not incentivize borrowers to pay back as slowly as possible. My amendment in this legislation will equip students and families with greater financial awareness around the true cost of paying back their loans, protecting them from over-borrowing and improving loan repayment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from Min-nesota for his amendment. It improves the bill, and I support its acceptance. Students may be eligible for many different forms of financial aid, and in our effort to improve financial coun-seling, we should make sure that ap-propriate disclosures and information are being shared with the borrowers based on the type of aid they are re-ceiving. This amendment addresses Parent PLUS loans, loans that parents or guardians can take out to pay for the education of a dependent student. Par-ent PLUS loans have a higher interest rate than direct loans, and because they can cover unmet need up to the cost of attendance, the loan balance can grow rather quickly. As such, par-ents should be counseled that there may be other forms of aid that their student can take advantage of to help reduce the size of the Parent PLUS loan that is needed. A robust coun-seling program will also inform par-ents, as the gentleman stated, that there is no penalty to prepaying either the interest or the principal on these loans. Again, Mr. Chair, I support the gen-tleman’s amendment because it im-proves the underlying legislation, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I thank my colleague as well for supporting this amendment. As students return to their class-rooms this fall, parents across the country are wondering how they can provide the best opportunities to their children. Financing a higher education is one of the biggest financial decisions a family will make. It is essential they are equipped with the right informa-tion and meaningful counseling before they make this decision. My amendment ensures parents are able to consider all the options to pay for their student’s education before they decide to take out a PLUS loan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.056 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7859 September 5, 2018 
With the right information, a great workstudy job, scholarship, or grant program will not be left on the table when parents make certain those deci-sions to go into debt are responsible ones. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the un-derlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ALLEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 24, strike the period and quotation mark at the end. Page 15, after line 24, insert the following: ‘‘(7) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to prohibit an eligi-ble institution from providing additional in-formation and counseling services to recipi-ents of Federal student aid under this title, provided that any additional information and counseling services for recipients of Fed-eral student aid shall not preclude or be con-sidered a condition for disbursement of such aid.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1635 makes important improvements to en-sure that the Department of Education is doing its job when offering loans to our students for their continued edu-cation. Too many young people are coming out of school with a mountain of stu-dent loan debt without having under-stood the full implications of accepting such debt in the first place. Students receiving annual counseling about the obligations of Federal student loans is long overdue. However, it is imperative that insti-tutions of higher education do their part to ensure that students consider Federal student loans as a last resort. In fact, one of the questions that I asked in a committee hearing is: Does anyone encourage students to work their way through college anymore? My amendment provides that noth-ing prohibits institutions from pro-viding additional financial counseling above what is already included in the bill. When it comes to government-backed loans, the goal of every higher edu-cation institution should be to guar-antee the success of their students rather than burdening them with debt they cannot repay. Many institutions are taking steps in the right direction to contain costs, but the higher education community needs to step it up to lower costs to en-sure that our students are not grad-uating with an unreasonable amount of debt and without a plan to pay it back. The purpose of my amendment is to send a signal to the university system that it should do more than the min-imum required by law to ensure stu-dents receive meaningful financial counseling. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his amendment. It im-proves the underlying bill, and I sup-port its acceptance. I rise in support of the amendment to clarify that institutions have the abil-ity to provide additional financial counseling beyond the requirements es-tablished in the underlying bill while making sure that the additional coun-seling will in no way preclude students from receiving their aid on time. Although the underlying bill does not prohibit institutions from providing this counseling, this amendment makes explicit the institution’s ability to provide that additional support. Institutions know their students and the individual capacity of those stu-dents, and it is important to provide this flexibility so schools can provide more counseling as needed. Again, I support the gentleman’s amendment, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for her support of this important amendment. I urge passage of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 24, strike the period and quotation mark at the end. Page 15, after line 24, insert the following: ‘‘(7) C
OUNSELING SESSIONS CONDUCTED IN  
PERSON .—Institutions of higher education may encourage individuals to attend in-per-son loan counseling sessions under paragraph (1)(A).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Missouri. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would encourage colleges and univer-sities to offer face-to-face loan coun-seling. As students arrive at colleges and university campuses this fall, many will soon find themselves imme-diately in debt. According to the De-partment of Education, a typical stu-dent borrower takes out roughly $6,600 in a single year and averages $22,000 in debt by graduation. Alarmingly, default rates are at an all-time high. What is worse is that many students report not even remem-bering their student loan counseling. We need to change that. I have heard from schools in my dis-trict, including many community col-leges, about the need for more robust, personal loan counseling. Many stu-dents take out loans and have dif-ficulty finding the type of jobs nec-essary to pay those loans off and be-come so saddled with debt that it causes them to delay many of life’s milestones, like getting married or buying a house. The type of personalized counseling my amendment encourages should in-clude a sit-down discussion about the current demands of the job market in relation to what the student is study-ing and their realistic ability to repay the financial obligations they are tak-ing. Students should know what they are getting into and not be at an imme-diate economic disadvantage at grad-uation. Schools should do their best to edu-cate their students about their obliga-tions and guide them toward financial literacy and stability, and this cannot effectively be accomplished through the click of a button. I applaud my colleague from Ken-tucky for offering this important piece of legislation to enhance the informa-tion that students receive, and I thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment on personal loan coun-seling in order. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I am supportive of this amendment because it simply allows institutions to encour-age in-person counseling, but I would be remiss if I did not state that this provision is not necessary. The under-lying bill already permits institutions to provide either in-person counseling or use the consumer-tested online tool that would be created by the Depart-ment of Education. H.R. 1635, the underlying bill, was written intentionally in this way to provide flexibility to institutions. Some institutions will be able to pro-vide high quality in-person counseling, but underresourced institutions may find it difficult to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.059 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7860 September 5, 2018 
This is why the bill contains provi-sions to have the Department of Edu-cation create a standardized tool to en-sure at least a base level of quality within and across institutions. Because the success of in-person counseling is informed not only by the content but also by the individual providing the counseling, this online tool will make sure that students receive the same caliber of counseling regardless of where the counseling is provided or who provides the counseling. To confirm effectiveness, the tool will be tested by students, financial aid advisers, advocacy organizations, and other stakeholders. Again, in-person counseling would be fine and best for some students when the institution can provide it, but hav-ing that flexibility is important as well. Mr. Chair, I do urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s support. With total student loan debt of over $1.3 trillion and rising and over 44 mil-lion individuals still saddled with stu-dent debt, we must take action. b1530 The student loan crisis looms over America’s economy, and we must make sure that students are aware of the fi-nancial obligations they are agreeing to and cognizant of their ability to repay those obligations. Personalized, face-to-face counseling can be an effec-tive tool to address this crisis. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 16, line 13, strike ‘‘(iv) through (xii), respectively’’ and insert ‘‘(v) through (xiii), respectively’’. Page 16, line 14, strike ‘‘before clause (iv)’’ and insert ‘‘before clause (v)’’. Page 17, line 2, strike the quotation mark and semicolon at the end. Page 17, after line 2, insert the following: ‘‘(iv) an explanation that the borrower may be approached during the repayment process by third-party student debt relief companies, that they should use caution in any such dealings, and that the typical serv-ices provided by these companies are already offered to borrowers free of charge through servicers;’’; Page 17, line 3, strike ‘‘in clause (iv)’’ and insert ‘‘in clause (v)’’. Page 17, line 13, strike ‘‘in clause (ix)’’ and insert ‘‘in clause (x)’’. Page 17, line 20, strike ‘‘in clause (x)’’ and insert ‘‘in clause (xi)’’. Page 17, line 23, strike ‘‘in clauses (xi) and (xii)’’ and insert ‘‘in clauses (xii) and (xiii)’’. Page 18, line 1, strike ‘‘(xiii)’’ and insert ‘‘(xiv)’’. Page 18, line 6, strike ‘‘(xiv)’’ and insert ‘‘(xv)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my amendment, which simply adds to the requirements for student loan exit counseling in the underlying bill. I would like to thank Congressman G
UTHRIE and Congresswoman B ONAMICI  for their leadership in crafting this bill and for their consideration of this amendment. With my amendment, exit counseling would include an explicit warning about third-party, fraudulent compa-nies that often call, email, text, send letters, and use aggressive advertising to reach students during the repay-ment process. These so-called debt relief companies sometimes say they can help settle your Federal student loans, warn bor-rowers that forgiveness programs could end soon, and sometimes even pose as being affiliated with the U.S. Govern-ment. These companies generally do not offer any relief at all and charge for services that are already provided for free by loan servicers. Often, these companies leave borrowers worse off, severely damage their credit scores, or make changes to loan repayment plans that they didn’t authorize. I think Republicans and Democrats both agree that these are scams, pure and simple. These same companies who once preyed on underwater mortgage holders have now moved on to lure stu-dent loan borrowers simply trying to pay off their debts, provide for them-selves or their families, and live a bet-ter life. It is hard enough for borrowers to navigate the complicated maze of repayment options and obtain sound guidance from their servicer without scammers coming in to blow up the whole thing. What is more, many of these compa-nies have already had to pay massive settlements to our government for scamming consumers. The Federal Trade Commission and State attorneys general across the country, including from my home State of Washington, have brought cases against these scammers who have used deception and false promises of relief to take more than $95 million in illegal upfront fees from American consumers over the years. In 2014, the CFPB filed a lawsuit against a company called Student Loan Processing.US for deceiving consumers about its fee structure and misrepre-senting its affiliation. It led to the dis-tribution of hundreds of thousands of dollars back to defrauded consumers. I am very grateful for the oppor-tunity to offer this critical consumer protection amendment that helps em-power students to make sound finan-cial decisions. I do recognize that en-hancing financial literacy is just a small sliver of the legislation we need to chip away at our student debt crisis. Right now, I know that we need to take that next step in the crisis with bold policy solutions to address that $1.4 trillion in student loan debt that is dragging down our economy. But at this moment, Madam Chair, I com-mend my colleagues for this practical step, and I urge support of my amend-ment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Chair, I rise to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, but I do not intend to op-pose it. The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Without objection, the gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Chair, this proposal will make sure students are warned about third-party debt relief companies that prey on borrowers. They frequently provide inaccurate or misleading information and often charge excessive fees for services that can be received without cost through federally contracted student loan servicers. As my friend said, Federal student loan servicers employ dedi-cated professionals equipped to help borrowers navigate the loan repayment process and provide the assistance they need free of charge. This amendment will ensure bor-rowers are armed with the information they need to better protect their fi-nances and help make wise decisions as they begin to repay their Federal stu-dent loans. I thank my friend from Washington for offering this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the un-derlying bill. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. As someone with a consumer protec-tion background, I thank her for her amendment. It has already been stated during the debate that there is close to $1.5 tril-lion in outstanding student loan debt. It should be no surprise that there are companies and individuals poised to make money on the backs of student borrowers through fraudulent means. In recent years, there has been an ex-plosion of third-party debt relief scams targeting student loan borrowers. These businesses claim that, for a fee, they can cut through the red tape for borrowers and get their student loan house in order. They misrepresent serv-ices, make promises they can’t keep, and charge for activities that cost nothing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.063 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7861 September 5, 2018 
State and Federal consumer protec-tion groups have already started crack-ing down on these groups. State attor-neys general, the Federal Trade Com-mission, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have either sounded the alarm or conducted enforcement actions targeting these fraudulent companies. We should use this opportunity in this bill when conducting loan coun-seling to remind students that their loan servicer is paid through the De-partment of Education to provide as-sistance with these services free of charge. They should be wary of any third-party company attempting to fa-cilitate repayment of their Federal student loans. It is a commonsense addition to the bill, and I thank the gentlewoman for offering the amendment. Again, I support this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Chair, I want-ed to again reiterate my thanks to both Congressman G
UTHRIE and Con-gresswoman B
ONAMICI , and urge sup-port of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee) having assumed the chair, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 1049, she reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-tion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. LAMB. I am opposed in its cur-rent form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Lamb moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1635 to the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 21, line 22, insert ‘‘status as a recipi-ent of assistance under a tuition assistance program conducted by the Department of De-fense under section 1784a or 2007 of title 10, United States Code, or other authorities available to the Department of Defense or veterans’ education benefits (as defined in section 480),’’ after ‘‘income,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes on his motion. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I have been here for 5 months now. I have met a lot of people who still want to work hard, do the right thing, and, most importantly, get things done. This is true on both sides of the aisle. But the problem is that, even when we work together and we are close to finally getting something done, the leadership of this House can deny us a vote on bills that are already written, on bills that are supported by both sides, and on bills that are good for the American people. They deny us a vote. Mr. Speaker, this amendment is a perfect example. I offered an amend-ment to this bill. The amendment would help make sure that veterans are getting the information they need about student loans. This bill does not recognize veterans. It does say that, down the road, we have to study its ef-fects and that we should look at race; we should look at ethnicity; we should look at gender; we should look at in-come; and we should look at people with disabilities. I agree with all of that. But we should also look at the ef-fect on veterans. Veterans are different from other students. Many students rely on their parents, but many veterans are par-ents. Many students are taking out their first loans, but many veterans al-ready have mortgages. Many students are leaving home for the first time, while many veterans are coming home from tours of service all over the world. We need to know if veterans are get-ting the information they need about their student loans, in addition to these other groups. I know that Members of both parties agree with that. I met with several Re-publicans yesterday, and not a single one raised a single objection to this amendment. But then we find out that leadership will not allow a vote on this amendment. Why is that? Well, Mr. Speaker, this motion to re-commit will allow us a vote. It will allow us to vote for veterans. Our student loan system is stacked against veterans, just like it is stacked against so many of our fellow Ameri-cans. We thank our veterans for their service all the time, using words. Today, let’s thank them with action. Let’s thank them with the force of law. Let’s thank them by doing our jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity to be here. We all support veterans. Under this bill, every veteran re-ceives the same enhanced counseling provided to all borrowers. Looking at the study and before we determine the right elements of a new study to ensure we are providing the best service, we should pause and, I suggest, work with our Veterans’ Affairs Committee to make sure we address the totality of the issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge the underlying bill’s support. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and support the final bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 44 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1705 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 5 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the clause 8 of rule XX, pro-ceedings will resume on questions pre-viously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Motion to recommit on H.R. 1635; Passage of H.R. 1635, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.066 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7862 September 5, 2018 
The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
EMPOWERING STUDENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FINANCIAL COUNSELING ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling require-ments under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. L
AMB), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 187, nays 224, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 384] YEAS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—17 
Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Capuano DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Jenkins (WV) Maloney, Sean Palazzo Poe (TX) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Sensenbrenner Speier Thornberry Titus Walz 
b1731 Messrs. BILIRAKIS, LAMBORN, POSEY, MARINO, ROSKAM, YODER, YOUNG of Alaska, LONG, and COL-LINS of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. SOTO, BLUMENAUER, O’HALLERAN, Mses. SHEA-PORTER, MOORE, and BASS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE  
HOUSE  
The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 29, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the Certificate of Election received from the Honorable Jon Husted, the Ohio Secretary of State, indi-cating that, at the Special Election held on August 7, 2018, the Honorable Troy Balderson was duly elected Representative in Congress for the 12th Congressional District, State of Ohio. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. Enclosure. T
HESTATE OF OHIO 
CERTIFICATE OF ELECTION  Representative to Congress—Twelfth District To the Clerk of the House of Representatives of the United States: This is to certify, that on the 7th day of August 2018, Troy Balderson was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the 12th Congres-sional District of the State of Ohio as the Representative to Congress from said dis-trict to represent said State in the House of Representatives of the United States for the unexpired term ending January 3, 2019. In testimony whereof, I have hereunto sub-scribed my name and caused the great seal of the State of Ohio to be hereto affixed at Co-lumbus, Ohio, this 24th day of August, in the year of our Lord, A.D. 2018. By the Governor: J
OHNR. K ASICH , Governor. Countersigned: J
ONHUSTED , Secretary of State. [State Seal Affixed 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE TROY  
BALDERSON , OF OHIO , AS A MEMBER OF THE  
HOUSE  
The SPEAKER. Will Representative- elect Balderson and the Members of the Ohio delegation present themselves in the well. All Members will rise and the Rep-resentative-elect will please raise his right hand. Mr. BALDERSON appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of of-fice, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Dec 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\H05SE8.REC H05SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7863 September 5, 2018 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE TROY BALDERSON  
TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, distin-guished Members, and guests. It is my privilege to welcome Congressman T
ROY BALDERSON to represent Ohio’s 12th District, succeeding Representa-tive Pat Tiberi, who chose to retire be-fore completing his term. Let us congratulate you and your co-alition for a hard-fought campaign vic-tory. We all know the demands re-quired to compete in any election, and yours drew so much national attention. It is estimated that over $10.5 million was expended overall on the race, about 60 times what the job pays. So let me offer an idea, perhaps on a bi-partisan basis, that Ohio’s Representa-tives could join together to lead our Nation to finally limit campaign spending and be the first State to end this mad dash to excess cash. The money chase is a real scourge on the very foundation of representative gov-ernment. Representative B
ALDERSON has served the State of Ohio in the State House of Representatives as well as most recently the State Senate. He is a father to one son, as well as an elder in his church. He now embarks on a new journey of service. From Zanesville, Ohio, he will rep-resent the centrally located counties of Franklin, Marion, Muskingum, and Richland, which include a segment of Ohio’s capital and our largest city, Co-lumbus, as well as small towns and cit-ies across central Ohio. Representing a diverse set of commu-nities is a hard job. But it is the job radical gerrymandering has thrust on us. As Representatives in this people’s House, we are designed to be the body closest to the American people. We know the people of America want re-form. They want solutions. They want action. Our public is demanding that we work together to find common ground on the great challenges facing our Nation. Let us find that common ground by recalling the powerful words of Daniel Webster carved in this Chamber high above the Speaker’s rostrum: ‘‘Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institu-tions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also in our day and generation may not perform something worthy to be remembered.’’ Welcome to the United States House of Representatives, Representative T
ROYBALDERSON . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. As the dean of the Ohio Republican delegation, I rise to welcome the new-est Buckeye to our delegation, T
ROY B
ALDERSON . T
ROY was born and raised in south-east Ohio. He grew up and worked on his family farm. He graduated from Zanesville High School. And, Mr. Speaker, that is Zanesville, not Janes-ville. He also attended both Muskingum College as well as The Ohio State University. Prior to joining our delegation, TROY served our great State as both a mem-ber of the Ohio House of Representa-tives and a member of the Ohio Senate. He is no stranger to building relation-ships, learning the issues, and solving problems. So he will do well here. As a businessman, as my colleague mentioned, an elder at the Christian Church in Zanesville, and as an ath-lete, T
ROY has proven time and again that hard work and a little grit make a very strong leader. I have no doubt that our delegation and the residents of the 12th Congressional District will truly benefit from his experience. I be-lieve that we all will. Congratulations to you and your family, T
ROY. On behalf of the Ohio Re-publican delegation and I think all Members, welcome to the United States House of Representatives. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. B
ALDERSON ). Mr. BALDERSON. Speaker R
YAN, Representative K
APTUR , Chairman C
HABOT , and my new colleagues, thank you for that very warm welcome. To the people of the 12th District of Ohio, thank you for this remarkable oppor-tunity to serve you. It is an honor to stand in this Chamber and take the oath of office. Joining me today in the gallery are a number of my great friends, including my son, Joshua, and my girlfriend, Melanie. Thank you both for your love and support and for being here by my side today. My parents, Bill and Kathie, could not be here with me today, but they are watching back home in Zanesville. I also want to thank them for their love and support. I would not be here without them. Most importantly, I would also like to thank the good Lord for getting me here today. I am humbled to serve in the people’s House and look forward to fulfilling my duties representing the 12th District of Ohio. God bless you all. Thank you very much. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER  
The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath of office to the gen-tleman from Ohio, the whole number of the House is 430. Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 4, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 385] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.073 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7864 September 5, 2018 
Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—4 
Amash Massie Biggs Sanford 
NOT VOTING—19 
Babin Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Capuano DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Jenkins (WV) Maloney, Sean Palazzo Poe (TX) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Sensenbrenner Speier Thornberry Titus Vela Walz 
b1751 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Repub-lican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 1050 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECH-
NOLOGY : Mr. Balderson. C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. Balderson. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Washington? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6691, COMMUNITY SAFETY AND SECURITY ACT OF 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–920) on the resolution (H. Res. 1051) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6691) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of vio-lence’’, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4457 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 4457. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
THANKING THE USO FOR ITS COM-MITMENT TO MILITARY SPOUSES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the USO was on Capitol Hill earlier today for a service project where volunteers assembled care pack-ages for spouses of servicemembers who are currently deployed. In May, the USO kicked off the Sa-lute to Military Spouses, a 6-month spotlight on the contributions and challenges of our military spouses. This campaign aims to raise public awareness of these unsung heroes. The USO strengthens America’s mili-tary servicemembers by keeping them connected to family, home, and coun-try through their service to the Na-tion. For more than 75 years, the USO has been by the side of America’s mili-tary servicemembers and their fami-lies, too. There are USO centers at or near military installations across the United States and throughout the world, including in combat zones and even un-staffed USO service sites in places too dangerous for anyone but combat troops to occupy. Mr. Speaker, I thank the USO for its dedication to our servicemembers and their families. I salute our Nation’s military spouses; and I thank them for their dedication to their family and also this country. f 
FEMA BUNGLING IN PUERTO RICO (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, recently FEMA released a report into its own response after Hurricane Maria swept Puerto Rico last year. To sum up the report, FEMA screwed up. FEMA underestimated how much food people would need. FEMA miscalculated how much fresh water people would need. FEMA didn’t foresee how difficult it would be to get supplies to the island. And when Hurricane Maria struck, FEMA’s warehouse in Puerto Rico was basically empty. I was most shocked by FEMA’s ad-mission that its plans for a crisis in Puerto Rico were based on a focused disaster like a tsunami, not a major hurricane devastating the whole island. Just last week, the island’s death toll was adjusted to reflect the reality that thousands of people died because of Hurricane Maria. Mr. Speaker, these were American citizens. The Federal Government must do better. Lives are at stake. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIVES OF JOSEPH AND JOSEPHINE MENGONI (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the lives of two outstanding Georgians, Joseph and Josephine Mengoni, who passed away last month only a day apart and after 63 years of marriage. Mr. Mengoni dedicated his life to practicing pharmacy, advancing the profession in Georgia for both phar-macists and their patients. He prac-ticed retail pharmacy for nearly a dec-ade before serving as vice president of the Georgia Pharmacy Association, be-coming a certified diabetes instructor, and being the chairman of the board for DataRX Management. His work is exemplified by his creation of a pro-gram that helped pharmacists help their patients to quit smoking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.024 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7865 September 5, 2018 
Mrs. Mengoni devoted her life to her husband and raising their three chil-dren. She was deeply involved with the 4–H Club and even started the 4–H Club location in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where she lived for a number of years. Mr. and Mrs. Mengoni, their children, and other family members will be in my thoughts and prayers. 
f 
b1800 PUSH BACK ON CLEARANCES BEING REVOKED (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, last month, President Trump stripped former CIA Director John Brennan of his security clearance. That was not done because Director Brennan posed a threat to national security. No, it was done to silence a political opponent. Mr. Speaker, all Americans agree that the President should not be able to order the IRS to initiate an audit against a rival, and we should all be able to agree that he may not use his authority to revoke a security clear-ance. Yet the President has announced that he intends to invalidate the clear-ances of other current and former offi-cials who disagree with his policies. That is why I introduced H.R. 6680 with my colleagues, Mr. L
IEU and Ranking Member S
CHIFF of the Intel-ligence Committee, that will prevent the administration from revoking secu-rity clearances for political reasons. My bill would give agency officials the basis to push back on White House de-mands that more clearances be revoked outside of judicial processes and proto-cols. Mr. Speaker, granting, denying, or revoking security clearances for polit-ical retribution or the stifling of polit-ical dissent is un-American, and it should never be tolerated or allowed. I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation. 
f 
HONORING THE FIREFIGHTERS OF CALIFORNIA (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as we return this week to Washington after our district work period this last month, I rise today to recognize and honor the many firefighters around California, particularly in my own dis-trict, who have been fighting so hard to extinguish these devastating wildfires of hundreds of thousands of acres. The Carr fire quickly became one of the most devastating fires in northern California history, and, unfortunately, claimed the lives of three firefighters in the process. I am very grateful for their sacrifice and their unwavering ef-forts in the face of what had to seem nearly impossible odds. After all, when California’s poor forest management practices turn our public lands into tinderboxes, containing a wildfire be-comes extremely difficult. I spent a lot of time in Redding last month, and I saw firsthand the chal-lenges they faced and the great work being done to protect the citizens, the communities, and each other. Local firefighters, CalFire, the Hot-shots, Forest Service, smoke jumpers, all of them were ready to go and were working, participating, putting their lives on the line. We owe all these men and women a great deal of gratitude. We can debate what may cause these catastrophic fires, the fuel load in our forests, and lack of management, but there is no question who put these fires out. We are very grateful to them. f 
KAVANAUGH HEARING PROCEEDS (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, as the Kavanaugh hearing proceeds, the House gets no say on Supreme Court nominees, but our constituents have much to lose if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed. As chair of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Judicial Nominations Task Force, I have studied Judge Kavanaugh’s record closely. African Americans have the most to lose be-cause they, more than other Ameri-cans, have advanced their rights through the court. However, most Americans have much to lose, too, as Kavanaugh’s record on the Affordable Care Act, criminal jus-tice, and reproductive rights shows. Let the House also note, Kavanaugh’s vision of executive power would en-hance the authority of the executive at the expense of the other branches of government, including Congress, and, therefore, would pose a special danger to the Constitution’s careful balance of power. Brett Kavanaugh does not belong on the Supreme Court. 
f 
DAIRY FARMERS FACING A CRISIS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, our dairy farmers are facing a crisis. Family farms have shaped our upstate commu-nities, built our local economies, and put food on our tables, but the great tradition of family farming is in jeop-ardy. Our farmers need help. Unfair trade agreements; rising regulatory costs; high taxes, especially in New York, which has some of the highest prop-erty, sales, and income taxes in the Na-tion; and distortions in the labor mar-ket have pushed our farmers to the brink of bankruptcy. Sadly, many have chosen to close in New York alto-gether, the third largest dairy-pro-ducing State in the Nation. I am grateful that the Trump admin-istration is hearing our desperate call. In a recent visit to Trinity Valley Farm and Brabant Farm in New York’s 22nd District, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue heard our farmers’ pleas for help. He visited our district, the first time a sitting Secretary of Agriculture has visited our district in over 20 years. He provided insight and took our concerns back to Washington. It is time to turn the tide and end this crisis. Preserving the great tradi-tion of farming is vital to preserving our heritage, our families, and our economy. f 
HIGHLIGHTING CRUCIAL ISSUES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 1 minute is really not enough time, but I really wanted to highlight, as quickly as I can, some crucial issues that we have experienced over the work recess. First of all, I condemn the actions of Saudi Arabia as it relates to the bomb-ing of the two or at least one bus of children. I believe the United States should address this question imme-diately, for children are our most pre-cious resource. I am concerned that now 497 children still remain without their families at the border, that 300 of those parents have been deported, and most of the children are under 5. This is inhumane, cruel. And it is, of course, the most tragic act that this Federal Govern-ment could have done. I ask the Trump administration immediately to re-spond. Listening to the hearings of Justice Kavanaugh, let me indicate that there is no comment on the character of the man, but there is a comment on the ap-pointment. And that appointment in-volves an individual, the President of the United States, who is under inves-tigation, and, also, the papers that are needed have not been provided. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me indicate that I note that the State Department and the Defense Department decided to cut the funding for Pakistan. Pakistan is a nation that we should attempt to continue negotiations and diplomacy, and we should recognize that those military dollars are important for the fight against terrorism. These things should be taken up on behalf of the American people. 
f 
TIME TO REAUTHORIZE FVPSA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to join my colleagues on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.078 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7866 September 5, 2018 
floor here to reflect on a piece of legis-lation. It is a righteous piece of legisla-tion that is time to be reauthorized that has served so many. I really rise today to talk about an issue that af-fects 1 in 4 women and approximately 15.5 million children every year—do-mestic violence. Domestic violence has been cast into the background throughout most of our history, remaining a hidden prob-lem, one that wasn’t talked about, and one, certainly, that wasn’t properly ad-dressed. Survivors of domestic violence have often tolerated physical, mental, and emotional abuse in silence, out of fear their spouses or partners would retali-ate. Former battered women, civic orga-nizations, and professionals began to open shelters in the 1970s to provide services to abused women and their children. After seeing the great results from these efforts, Congress led a series of hearings in the early 1980s to under-stand the scope of this violence and ex-plore possible responses. This led Congress to pass legislation that touched on all facets of domestic abuse. As part of the Child Abuse Amendments of 1984, the Family Vio-lence Prevention and Services Act, or FVPSA, was enacted to support life-saving services, including emergency shelters, crisis hotlines, counseling, and programs for underserved commu-nities throughout the United States, including the United States territories. This critical legislation has been au-thorized seven times since its enact-ment, most recently in 2010 for 5 years, through fiscal year 2015. That is why I, along with 102 of my colleagues, intro-duced H.R. 6014, which reauthorizes the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Act an additional 5 years through fiscal year 2023. Congress sets aside funding for three purposes under FVPSA, and I am going to look at these a little more in depth. But first, I want to take the oppor-tunity to say I am pleased that I am joined by a couple of my colleagues this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), my colleague who has been an original cosponsor of this reauthorization legis-lation Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
HOMPSON , and, indeed, it is my pleasure to join him in cosponsoring the reauthorization of the Family Vio-lence Prevention and Services Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I am so very, very pleased that this is a piece of bipar-tisan legislation introduced by G
LENN  T
HOMPSON , ELISE STEFANIK , and L ISA B
LUNT ROCHESTER . Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we have found the need to stick together in a bipartisan manner because violence against women and children, unfortu-nately, is not a partisan issue. It is not an issue that is relegated to one race of people and to one economic class. It is pervasive, and it is a detriment to our entire American community. But fortunately, Mr. Speaker, since 1984, Congress has passed the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act as the primary Federal funding source to support emergency shelters and re-lated assistance for victims of domes-tic violence and their families. We have updated it based on best practices that we have seen, and the monies are avail-able to community-driven solutions and a network of programs and services dedicated to responding to domestic vi-olence across the country. This reauthorization would follow current authorization levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. FVPSA, is, of course, at the heart of the Nation’s re-sponse to domestic violence, ensuring, Mr. Speaker, that these shelters and programs are able to keep their lights on and their doors open to serve more than 1.3 million victims of domestic vi-olence and their children every year. Again, it serves nearly 1,600 commu-nity-based programs through State-for-mula grants. Not only do they serve shelters, the hotline, and crisis intervention, but they also provide legal assistance and police services as well. It is a multistate strategy, and we are very proud of its effectiveness. In fact, the National Institute of Jus-tice funded a multistate study, and it shows conclusively that the Nation’s domestic violence programs address not only the most urgent safety needs of victims to protect themselves and their children, but it also asserts that, if this funding did not exist, the con-sequences for the victims would be dire, including homelessness; serious losses, as in mothers losing custody of their children; and continued abuse. As Mr. THOMPSON has pointed out, the abuse is not simply confined to physical abuse, but the emotional abuse and economic abuse as well, and even, sadly, death of some of these women. Each year, the National Network to End Domestic Violence releases a re-port called ‘‘Domestic Violence Counts: A 24-hour National Census of Domestic Violence Services.’’ Sadly, it reports that in just 1 day last year, 2017, 72,245 victims of domestic violence were hap-pily receiving services. But you know what, Mr. Speaker? Another 11,441 requests for services were left unmet because of the lack of funding and resources. b1815 So we do a pretty good job with this program, but there are always, always, always a dearth of resources. I appreciate Mr. T
HOMPSON providing me with the time, and I have examples, if time will allow, for me to just share some of the stories, just to give some face, Mr. T
HOMPSON , to some of the people who are served by the local shel-ters, programs, coalition, funding for Tribal governments to provide essen-tial services to survivors. In the State of Washington, we have Inez, who was 14 years old and the only survivor of a fire that killed her entire family. She was taken in by relatives, only to be raped by her uncle at age 15, as so-called ‘‘payment for her care.’’ She gave birth to a son, Manuel, who was never allowed to call her ‘‘Moth-er.’’ At 16, she met Tomas, thinking this would be an escape for her and Manuel. He promised her a life of love and security but, in reality, that secu-rity meant a locked closet where she and Manuel were routinely starved and sexually assaulted. When her second son, Miguel, was born, Inez decided that she just had to get a way before she and her two sons were further vic-timized. Inez learned of the domestic violence hotline from women she had worked with in the orchards, and a coworker called and helped Inez and her children go to a local YWCA shelter. She lived there for 2 years to get back on her feet while she gained her U visa and rebuilt her life. Inez now has her green card and a home of her own, and her boys are thriving in school and preschool. You know, there are many, many sto-ries that I can go on with. I just want to say that the #MeToo movement has given all of these survivors a renewed hope and courage to come forward to tell their stories. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON  so much for his time, for his steward-ship over this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to stand with these survivors by cosponsoring H.R. 6014, the FVPSA Reauthorization Act, and to push for the passage of this bi-partisan legislation in this 115th Con-gress. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman M
OORE , for sharing Inez’s story. It is a story that occurs in a frightening way so many times, where victims of abuse—but at the same time, it is an inspiring story be-cause it illustrates how these impor-tant services that we fund through this piece of legislation can help save lives, saved the lives of this woman and her son, to be able to change their lives around, you know, really, being caught in such a long history of abuse and how it makes a difference. So I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and for sharing that, the story of Inez—much appreciated. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, if I just might add, Mr. T
HOMPSON , it is because of us. I mean, as legislators, we get a bum rap sometimes. We don’t know Inez necessarily, but it is because of us and this funding that there is someone on the other end of that telephone who can answer the call. It is because of the work and this authorization that there is a place for Inez to go. This did not always exist before 1984. And while we can’t end every single act of violence, we do deserve the credit for creating the space and the opportunity for these victims to be able to come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.080 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7867 September 5, 2018 
forward and, when they gain the cour-age, to leave these domestically vio-lent situations. The most dangerous moment for any of these women is that point in time when they decide to do something about their situation, and that is the point in which there has just got to be a resource there. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Absolutely. So when they make that courageous decision, they quickly find they are not alone; there is someone there reaching out. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for being a part of this Special Order this evening. Again, I want to thank my colleague and commend her for her leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I want to reiterate the importance of FVPSA. This legislation is at the heart of our Nation’s response to domestic violence services. This pro-gram ensures that local domestic vio-lence shelters and programs are able to keep their lights on and the doors open to serve more than 1.3 million victims and their children every year. FVPSA funds nearly 1,600 commu-nity-based programs through State for-mula grants, including 60 programs lo-cated throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, my home State. These programs provide the necessary re-sources to local communities that help educate individuals on healthy rela-tionships, as well as offer legal assist-ance, crisis intervention, and coun-seling. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), an es-teemed colleague, a good friend of mine. I have the privilege and honor of serving with him on the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative T
HOMPSON for this Spe-cial Order but, even more importantly, for sponsoring this legislation and giv-ing many of us the opportunity to join with him because, indeed, this is not simply a piece of legislation that changes lives and saves lives, as it does, but it also changes history—the history of individuals, the history of families we trust, and the history of communities and this country—by doing the right thing. This Special Order on the importance of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act takes this from just sim-ple legislation and the effort that goes there and puts human faces on it, and so I thank the gentleman for that. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this vital legislation that, for over 30 years, has been protecting and seeking justice for victims of domestic violence, espe-cially women and children, though also for men and parents who are caught in a trap that, sadly, too often takes place within a so-called family situa-tion. FVPSA was the first Federal law to address domestic violence; and since the law was enacted in 1984, it has con-tinued to focus on providing shelter and services for survivors and children exposed to domestic violence. Every year, the National Network to End Domestic Violence conducts its annual census, which provides a snap-shot of domestic violence services pro-vided nationwide during a 24-hour pe-riod. Last year, the survey found that, in Michigan, my home State, on just 1 day, 2,359 Michigan residents were given shelter or provided services through a domestic violence program. These are lives. 2,359 lives were touched with this program. This included over 1,600 victims finding refuge at a shelter or temporary housing arrangement, and over 400 calls to the Michigan Do-mestic Violence Hotline. I have had the opportunity to visit the SIREN/Eaton Shelter, which pro-vides indispensable services to the community surrounding Charlotte, Michigan. The mission of SIREN/Eaton Shelter is to promote the elimination of domestic violence and homelessness by providing temporary housing, sup-port, advocacy, education, counseling, and information to victims and the community. Whenever a victim reaches out for help, it is vitally important that they have access to safe refuge, the support services they need to protect them-selves and their family, and hold their abusers accountable. Congress plays an important role in protecting victims of domestic violence as well as children who are the victims of abuse. This important legislation helps keep the lights on at domestic vi-olence shelters across the country so they can continue their efforts to break the cycle of abuse for genera-tions to come and, ultimately, change history. Mr. Speaker, a thank-you again to Representative THOMPSON for spon-soring this bill and giving us the oppor-tunity to join with him, and also for holding this Special Order tonight to put faces, connect faces and lives to legislation that can make a difference. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) for his leadership on issues related to Edu-cation and the Workforce, serving that committee, as you do, and I am proud to serve there with you, but also for having that heart for individuals who are facing abuse and those victims that we know are out there who are strug-gling as a result of the various types of abuses that occur. I know the gen-tleman has a heart of service, of trying to provide this, so I am certainly proud to work with him on this important re-authorization of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, as a part of this, of the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Act, Congress sets aside funding for three purposes under FVPSA. This includes a national domestic hotline which receives calls for assistance re-lated to domestic abuse, incredibly im-portant, being able to, 24/7, reach out for help when finding themselves in these tragic circumstances. Another area, another purpose is di-rect services like housing, counseling, legal advocacy, and referrals through State grants for victims of domestic abuse and their children and efforts to prevent domestic violence through a program known as Domestic Violence Prevention Enhancement and Leader-ship Through Allies. Now, I would like to take the oppor-tunity to highlight one of these pro-grams, The National Domestic Vio-lence Hotline, more commonly referred to as The Hotline. Beginning in 1996, this 24-hour, 7-day- a-week service provides free and con-fidential support for individuals who call for assistance related to domestic violence issues. The Hotline also pro-vides referrals and connects individuals to the most comprehensive resource base in the country, with over 4,800 service providers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam, all possible through the continuous support of FVPSA funding. The Hotline is the only 24/7 center in the Nation that has access to service providers and shelters across the United States, including our terri-tories. This service also helps with safety planning and support related to questions related to healthy relation-ships. Not only does The Hotline answer calls from victims, but it also provides services and support to helpers, who are individuals who contact The Hot-line on behalf of a person who is now or has previously been the victim of abuse, in addition to abusive partners, service providers, and law enforcement officials. One project The Hotline has intro-duced is the Love Is Respect program. The purpose of this program is to en-gage, educate, and empower young peo-ple to prevent and end abusive rela-tionships. This online resource helps millions of teens and 20-somethings learn about healthy relationships and dating violence. Providing hotline services to youth is also authorized as a part of FVPSA, another critical need covered by this legislation. Mr. Speaker, in 2017, The Hotline and Love Is Respect answered over 300,000 calls for help, 300,000 calls, texts, and chats from survivors of domestic abuse on a range of issues, including physical abuse, emotional and verbal abuse, eco-nomic and financial abuse, digital abuse, and sexual abuse. b1830 The National Domestic Violence Hot-line also partners with the National In-digenous Women’s Resource Center’s expertise to operate the StrongHearts Native Helpline. This important program provides cul-turally appropriate, confidential serv-ices for Native Americans affected by domestic abuse and dating violence. Although The Hotline has made sig-nificant strides over its lifetime offer-ing support to victims, more than 98,000 contacts in 2017 went unanswered due to a lack of resources and capacity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.082 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7868 September 5, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, that is unacceptable. It is imperative that we pass this legisla-tion to continue funding programs like these that have a proven record of suc-cess. Mr. Speaker, I would like to high-light one of the organizations that pro-vides great resources on domestic vio-lence issues, the National Network to End Domestic Violence. Each year, this organization releases a report entitled ‘‘Domestic Violence Counts: A 24-hour National Census of Domestic Violence Services.’’ This re-port revealed that, in just one day, Mr. Speaker, one day in 2017, more than 72,000 victims of domestic violence re-ceived services. In my home State and your home State, Mr. Speaker, of Pennsylvania, in that State alone, 1,278 victims of do-mestic violence found refuge in emer-gency shelters or transitional housing provided by local domestic violence programs; 1,208 victims of domestic vi-olence received support through coun-seling, legal assistance, and children’s support programs; 760 hotline calls re-ceived that day were answered, which equals about 32 calls answered per hour; and 1,841 individuals, Mr. Speak-er, attended prevention and education training sessions on that day across Pennsylvania, gaining critical informa-tion on domestic violence prevention, early intervention, and other related services. Although this report showed the great success of our local community- based programs, more than 11,000 re-quests for services went unmet that day because programs lacked the re-sources and the funding to carry out these services. Mr. Speaker, it is clear these pro-grams are working for the American public. Let us pass this legislation to continue supporting victims of domes-tic violence and providing them with all the necessary resources they need on their way to recovery. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues, Representative M
OORE  and Representative W
ALBERG , for tak-ing time out of their busy schedule to talk about this important issue with us today. And, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the more than 100 Members of Congress who have stepped up and stepped forward to put their name on this legislation as cosponsors of this reauthorization bill. It is a strong bi-partisan bill for a righteous purpose. FVPSA was the first Federal law to address domestic violence. Since its en-actment in 1984, it has continued to have a primary focus on providing shel-ter and services for survivors and has increasingly provided support to chil-dren exposed to domestic violence and teen dating violence. It is my hope this legislation will continue to support those who are fac-ing domestic violence and continue to create healthy and safe pathways to re-covery. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and Sep-tember 6 until 3 p.m. on account of per-sonal reasons. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2553. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; in addition, to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. S. 3021. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Court-house’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 5, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 2147. To require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: Troy Balderson, 12th District of Ohio. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6123. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing 16 officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6124. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral David C. Johnson, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6125. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Zinc oxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ- OPP-2017-0574; FRL-9978-36] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6126. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2017-0560; FRL-9982-77] (RIN: 2070- AB27) received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6127. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2017-0464; FRL-9982-24] (RIN: 2070- AB27) received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6128. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Omaha Lead Superfund Site [EPA-HQ- SFUND-2003-0010; FRL-9982-84-Region 7] re-ceived August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6129. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Lignosulfonic Acid, Cal-cium, comp. with 1,6 hexanediamine polymer with Guanidine Hydrochloride (1:1); Toler-ance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0520; FRL-9979-94] received August 27, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.084 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7869 September 5, 2018 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6130. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Hawaii: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions [EPA-R09-2018-RCRA-0267; FRL-9982-86-Region 9] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6131. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Aspartic acid, N-(1,2- dicarboxyethyl)—, tetrasodium salt; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0474; FRL-9981-27] re-ceived August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6132. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Implementation Plan; Particulate Emissions; Limitations and Standards [EPA- R07-OAR-2018-0188; FRL-9982-06-Region 7] re-ceived August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6133. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Air Plan Revi-sions; Approvals and Promulgations: Cali-fornia; Placer County Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA- R09-OAR-2018-0282; FRL-9981-98-Region 9] re-ceived August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6134. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ne-braska; Revisions to Title 115 of the Ne-braska Administrative Code; Rules of Prac-tice and Procedure [EPA-R07-OAR-2018-0307; FRL-9982-07-Region 7] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6135. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2018 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts; Correction [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XF866) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6136. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XG023) re-ceived August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6137. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Ves-sels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF891) re-ceived August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6138. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF838) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6139. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF842) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6140. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Hook- and-Line Catcher/Processors in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 170816769-8162-02] (RIN: 0648- XF893) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6141. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pol-lock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XF979) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6142. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Various Model 234 and Model CH-47D Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4007; Product Identifier 2015-SW-064-AD; Amend-ment 39-19351; AD 2018-16-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6143. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0259; Product Identi-fier 2018-NE-09-AD; Amendment 39-19358; AD 2018-17-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6144. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re´gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018- 0712; Product Identifier 2018-NM-089-AD; Amendment 39-19361; AD 2018-17-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6145. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No. FAA-2018-0303; Product Identifier 2018- NM-006-AD; Amendment 39-19360; AD 2018-17- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6146. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1022; Product Identifier 2017-NM-098-AD; Amendment 39-19357; AD 2018-17-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6147. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0072; Product Identifier 2017- NM-082-AD; Amendment 39-19363; AD 2018-17- 09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6148. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbojet Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1108; Product Identi-fier 2012-NE-44-AD; Amendment 39-19362; AD 2018-17-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6149. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc. (Bell) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0738; Product Identifier 2017-SW-132-AD; Amend-ment 39-19355; AD 2018-17-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6150. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0277; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 124-AD; Amendment 39-19364; AD 2018-17-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6151. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; B/E Aerospace Fischer GmbH Attend-ant Seats and Pilot Seats [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0937; Product Identifier 2017-NE-32-AD; Amendment 39-19341; AD 2018-16-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05SE7.000 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7870 September 5, 2018 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6152. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting a report on the development and implementation of a train-ing curriculum for members of the Board for Correction of Military Records for the United States Coast Guard, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1552 note; Public Law 114-328, Sec. 534(c)(4); (130 Stat. 2122); jointly to the Com-mittees on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1051. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6691) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of violence’’, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–920). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mrs. B
LACKBURN ): H.R. 6702. A bill to clarify the congres-sional intent behind the requirements relat-ing to immediate suspension orders and cor-rective action plans under the Controlled Substances Act that were added by the En-suring Patient Access and Effective Drug En-forcement Act of 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6703. A bill to allow individuals to choose to opt out of the Medicare part A ben-efit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6704. A bill to permanently rescind un-obligated amounts in the United States En-richment Corporation Fund; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6705. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for perchlorate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington): H.R. 6706. A bill to support the establish-ment of small business development centers internationally and promote international commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for him-self, Mr. G
OMEZ , and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 6707. A bill to establish certain stand-ards for the adjudication of United States passport applications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. J
ONES , Ms. T ENNEY , Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. G RAVES of Lou-isiana): H.R. 6708. A bill to limit the printing of the Congressional Record and the House Cal-endars, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6709. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds by the Department of Health and Human Services to award a grant for the de-velopment of any video game; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6710. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to permit the Dis-trict of Columbia to establish the timing of special elections for local office in the Dis-trict of Columbia; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B EYER , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. L EE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. C LAY, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): H.R. 6711. A bill to provide an allowance to offices of Members of the House of Rep-resentatives which shall be available for the compensation of interns, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. SMUCKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARBAJAL ): H.R. 6712. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to develop a strategy to recruit and retain mental health providers, to direct the Secretaries of the military departments to develop medication monitoring programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H. Res. 1050. A resolution electing a Mem-ber to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aritcle 1, Section 1. All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 6706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 6707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 6708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 6712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. L AMB. H.R. 148: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 398: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 483: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 762: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 909: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 1038: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 1161: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1225: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1300: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. S
ARBANES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05SE7.000 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7871 September 5, 2018 
H.R. 1316: Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 1318: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1322: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1337: Mr. C
OLE, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi- ana, and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1456: Mr. W
ALDEN and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 1542: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1681: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1734: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. U
PTON , and Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 1819: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1847: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 1898: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1904: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 1953: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2049: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 2150: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 2327: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 2358: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L ATTA , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2392: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2425: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. K
ILMER , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2535: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2650: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 2669: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2856: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 3124: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3165: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3325: Ms. P
INGREE , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3349: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 3378: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 3635: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 3682: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3798: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3931: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 4016: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4107: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 4312: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4548: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 4608: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4732: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 4843: Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 4886: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4983: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 5011: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5034: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. R USH, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 5100: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
ENHAM , and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 5107: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5141: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5160: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5226: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5279: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5282: Mrs. H
ANDEL and Mr. H UIZENGA . H.R. 5340: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 5383: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5413: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 5527: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5610: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5671: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 5697: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. S OTO, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5710: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5728: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5794: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 5879: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. K
IHUEN , and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 5899: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5945: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5949: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 5985: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5986: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 6048: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 6079: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 6080: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 6108: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 6113: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 6216: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 6217: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 6219: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 6227: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 6246: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 6252: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 6277: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 6292: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6405: Mr. U
PTON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 6421: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 6503: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. J UDY CHU of California. H.R. 6517: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 6525: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 6527: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 6543: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE . H.R. 6544: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 6562: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6578: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 6590: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 6607: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 6619: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 6626: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 6637: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 6645: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. C RIST, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 6655: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6659: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 6663: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 6671: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. L EE. H.R. 6681: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. H
ILL, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 6683: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 6689: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Con. Res. 72: Mrs. R
OBY. H. Con. Res. 130: Mr. A
GUILAR . H. Con. Res. 131: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 31: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 147: Ms. M
OORE . H. Res. 220: Mr. R
OSKAM . H. Res. 401: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. N EAL, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. G OMEZ . H. Res. 673: Mr. C
ORREA . H. Res. 776: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 864: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. K
ILMER . H. Res. 1022: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. U
PTON . H. Res. 1030: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 1031: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. E
SHOO , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 1043: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. G ALLA -
GHER , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 6691, the ‘‘Community Safety and Security Act of 2018,’’ do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 4457: Mr. M EADOWS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.031 H05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6035 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2018 No. 147 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our rock and fortress, we trust the unfolding of Your loving providence. May our lawmakers find refuge in the shadow of Your citadel. Give our Senators eyes that are willing to see their own mistakes and to be pa-tient with the faults of others. May our legislators walk with reverence and sensitivity through all the seasons of their lives. Lord, give them steadfast hearts as they strive to glorify You in all they think, say, and do. Open their minds to think Your thoughts and their hearts to do Your will. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 5, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
WELCOMING SENATOR KYL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, over the weekend, Senator McCain was laid to rest at Annapolis. Our dear friend left a towering legacy of service and sacrifice. As Senator G
RAHAM re-minded us last week, while none of us can hope to fill his shoes, we should all strive to follow in his footsteps. Today, the great State of Arizona has sent us a successor who is as well-equipped as you could imagine to do just that. Our friend and former colleague, Sen-ator J
ONKYL, is one of the most seri-ous, most expert, and most effective legislators with whom I have had the pleasure of serving. In his 18 years of Senate service, he forcefully defended the interests of Arizonans on issues local, national, and international. He mastered the details of water and nat-ural resource issues. He became a go-to point person on missile defense, nu-clear modernization, strategy, and arms control. He built a reputation as a steady and energetic public servant who put his State and his country first. On a point of personal privilege, I am glad we will have J
ONback with us. He has great judgment and an even keel. He is a team player, a true friend, and an inspiring example of what a Senator can and should be. It is a good thing, too, because Con-gress has a lot to accomplish in the coming weeks—like finalizing appro-priations bills, completing our consid-eration of Judge Kavanaugh, and con-firming more of the President’s quali-fied nominees. It is going to be all hands on deck for the American people. I could not be happier that this new, not-so-junior Senator from Arizona will be here to help us through this pe-riod. f 
SENATOR INHOFE NEXT CHAIR-MAN OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, speaking of continuing John McCain’s legacy, I am also happy that our col-leagues on the Armed Services Com-mittee have officially chosen Senator I
NHOFE to serve as their next chairman. J
IMINHOFE filled in for Senator McCain during a difficult year. He rose to the occasion and helped lead the com-mittee in passing crucial legislation that honored the example of his prede-cessor and the volunteers who defend our Nation. He possesses rich experi-ence on the committee, including dec-ades of work on behalf of American servicemembers, as well as his own military service. Congratulations and thanks to Senator I
NHOFE . 
f 
WORK OF THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, the Senate con-tinues work on a number of important priorities. This morning, I joined a number of our colleagues in the first conference committee meeting for the farm bill, including the occupant of the Chair. Others of our colleagues are con-tinuing to confer with the House on ap-propriations bills so we can stay on track with respect to funding the gov-ernment. On the floor this week, we will con-tinue attending to personnel business. We voted yesterday to advance the nomination of Elad Roisman to serve on the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. After we confirm him, we will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.000 S05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6036 September 5, 2018 
turn to eight more qualified district court nominees. Of course, the Nation turned its at-tention yesterday to the start of Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings to serve as Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court. Those who tuned in heard about a well-respected judge and well- respected professor with flawless judi-cial temperament and integrity, some-one who makes those around him bet-ter. They heard these accounts from a former U.S. Secretary of State, a sit-ting U.S. Senator, and a prominent lib-eral litigator with extensive experience before the Supreme Court. From Judge Kavanaugh himself, they heard about his guiding principles—among them, ‘‘Interpret the Constitution as written, informed by history and tradition and precedent.’’ In sum, the American people saw the impressive, talented, measured jurist they have heard so much about. Unfor-tunately, the country also saw dis-appointing displays of attempted par-tisan obstruction. The rude, disrespect-ful, and boorish behavior we saw yes-terday in the Judiciary Committee was the confirmation hearing equivalent of an ‘‘abolish ICE’’ protest—the con-firmation hearing equivalent of an ‘‘abolish ICE’’ protest right here in the Senate Judiciary Committee room. Well, I guess we shouldn’t be too sur-prised. The antics confirmed two things that our Democratic colleagues have told us before: Their minds are al-ready made up—they have already made up their minds about the Kavanaugh nomination—and they will try anything to stop it. Democrats interrupted Chairman G
RASSLEY literally scores of times. They treated the nominee rudely, even insulting the patriotism of this devoted public servant and highly esteemed judge. They offered one stale process complaint after another—completely ignoring the fact that more docu-mentation has been produced for Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination than for the last five Supreme Court nominations combined. I guess our Democratic friends’ co-ordinated plan was to throw a pot of spaghetti at the wall and see if any-thing stuck. Nothing stuck. Nothing stuck except the complete contrast be-tween a gracious, thoughtful, patient nominee and the hyperventilating by Senate Democrats who are obviously not interested in giving Judge Kavanaugh the fair consideration he deserves. Half a million pages of documents, 12 years of opinions, the testimony of peers and colleagues from across the political spectrum—any Member who is actually willing to give Judge Kavanaugh fair consideration has every tool they already need to do so. I implore my friends across the aisle, let’s put the partisan theatrics behind us—it is rather embarrassing to see that in the Senate—and continue these hearings with the dignity befitting the serious task before us. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, morn-ing business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion for a term expiring June 5, 2023. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Roisman nomination? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 85, nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 202 Ex.] YEAS—85 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—14 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Markey Menendez Merkley Sanders Schumer Warren Whitehouse 
The nomination was confirmed. The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there ob-jection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CERTIFICATE OF APPOINTMENT The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays before the Senate the certificate of appointment to fill the vacancy cre-ated by the passing of John S. McCain III, of Arizona. The certificate, the Chair is advised, is in the form sug-gested by the Senate. If there be no objection, the reading of the certificate will be waived, and it will be printed in full in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the certifi-cate was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATE OF ARIZONA  
CERTIFICATE OF APPOINTMENT  To the President of the Senate of the United States: This is to certify that pursuant to the power vested in me by the Constitution of the United States and the laws of the State of Arizona, I, Douglas A. Ducey, the governor of said State, do hereby appoint Jon Llewellyn Kyl a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States until the vacancy therein caused by the death of John Sidney McCain III, is filled by election as provided by law. Witness: His excellency our governor Doug-las A. Ducey, and our seal hereto affixed at Phoenix, Arizona this 4th day of September in the year of our Lord 2018. By the Governor: D
OUGLAS A. D UCEY , Governor. M
ICHELE REAGAN , Secretary of State. [State Seal Affixed] f 
ADMINISTRATION OF OATH OF OFFICE The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Sen-ator-designate will now present himself at the desk, the Chair will administer the oath of office. The Senator-designate, J
ON L
LEWELLYN KYL, escorted by Mr. F
LAKE , advanced to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to him by the Vice President; and he subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. The VICE PRESIDENT. Congratula-tions, Senator. (Applause, Senators rising.) The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. 
f 
REQUEST FOR AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEE TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I have a request for the Judiciary Com-mittee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. I ask unanimous consent that it be agreed to. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.002 S05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6037 September 5, 2018 
The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, re-serving the right to object, the Repub-lican majority on the Judiciary Com-mittee is pressing forward with a con-firmation hearing on a Supreme Court nominee whose record has been largely shielded from the Senate and the American public. Over 90 percent of Judge Kavanaugh’s record has not been received by the Senate and may never be. What has been delivered to the committee was prescreened by a Re-publican lawyer, with no guidelines as to what we were receiving and what we were not. It is just whatever entered his whim. Of that small subset of prescreened documents—less than 10 percent of Judge Kavanaugh’s full record—Chairman G
RASSLEY is prohib-iting large segments from being shared with the public, without explanation. Republicans are trying to jam through, with as little scrutiny as pos-sible, a lifetime appointment to the Nation’s highest Court, with the power to affect the lives of Americans for a generation. That is why it is so impor-tant for the Senate and the public to review the nominee’s record—because healthcare, a woman’s freedom to make medical decisions, civil rights, voting rights, and marriage equality all hang in the balance. The Repub-lican majority is deliberately obstruct-ing the Senate’s constitutional duty to fairly and thoroughly conduct our ad-vice and consent powers. As a result, we will not consent to business as usual on the Senate floor today. This means the Senate will ad-journ for the day after my two col-leagues finish speaking. I object. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection is heard. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BICENTENNIAL OF THE CITY OF EDMONTON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I would like to take a moment today to congratulate the city of Edmonton, KY, for reaching an historic milestone: its bicentennial anniversary. Through-out its 200 years, this southcentral Kentucky community has developed a rich heritage, and its weekend of cele-brations this September is well de-served. Edmonton was founded in 1818 and named after Edmund Rogers, who owned the land and laid out the town. The community became the seat of Metcalfe County at its formation in 1860. Today it is home to more than 1,500 Kentuckians, and Edmonton dis-plays many of the best rural values and traditions of our Commonwealth. Following the opening ceremonies of the bicentennial celebrations at city hall, there will be a parade throughout Edmonton, featuring floats carrying schoolchildren. There will be a wide range of events, celebrating the city’s history and its promise for the future. From beard contests to antique car shows and from bicentennial skits to historical tours, there is something for everyone to enjoy. The celebration will also feature a local talent showcase and a perform-ance by a hometown band, ‘‘The Ken-tucky Headhunters.’’ After the show, attendees can watch a fireworks show to provide a fitting end of the bicenten-nial celebration. I would like to join Mayor Howard Garrett and everyone in Edmonton in celebrating this occasion, and I would like to ask my Senate colleagues to help me commemorate this bicenten-nial anniversary. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5869. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a maritime border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 6265. An act to ensure that only trav-elers who are members of a trusted traveler program use Transportation Security Ad-ministration security screening lanes des-ignated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes. H.R. 6374. An act to require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determinations, and for other purposes. H.R. 6400. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes. H.R. 6430. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to implement certain requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 6438. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security an Un-manned Aircraft Systems Coordinator, and for other purposes. H.R. 6439. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security the Biomet-ric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, and for other purposes. H.R. 6443. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to establish a continuous diagnostics and mitigation pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes. H.R. 6447. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the position of Chief Data Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. H.R. 6459. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a strategy to diversify the technology stakeholder mar-ketplace regarding the acquisition by the Transportation Security Administration of security screening technologies, and for other purposes. H.R. 6461. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish in the Transpor-tation Security Administration a National Deployment Office, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House agrees to the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 4318) to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty. The message further announced that the House disagrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and that the following Members be the managers of the conference on the part of the House: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. G
RANGER , Messrs. C OLE, C ALVERT , W
OMACK , ADERHOLT , ROGERS of Ken-tucky, Mrs. R
OBY, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mses. D ELAURO , R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and M CCOLLUM . 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5869. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a maritime border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6265. An act to ensure that only trav-elers who are members of a trusted traveler program use Transportation Security Ad-ministration security screening lanes des-ignated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 6374. An act to require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 6400. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 6430. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to implement certain requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6438. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security an Un-manned Aircraft Systems Coordinator, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 6439. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security the Biomet-ric Identification Transnational Migration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.004 S05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6038 September 5, 2018 
Alert Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6443. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to establish a continuous diagnostics and mitigation pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 6447. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the position of Chief Data Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6459. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a strategy to diversify the technology stakeholder mar-ketplace regarding the acquisition by the Transportation Security Administration of security screening technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 6461. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish in the Transpor-tation Security Administration a National Deployment Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 2515. A bill to amend the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian Tribes, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 335). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 3408. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to award grants for teaching English learners to institutions of higher education; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 3409. A bill to allow veterans to use, pos-sess, or transport medical marijuana and to discuss the use of medical marijuana with a physician of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as authorized by State law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 3410. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose a tax on employ-ers whose employees receive certain Federal benefits, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 3411. A bill to ensure medications are af-fordable; to the Committee on Finance. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 510 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 510, a bill to protect a woman’s right and ability to determine whether and when to bear a child or end a preg-nancy by limiting restrictions on the provision of abortion services. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1121, a bill to establish a postsec-ondary student data system. 
S. 1364 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1364, a bill to estab-lish within the Smithsonian Institu-tion the National Museum of the Amer-ican Latino, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2144, a bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet specified eligibility requirements. 
S. 2958 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2958, a bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to make the provision of Wi-Fi access on school buses eligible for E-rate sup-port. 
S. 3030 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3030, a bill to allow tribal grant schools to participate in the Federal Employee Health Benefits program. 
S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance pro-viders until after 2020. 
S. 3196 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3196, a bill to defend economic liveli-hoods and threatened animals in the greater Okavango River Basin, and for other purposes. S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Housing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASS -
LEY) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on for-eign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regard-ing the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3381 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3381, a bill to encourage Fed-eral agencies to expeditiously enter into or amend cooperative agreements with States for removal and remedial actions to address PFAS contamina-tion in drinking, surface, and ground water and land surface and subsurface strata, and for other purposes. 
S. 3382 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3382, a bill to require the Di-rector of the United States Geological Survey to perform a nationwide survey of perfluorinated compounds, and for other purposes. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon, Thursday, Sep-tember 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge, morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; and that following lead-er remarks, the Senate proceed to a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate adjourn under the previous order, following the re-marks of Senators M
ANCHIN and I
NHOFE . The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.006 S05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6039 September 5, 2018 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— S. RES. 581 Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, today I call for a live unanimous con-sent request on my resolution to pro-tect nearly 800,000 West Virginians and millions of Americans from losing their health insurance because of their preexisting conditions. This is an im-mediate danger. It is life and death for over 800,000 West Virginians and mil-lions of Americans. Today oral arguments began in the Texas v. United States lawsuit being waged by 20 U.S. attorneys general, in-cluding West Virginia’s attorney gen-eral, that will, once again, allow insur-ance companies to have total control to be able to deny health insurance to people with preexisting conditions. Now that the Department of Justice has recklessly refused to defend the ex-isting law, people with cancer, heart disease, asthma, diabetes, or pregnant women are at risk of financial and physical duress. Today, we have a chance to help right this wrong. My resolution, S. Res. 581, will allow the Senate legal counsel to intervene and defend West Virginians and Ameri-cans with preexisting conditions from this inhumane lawsuit. Even my Re-publican colleagues have admitted that millions of Americans will lose their health insurance if Republican attor-neys general succeed. Now, that is something when my own colleagues, over nine of my Republican friends in the Senate, have introduced a piece of legislation that also ac-knowledges how destructive this will be. In a press release, my good friend from North Carolina, Senator T
ILLIS , and nine other Republicans who intro-duced the bill wrote that oral argu-ments in Texas v. United States will begin today, on September 5, and if the judge rules in favor of the plaintiffs, protections for patients with pre-existing conditions could be elimi-nated. What it basically says is, insur-ance companies will be allowed to de-termine if you are too sick and too costly for them and they can’t make enough profit or see that there is no end in sight, they will just deny you. Four hundred thousand West Vir-ginians will be denied. They couldn’t even buy insurance if they could afford it. The other 400,000 in West Virginia are going to basically have their rates raised or capped. That means they are one illness away—one illness away— from financial disaster. Senator T
ILLIS said this legislation is a commonsense solution. This is a com-monsense solution. We want to fix it together. We are just asking people, who basically believe the same as we all have agreed on both sides of the aisle, to ask our attorneys general to stop this senseless lawsuit and with-draw it. That would cure the problem overnight, but without it, we need to intervene, and we are asking for this to happen. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules and Administration be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 581; that the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration; and that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH). Is there objection? The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, re-serving the right to object. Right now, there is a court case being heard in Texas on the constitu-tionality of ObamaCare. We are all aware of that. In their decision upholding the con-stitutionality of ObamaCare, the Su-preme Court said that under the com-merce clause alone, ObamaCare would be unconstitutional. It was only be-cause of the individual mandate, which they saw as a tax, that ObamaCare was upheld. Last year, we eliminated the indi-vidual mandate in our tax cut, so the constitutionality needs to be revisited, which is what these States are doing. It would be inappropriate for the Sen-ate to intervene in this case. Further, this resolution instructs all provisions of ObamaCare to be de-fended, including the medical device tax, the Cadillac tax, the health insur-ance tax, and other provisions that have proven extremely unpopular on both sides of the aisle. For that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ob-jection is heard. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, if I could please respond? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia has the floor. Mr. INHOFE. I have already objected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ob-jection is heard. The Senator from West Virginia has the floor. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, let me just say that I hear my good friend from Oklahoma. I understand where he is coming from. I would only say that if that were the intent—and they keep saying Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, TrumpCare, no matter what you want to call it, politicizing it—we can fix it. We have a fix. We have had a bipartisan fix lying on the majority leader’s desk for over a year now—12 Democrats and 12 Republicans, working together to fix the things we talked about. One thing we all agreed on is people with preexisting conditions should not be left in an inhumane situation where they have nothing to count on—no in-surance whatsoever. We have been down that road before. This is a correc-tion. We have had this. Basically, it is against the law for an insurance company to say: Listen, you are too sick. You have had high blood pressure. You were born with a heart defect. You had cancer when you were 40 years of age, and now you are 70; it might return. We don’t want to go down that road again. That is all we have asked for, and even our Repub-lican colleagues agreed with us too. If that were the intent, to rule this unconstitutional, then that would have been in the tax cut bill. The tax cut bill was the mandate. It had nothing to do with the preexisting condition. That is still the law. That is still the law of the land. All we are asking is for them to withdraw their lawsuit. They with-draw the lawsuit, and it is still against the law for any insurance company—if they pass this lawsuit, then they are going to be at the hands and the mercy of the insurance companies to pick and choose life and death for so many thou-sands of people—millions of people, 800,000 West Virginians. That is all. I understand this is a hot topic, but I can tell you one thing, healthcare in West Virginia is something that is needed. It is something we now have a chance to fix that we haven’t. We have opioid addiction, and we are able to treat that. Mental illness, we are able to treat that. Senior citizens, we are able to help them close the doughnut hole. These are a lot of good things we have all agreed on. The things we want to fix is what they are harping on, and, basically, that can be taken care of and keep the Affordable Care Act where it should be, in the hands of the people who need it. Right now, we are in jeopardy so I am asking for the consideration. I un-derstand the objection, and I under-stand the process here, but basically what we are asking for is for human de-cency, and it is basically the concern of millions of people in America. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, while I have the floor, I want to make one comment about the statement that was made by my good friend from West Virginia. The States are looking at it now. In some of these areas, pre-existing conditions, the Senator is cor-rect; there is a broad support for this. For that reason, various States are now looking at it. I want to share something, since I have the floor. We have had an exciting day with the addition of a new Mem-ber, J
ONKYL. I want to mention one thing about Senator K
YL. Many years ago, Senator K
YLand I were actually elected to the House of Representatives on the same day, and we were elected to the Senate on the same day. I remember so well, many years ago, when I was first elected to the House, it happened that my father—I lived in Iowa at that time, and J
ON’s father was a Member of Congress. So the first thing he said to me was, when you get elected, go over and meet a guy named J
ONKYL. Never did I dream we would go through all of this, and we would be meeting again for the third time in an-other election. He will be a great addition. Everyone knows that no one can fill the shoes of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.005 S05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6040 September 5, 2018 
our good Senator, John McCain, but certainly there is no one who comes closer than J
ONKYL, having served with Senator McCain for 20 years. I had an experience that I want to share this afternoon, something that happened in church on Sunday. On Sunday, I was at a church. It is a little rural church in Oklahoma called Church On The Lake. A guy named Mark Deckard is the pastor there. This is not my church. In fact, my wife and I, our church is the First Presbyterian Church in Tulsa. That is the church she and I were married in a number of years ago, where all of our kids were married, and where all of our kids were baptized. My wife was baptized there over 80 years ago. So no one is closer to that church than we are, but occasion-ally I will go to another church. Nobody actually knew I was going to be at this church last Sunday. I want to share an experience I had. A lady whom I didn’t know came up to me. Her name is Lois Keene. She asked: Would you give this letter to President Trump? I don’t think there is a Mem-ber of the Senate or the House who doesn’t get this request quite often. It sounds quite easy to do, but it is not easy to do. After I read the letter, I de-cided this is something I really want to do. She asked: Would you give this letter to President Trump? I said: Is it OK if I read it? And I read it. It was a letter sup-porting him, recognizing—and this is someone from Afton, OK. It is so obvi-ous to her what the press has done un-mercifully to this President. I have never seen anything like it. She has never seen anything like it, and so she had something she wanted to give to me defending the President. I read it, and I said: You know, I have to say that these are not the words I would use. If I were defending the President, I would say—because to get people’s attention, when you have an unfriendly media, you have to simplify it so everyone understands it. So I said I would normally just talk about three issues. No. 1, the economy. Our economy right now at this time, we have not seen anything like it in 40 years. There are two indicators that you look at, one is economic growth. The economic growth during the last quarter actually exceeded 4 percent. It has been aver-aging over 3 percent. During the Obama years, for 8 years, it averaged 1.5 percent—1.5 percent growth—as op-posed to at least doubling that or maybe three times that. Now, why is this important? It is im-portant because for every 1 percent in-crease in economic activity, what that does is bring in new revenue equaling about $2.9 trillion over 10 years. What does that tell you? It tells you that when we are now going through and re-building the military and all of these things, the infrastructure, these are things we need to do, and they are going to cost money. That indicator is there. Then, also, there is the indicator in terms of employment. Our unem-ployment right now has actually dipped below 4 percent. Economists al-ways say 4 percent is full of employ-ment, and so we have that. The economy just couldn’t be better than it is. It is undeniable, and yet no-body talks about it. The media doesn’t talk about it. The second thing I would say is that everyone knows now what happened during the 8 years. I don’t criticize former President Obama. He is what I call a real honest liberal. He is not a closet liberal. He comes out and says it. He believes we need to have more of a socialist society. We have lived through that. Someone with that belief is not going to be real strong in terms of building the military. We have gone through this military thing for about 8 years, and now we are defending—we passed the Defense bill, which we named after John McCain. That De-fense bill is putting us back on the road for a strong national defense. People think erroneously that Amer-ica has the best of everything, and they don’t. Right now, we have gotten to the point where our—a lot of our systems— our triad system, for example, which is the modernization system, both China and Russia have one now that is better than ours. Our artillery systems—you measure our artillery by the range and by rapid fire, and we are outgunned by both Russia and China in those areas. We know what has happened. Right now, we are at the point where we have actually confirmed 26 appel-late judges just in the short term that this President has been in. So I would be talking about that, but that is not what she said. It is true, and her observation is true, that it doesn’t go unnoticed by people when you have the media that is really not treating the President right. By the way, I was a victim of this too. In fact, during the McCain discus-sion, after McCain’s life was lost, sev-eral times on the floor I talked about the fact that way back in 1994, when I ran for U.S. Senate, there were only three Senators who came out to Okla-homa to help, and one of them was John McCain. He came out twice. We flew all over in my little airplane in about 100 degrees, and he campaigned for me. So he has been a good friend. Yet, by responding to one of the major medias in a way that I made some com-ment about the fact that we have two individuals, Senator McCain and Presi-dent Trump, who just don’t have a good relationship—everybody knows that—they tried to turn that into something that was negative that they wanted people to believe that I said. In fact, I was in St. Louis between flights, at about 10 o’clock at night, and short-ly after that, someone jumped all over me and was convinced that I had said something negative, and it just flat was not true. So, anyway, I would like to read the letter before I tell you that I am going to try to pass this on to the President. So I read it. As I read the letter, there was a group, as can happen after a sermon takes place and people are all sitting around talking, and every head nodded with approval of this letter that this lady gave me. Here it is right here. That is her handwriting there. The letter says: 
Dear President Trump, I am writing this letter to encourage you. All across America God’s people are praying for you. With all my heart I know God put you in office for such a time as this. He has given America a window of time. At this time there is a spiritual war going on for the soul of America. Good versus evil. That is why there is so much opposition against you and the Christian people. You have so many, many people praying for you. Stand strong. I know you are a war-rior or God would not have placed you in of-fice. You will continue to come against oppo-sition because the enemy (Satan) will con-tinue to fight you as he will God’s people. The stakes are high! As God’s warrior, continue to fight. We are fighting the battle with you on our knees. Many battles are won on our knees. Thank you for being our leader and our President! Our love is with you. Yours in Christ, Lois Keene Afton, OK 
So I would just say to the President: You are being butchered by the media. Everybody knows that. But keep in mind that America is full of Lois Keenes and they love you. With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 12 noon to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:18 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, September 6, 2018, at 12 noon. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 5, 2018: 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
ELAD L. ROISMAN, OF MAINE, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2023. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.006 S05SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1201 September 5, 2018 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA DAVIS SCHOOL OF MEDICINE 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the 50th anniversary of the UC Davis School of Medicine. Since 1968, the UC Davis School of Medi-cine has played an important role in health care in Northern California. UC Davis is con-sistently among the top ranked medical schools for primary care training and research. From its inaugural class, UC Davis School of Medicine has shown a commitment to the community outside of the classroom. Through its student run community health clinics, the school has demonstrated a dedication to serv-ice by providing free and convenient care to underserved populations in the greater Sac-ramento area. In both coursework and curriculum, UC Davis School of Medicine helps create a di-verse physician workforce that is responsive to societal needs. The Community Health Schol-ars program trains students in understanding and serving the unique primary care health needs of California’s rural, agricultural, and urban communities. The School of Medicine provides the oppor-tunity to participate in cutting edge research and the skills to translate those breakthroughs into benefit for patients. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating the UC Davis School of Medicine on 50 years of educating the next generation of doctors. 
f 
HONORING ISAIAH FREESTONE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Isaiah Freestone. Isaiah is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 135, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Isaiah has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Isaiah has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Isa-iah has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Isaiah planted trees at Lyons Park in Kearney, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Isaiah Freestone for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HOMENETMEN LOS ANGELES CHAPTER 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Homenetmen Los Angeles Chapter upon its fiftieth anniversary. Established in 1918, the Armenian General Athletic Union and Scouts, commonly referred to as Homenetmen, has served hundreds of thousands of youth worldwide. The first chap-ter in the western United States, the Homenetmen Los Angeles Chapter, was founded in 1968, and its prosperity led to the formation of other chapters across the region. Homenetmen Western USA presently com-prises 19 chapters, with several within Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, which is home to a large Armenian community. This extraordinary organization has preserved the Armenian spirit by exposing Armenian-Amer-ican youth to the rich Armenian culture and heritage, and has provided them with physical, moral and social education. The Homenetmen Los Angeles Chapter plays a vital role in instilling the importance of teamwork, discipline and patriotism within its members, and helps shape the character and hone leadership skills of Armenian-American youth. It conducts scouting and athletic activi-ties which foster dedicated and outstanding in-dividuals and encourages members to work towards achieving individual as well as collec-tive excellence. Through its scouting program, scouts actively engage in physical, team-build-ing and educational activities, coupled with community service, outdoor scouting expedi-tions and field trips. The time, effort, and care that the Homenetmen Los Angeles Chapter has given to the community are invaluable, and the Ar-menian-American residents of Southern Cali-fornia have benefited greatly from their dedi-cated work. The organization has championed shaping our children into responsible citizens and thriving members of society, who become shining examples of Homenetmen’s motto — ‘‘Elevate Yourself and Others With You.’’ I ask all Members to join with me in com-mending the Homenetmen Los Angeles Chap-ter for fifty years of dedicated service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROSE KERSTETTER 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate and honor the career, service, and 100th birthday of Oneida resident, Ms. Rose Kerstetter. A 23-year-old working in North Dakota, she enlisted in the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps (WAAC) in 1943—the middle of World War II. Told that there was no rifle training for women, Ms. Kerstetter paid for personal rifle lessons and earned a Marksman’s Badge. Nine months after her enlistment into the WAAC, when the WAAC became the Women’s Army Corps (WAC), she became officially enlisted in the U.S. Army. Ms. Kerstetter originally served as a stenog-rapher and was headquartered in Camp Hood, Texas. Demonstrating great initiative and lead-ership, she was eventually promoted to Staff Sergeant. It was at this rank that Ms. Kerstetter was honorably discharged, only after her brother, a Marine, was wounded. We owe Ms. Kerstetter, and her brother, a great debt for their service to our country. Ms. Kerstetter’s commitment to her commu-nity did not end after her honorable discharge. For more than 20 years, she has volunteered in her community through art. A greatly skilled potter, she strengthens her community and demonstrates pride in her Oneida heritage by teaching pottery to anyone who wants to learn. It is this type of dedication that has earned her national artistic and cultural rec-ognition, including a 2002 Community Spirit Award Honoree and a 2004 Cultural Capital Fellow. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in recognizing Ms. Kerstetter’s commitment to protecting and serving our country, and her dedication to her Wisconsin community. These accomplishments are wor-thy of the highest commendation. f 
CELEBRATING THE GILMER COUN-TY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the Gilmer County Chamber of Commerce in celebrating its 40th anniver-sary. In 1978, the Gilmer County Chamber of Commerce was founded to improve Northeast Georgia’s business climate. This group strives to bring local businesses together, offering networking opportunities to members of Gilmer industry. In addition to connecting local businesses, the Gilmer County Chamber also seeks out solutions to workplace problems like drug use. It implemented a program called ‘‘Drugs Don’t Work’’ to offer resources that businesses can use to support the needs of their employees. Northeast Georgia’s economy depends on organizations like the Gilmer County Chamber of Commerce to provide entrepreneurs and employers opportunities to learn from each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05SE8.001 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1202 September 5, 2018 
other and facilitate the growth of local busi-nesses. I congratulate the Gilmer County Chamber of Commerce on 40 rewarding years of serv-ice and success, and I look forward to seeing this organization continue to empower the people who drive Northeast Georgia’s econ-omy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD L. ‘‘DICK’’ MOEHL 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to acknowledge the extraordinary life and service of Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Moehl. Through his lifetime of exceptional leader-ship and steadfast devotion, Dick became an indispensable part of Michigan’s First District. His legacy to the people of Michigan will not soon be forgotten. Dick was born on November 9, 1931, to parents Ora Waller and June (Andrews) Moehl. He graduated from University High School in 1950 and enlisted in the United States Air Force in 1951. Before shipping off overseas, Dick married his high school sweet-heart Margaret in 1953. Following his service, Dick graduated from the University of Michi-gan School of Business Administration and went on to work at the Beacon Investment Company for more than 32 years. In 1983, Dick helped found the Great Lakes Lighthouse Keepers Association (GLLKA), one of the first such organizations in the country. Two years later, he was elected as its president. In what has become known as the ‘‘Miracle of the Straits,’’ the GLLKA under Dick’s leadership launched an initiative to restore the St. Helena Island Light Station—a then-dilapidated light-house built in 1873 on the west side of the Straits of Mackinac. Dick was critical in raising funding and sup-port for the GLLKA’s work on St. Helena. This included soliciting grants and organizing volun-teers, including many from Michigan Boy Scout and Girl Scout Troops, with dozens of Eagle Scouts and Gold Award Recipients leading Service Projects on the island. BSA Troop 4 of Ann Arbor has received numerous awards for its dedication to the project, includ-ing the ‘‘Keep Michigan Beautiful Award’’ in 1990. In 1991 the Troop was awarded the ‘‘Take Pride in America’’ award, Midwest Living’s ‘‘Hometown Pride Award’’, and Presi-dent H. W. Bush’s 630th ‘‘Daily Point of Life’’ Award. The invaluable work done by these volunteers would have been unobtainable if not for the leadership and dedication given to this project by Dick Moehl. Dick retired as President of the GLLKA in 2012, after successfully saving the St. Helena from ruin and ensuring that the structure will be given the care it needs for years to come. Outside of his work in the Straits, Dick played a key role in the creation of the National His-toric Lighthouse Preservation Act of 2000 by testifying before Congress and the Michigan Legislature. He also spearheaded the effort to retire the USCGC Icebreaker Mackinaw WAGB–83—the ‘‘Queen of the Great Lakes’’—in Mackinaw City, helping to create the Icebreaker Mackinaw Maritime Museum. Dick was honored as the George Romney Vol-unteer of the Year in 2000 by Governor John Engler, and in 2005 became an Honorary Alumnus of Central Michigan University. Other honors include the Lifetime Achievement Award from Emmet County as well as the Ross Holland and Lifetime Achievement awards from the American Lighthouse Council. While Dick passed away in December of 2015, his leadership and devotion remain a shining light for those who have followed after. Thanks to his work, future generations of Michiganders will be able to enjoy the water-ways and rich history of our beautiful state. A commemoration ceremony will be held for Dick on August 25th by the ‘‘Friends of Dick Moehl Society’’ aboard the Mackinaw, where a special recognition marker for him will be un-veiled. Mr. Speaker, the impact of Dick Moehl’s ex-traordinary life cannot be overstated. His friends and family can take pride in knowing that the state of Michigan is a better place thanks to his life’s work. On behalf of Michi-gan’s First Congressional District, I ask you to join me in recognizing an outstanding commu-nity leader whose contributions will continue to bless Michiganders for many years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. VLADIMIR UKRAINIAN GREEK CATHOLIC CHURCH CENTENNIAL ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Vladimir Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church in Palmerton, Pennsylvania. One-hundred years ago, the parish members rolled up their sleeves and built a place of worship where generations of their family members and neighbors would attend. Their hard work and dedication has fostered a strong Byzantine faith community in North-eastern Pennsylvania. In 1905, many families began moving to Northeastern Pennsylvania from their home-lands in what is now Ukraine. Wishing to prac-tice their faith in a Byzantine church and con-tinue to feel connected to their homelands, these families began attending churches of the Byzantine Rite in Northampton, Lansford, and Nesquehoning. Their faith was so strong they would wake before daybreak on Sundays to walk over ten miles to worship at one of these churches. After years of traveling, they decided to build their own church. The devoted and faith-ful pioneers spent their own money and pro-vided their own labor to build a Byzantine church close to home. The church, which sits on the corner of Delaware Avenue and First Street in Palmerton, has constantly been ren-ovated and improved upon over the years to maintain the sense of pride in their place of worship. St. Vladimir’s continues to celebrate an active and engaged parish community of congregants and a long history of dedicated, spiritual pastors. It is an honor to recognize St. Vladimir Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church as they cele-brate their 100th anniversary. I take great joy in joining the commemoration of such an im-portant milestone. I wish everyone in the par-ish and community all the best as they con-tinue to worship at St. Vladimir for many more prosperous years. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. HANS MUMM 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dr. Hans Mumm for his govern-ment service and significant contributions to the U.S. Military’s Information Operations. Dr. Mumm is currently a futures researcher for the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency. In this position, he uses his UAV and robotics expertise to design policy for advanced tech-nologies and studies the consequences of its future uses. This September, Dr. Mumm will be celebrating his 40th birthday. Dr. Mumm began his military career as an enlisted service member. He gained notoriety for his leadership role in ‘‘Operation Iraqi Free-dom’’ as the officer in charge of the ‘‘Iraqi Re-gime Playing Cards; CENTCOM’s Top 55 Most Wanted List.’’ The Defense Intelligence Agency praised this Information Operations mission as one of the most successful cam-paigns in the agency’s history. Dr. Mumm was recognized as one of the ‘‘Ten Outstanding Young Americans’’ and awarded the National Defense PAC ‘‘American Patriot Ingenuity Award’’ for his service during ‘‘Operation Iraqi Freedom’’. After serving in the enlisted ranks and sub-sequently as a U.S. Army Captain, Dr. Mumm was medically discharged in 2010, becoming a Wounded Warrior. Following the completion of his active service duties, Dr. Mumm has con-tinued to achieve remarkable feats. In June of 2014, Dr. Mumm was awarded the Excep-tional Performance Award from the CIA for his work as a branch chief. In this capacity, he oversaw the development of the Continuous Monitoring Branch (CMB) and transformed this technology into an integral part of the CIA’s cyber security framework. Over the course of his career, Dr. Mumm has earned twenty-three personal military rib-bons and combat medals. He is also the au-thor of two international bestselling books de-tailing the leadership challenges and opportu-nities in the fields of technical investigation and military intelligence. In addition to his cur-rent job at the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, Dr. Mumm serves as an adjunct pro-fessor for the California University of Pennsyl-vania (CALU) and the American Military Uni-versity (AMU). Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing Dr. Hans Mumm for his acts of patriot-ism that have greatly benefitted our country as he celebrates his 40th birthday. 
f 
DAVID LEWIS 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.001 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1203 September 5, 2018 
Lewis on the occasion of his 20th year as the executive director of Save the Bay. A nation-ally renowned conservation leader, David’s work has had a remarkable impact on the preservation and expansion of the Bay Area’s natural environment. Born in Palo Alto, California, David earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Princeton University. During his time in college, David became passionate about nuclear arms con-trol, and after graduating in 1983, he went to work for Friends of the Earth in Washington, D.C. as an arms control specialist. By 1985, David became the Director of Policy and Leg-islation for Physicians for Social Responsibility and by 1991, he went to work for Senator Carl Levin as a senior legislative assistant. Finally, in 1996 he became the chief operations officer for the League of Conservation Voters where he would conclude his 14-year career in Washington, D.C. By 1998, Mr. Lewis accepted an offer to be-come the Executive Director of Save the Bay and moved back to the Bay Area. David’s leadership was promptly tested that year by a proposal put forward by the San Francisco International Airport to expand runways through bay fill. The proposal had wide sup-port and appeared to be a lost cause to the conservation community at the time. David, however, was able to provide cheaper and more effective alternatives that prevented fur-ther encroachment into the bay, a negotiating model for which Save the Bay has now be-come known. Through continued lobbying, ne-gotiation, and community organizing, David was eventually able to get the airport to go with his proposal. Save the Bay’s actions and advocacy have continued to grow under Mr. Lewis’ leadership. The organization has remained vigilant in fighting the encroachment of development into the bay, and has expanded community out-reach and education to create broader public stewardship. David’s leadership has also led to greater cooperation on conservation policies between conservation groups, businesses, and community organizations. Most recently, David led a successful campaign for a nine- county parcel tax that will provide needed rev-enue for wetland restoration to mitigate the dangerous impacts of climate change. Mr. Speaker, as Bay Area shores become increasingly urbanized and sea levels continue to rise, the work done by organizations like Save the Bay will be critical for the long-term viability of the communities who call this re-gion home. Therefore, please join me in thanking David Lewis for his ongoing leader-ship and service to the public. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GENEROSITY OF JACKSON EMC 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jackson Electric Mem-bership Corporation for the generosity that they show to Northeast Georgians. Jackson EMC provides electricity to ten of Northeast Georgia’s counties. Throughout our corner of Georgia, the company strives to sup-ply more than electricity, committing itself to supporting nonprofits that serve local commu-nities. Through the company’s philanthropic pro-gram, Operation Round Up, Jackson EMC raises money by encouraging individuals to round their monthly power bill payment up to the nearest dollar. The company then donates the additional money to Northeast Georgia charities as they work to address needs in the community, like homelessness. Jackson EMC has contributed $721,482 to local nonprofits since January of 2018, and, last year, the company surpassed $1 million in donations. The long list of organizations Jack-son EMC has supported includes North Geor-gia Interfaith Ministries, Gainesville-Hall Coun-ty Alliance for Literacy, and the Judy House Ministry. Jackson EMC illustrates how powerful gen-erosity can become when it’s multiplied by ev-eryday people. I thank this company and the Northeast Georgians who take part in Oper-ation Round Up for their dedication to commu-nity service, and I look forward to seeing their continued impact. f 
HONORING THE COUNTY COLLEGE OF MORRIS’ 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the County College of Morris located in the Township of Randolph, New Jersey on the occasion of its 50th Anniver-sary. The County College of Morris (CCM) opened its doors to students in 1968 after Henderson Hall, the first building on campus, was completed. The first class consisted of 592 full-time and 703 part-time students. En-rollment grew quickly, and by the fall of 1969 five additional buildings were under way: the library, later named the Sherman H. Masten Learning Resource Center, after CCM’s first president; Sheffield Hall, named after one of its first trustees; the Physical Education Build-ing; the Student Community Center and a service building; all completed by 1970. In the fall of 1973, two additional academic buildings, Cohen and DeMare halls, along with a planetarium, were completed. Through the 1970s, enrollment continued to grow as CCM established itself as one of the premier com-munity colleges in New Jersey. In 1982, the college reached its highest enrollment of 12,012 credit students, with thousands of addi-tional individuals enrolled in certificate pro-grams. After two decades of leadership, President Masten retired in 1986 and Dr. Edward J. Yaw became the second president of CCM. Under Yaw’s leadership, the college continued to grow on its 222 acre campus. In 1989, Emeriti Hall was added and in May 1993 the college completed a 20,000 square-foot expansion of the library. The expansion contained television and audio production studios, additional library seating areas and a 45-seat conference room. Expansion of the campus continued in 1994 with the construction of two additions that joined the three academic buildings. The 20,417 square-foot expansion added class-rooms, laboratories, faculty offices, student lounges and an expanded cafeteria. In 1997, the college added a six-lane aquatic facility to the Health and Physical Education Building that is used by the college and local high schools. In 2004, the college broke ground for the renovation and expansion of the Student Com-munity Center. By the 2005 Fall Semester, the building was open for students to enjoy. Following completion of that project, the col-lege renovated Henderson Hall, CCM’s oldest building. The renovation, completed in the spring of 2008, houses most of the administra-tive functions of the college, plus four general purpose classrooms and two corporate busi-ness training rooms. That same year, the col-lege celebrated its 40th anniversary. In those 40 years, CCM had graduated more than 40,000 students who were employed in all sectors of the county, most notably half of the Morris County Sheriff’s police force and half of the county’s nurses. In 2012, the college purchased a one-story commercial building on Route 10 in Randolph as its first major expansion in nearly four dec-ades. The 15,500 square-foot building located at 675 Route 10 East allowed the college to increase classroom space to meet growing academic needs and provided for a new ac-cess road to and from Route 10. In 2014, the college completed an extensive renovation to the Masten Learning Resource Center (LRC), which included consolidating the library on the second floor, a major expan-sion of the college’s gallery and the addition of a cafe. Also in 2014, Rutgers entered into a partnership with the college to offer bachelor degree programs on campus. In 2015, the Media Center, located within the LRC, was renovated and renamed in honor of late Assemblyman Alex DeCroce. In early 2016, the college opened its Music Technology Center, a state-of-the-art facility that houses the digital media technology, drama, media technology, music and music recording academic programs. The facility in-cludes an experimental theater laboratory, the-ater in-the-round, that serves as a large hands-on classroom with a recording studio. After serving as president for 30 years, Dr. Yaw retired in 2016 and Dr. Anthony J. Iacono became the college’s third president. In 2018, as part of the college’s 50th Anni-versary celebrations, CCM launched a historic $2.1 million ‘‘FORWARD’’ capital campaign fo-cused on funding programs and facility up-grades, including the Paragano Family Foun-dation Medical Simulation Center, a Cyber Se-curity Suite, an enhanced Culinary Arts Train-ing facility, a new Manufacturing and Engi-neering building, student scholarships and the Faculty Innovation Fund. Also in 2018, the col-lege developed two new academic programs in animation and virtual reality to meet the de-mand for employees in these rapidly growing areas. Today, the college offers more than 45 as-sociate degree programs, along with a full slate of certificate and workforce development programs. The college holds more than 200 transfer agreements and its graduates annu-ally transfer to the state’s and nation’s best four-year institutions. CCM also provides multiple opportunities to be engaged in an active student life program. In particular, there are more than 50 student clubs and organizations, an award-winning student newspaper and literary magazine, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.005 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1204 September 5, 2018 
nine intercollegiate athletic sports programs for men and women. Included among its distinctions, CCM is the only community college in New Jersey to be named a National Center of Academic Excel-lence in Cyber Defense Education by the Na-tional Security Agency and Department of Homeland Security. Along with a strong STEM foundation, the college is known for the quality of its liberal arts, performing arts, health science, and culinary and hospitality pro-grams. CCM is fully accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education. Its other ac-creditations include Accreditation Council for Business Schools & Programs, Engineering Technology Accreditation Commission of ABET, New Jersey Board of Nursing and Ac-creditation Commission for Education in Nurs-ing, Commission on Accreditation for Res-piratory Care and the Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology. Looking ahead, the college plans to con-struct an Engineering and Manufacturing facil-ity, establish a virtual hospital for its health science departments and expand program of-ferings in those areas. In addition, it plans to build upon its technology and cyber security offerings to provide more students with the op-portunity to take advantage of these high job growth areas. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating the County College of Morris, its administration, faculty, and Board of Trustees, on the occasion of its 50th Anniversary. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS FIRST SERGEANT EDWARD WILSON 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize First Sergeant Edward Wilson (Retired) for receiving the honor of Retired Soldier of the Year. He not only served his country through his distinguished military career, but continues to serve his community and fellow veterans. In 1969, Edward Owen Wilson began his military career in the Navy when he was draft-ed to serve in Vietnam. After serving four years, he was honorably discharged. He again took up the cause to defend our country when he enlisted in the Army a few years later. Dur-ing his time in the military he recieved a num-ber of military awards, including the Meri-torious Service Medal, Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Viet-nam Service Medal and many others. His mili-tary career helped instill the values that led to his compassion and commitment to the well- being of his fellow veterans. This fall, 1SG Edward Owen Wilson (Re-tired) will recieve the honor of Retired Soldier of the Year from the Retiree Council of Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri. This honor is be-stowed to veterans who play an important role in aiding their fellow veterans in their lives after their military service. After retiring in 1998, Mr. Wilson made it a priority to continue his service to his country with a focus on help-ing fellow veterans receive the assistance they need, disability or other veterans assistance programs. He also is an active volunteer for Forsyth High School JROTC Color Guard in Missouri and is involved as an Event Project Manager for the Veterans and Military Coali-tion of the Ozarks. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th District of Missouri, I would like to congratulate 1SG Ed-ward Owen Wilson (Retired) on this distin-guished honor. I hold the deepest respect for members of our military and our veterans. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF MR. DONALD MORGAN 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career of Donald Morgan, an essen-tial member of the Central New York commu-nity and the International Brotherhood of Elec-trical Workers (IBEW), Local Union No. 43. Mr. Morgan has been a member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers for 44 years, and 25 years as an officer. As an officer, Mr. Morgan has held various posi-tions including Business Manager since 2010. Additionally, he served as President from 1997 to 2010, Vice President, Executive Board Member, Trustee of Pension, Annuity and Health Plans and Trustee of Central New York Joint Apprenticeship and Training Fund, mak-ing him an essential part of the local union and the electrical workers community. In addition to his commitment to IBEW, Mr. Morgan has been an involved and active member of his community, serving as a board member of the American Heart Association, United Way and the Onondaga County Col-lege Foundation. He is also a board member of the City of Syracuse Electrical Licenses and the Oswego County Workforce. Additionally, Mr. Morgan is a member of the New York State Association of Electrical Workers and a representative for the Central and Northern New York Building and Construction Trades Council. Lastly, Mr. Morgan is the executive board member of the American Labor Federa-tion Council. I commend and am proud to honor Donald Morgan for his dedication to the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and for his dedication and active involvement throughout the New York’s 24th Congressional District, and wish him the very best in his well-de-served retirement. 
f 
TSA NATIONAL DEPLOYMENT FORCE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6461, the ‘‘TSA Na-tional Deployment Force Act’’. At a time when the aviation transportation sector is undergoing substantial changes, it is crucial that we take steps to ensure the Trans-portation Security Administration is able to protect the skies. Any holes or deficiencies in the security of our aviation sector pose a great risk to the traveling public. As a tireless advocate for public safety, I am pleased to see that this bill would establish a National Deployment Office within TSA that has the ability to help fill security gaps. Because of the nature of air travel, the se-curity risks posed to the aviation sector are constantly changing. These shifting risks can depend on a number of various factors, and it is important that TSA have the capacity to adapt in a flexible way to changing cir-cumstances. The National Deployment Office will allow TSA to deploy additional security officers when: Airports request them due to emergencies, staff difficulties, or other unforeseen issues. Special events that may potentially affect National Security are occurring. A natural disaster or weather event occurs, and additional security staff are needed. It is absolutely critical that TSA has ade-quate resources to ensure that the traveling public is both protected, and confident in the safety of air travel. To that end, this measure emphasizes the importance of a flexible approach that will give TSA greater capabilities for rapid response to a security risk. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ROBERT H. ‘‘BOB’’ HURT 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations to Robert H. ‘‘Bob’’ Hurt, who is the driving force behind Hurt, Norton & As-sociates in Washington, D.C. Bob will be re-ceiving The Order of Saint Maurice from the National Infantry Museum Association on Wednesday, September 5, 2018 at 9:30 a.m. at Hurt, Norton & Associates’ D.C. head-quarters. A native of Memphis, Tennessee, Bob re-ceived a Bachelor’s of History degree from Mercer University and a Master’s degree in Special Studies (Legislative Affairs) from George Washington University. Bob served his country as an Infantry and Intelligence Officer with the Army’s 173rd Airborne Brigade and the 5th Special Forces Group in Vietnam. For almost three decades, Bob served as a highly distinguished public servant. He built an impressive career first as a Washington Cor-respondent for The Atlanta Constitution. He then served as Chief of Staff and Administra-tive Assistant for former Senator Sam Nunn of Georgia. After leaving government service, Bob collaborated with Frank Norton to estab-lish Hurt, Norton & Associates, a government affairs, marketing, and lobbying firm in Wash-ington, D.C. Since its inception in 1997, Hurt, Norton & Associates has served clients in the public and private sectors both in the United States and overseas. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ Bob Hurt has accomplished so much in his life. He would be the first to admit that none of it would have been possible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.007 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1205 September 5, 2018 
without the love and support of his wife, Vir-ginia, and their two daughters, Emma and Louisa. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in extending our sincerest congratulations to Mr. Robert H. ‘‘Bob’’ Hurt for receiving The Order of Saint Maurice and for his many years of service to our govern-ment, our military, and our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEPHENS COUNTY CHAMBER’S COMMUNITY AMBAS-SADORS FOR 2018 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Stephens County Cham-ber of Commerce’s award recipients for 2018. On August 16, residents of Stephens County came together to honor the successes of the local business community at the 72nd Cham-ber Annual Awards Celebration. The L.P. ‘‘Bub’’ Greer Industry of the Year award went to NIFCO-KTW, a German manu-facturing company that specializes in manu-facturing automobile parts for BMW vehicles. Stephens County Farmers Market took home the Agriculture Business of the Year award, and the Chamber awarded CK Morgan and Company—a local gift shop—with the title of Retail Business of the Year. Bowen and Watson earned the Ben F. Cheek III Service and Profession Business of the Year award. This Toccoa-based construc-tion firm’s president, Drew Watson, was also named this year’s Young Professional of the Year. The Chamber gave its Promotion and Tour-ism Award to Miles Through Time Automotive Museum and the Entrepreneur of the Year award to Alisa Adams of Cabe Crest Catering. Food 2 Kids received the Nonprofit of the Year award for making strides in addressing local food security, and Emily Hayes was rec-ognized as the 2018 Volunteer of the Year. Alan Ramsey received the Senior of the Year award, John Dickerson earned this year’s Lifetime Achievement award, and Jer-emy Spradlin took home the Bob Evans Chair-man’s Award. Mr. Speaker, these individuals and organi-zations have made significant investments in Stephens County’s business community, and I congratulate each of them on these honors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber on Tuesday, September 4, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on roll call votes 380 and 381. RECOGNIZING MURIEL ENGELMAN HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my con-stituent, Muriel Engelman, of Laguna Woods, California. Muriel served as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army Nurse Corps in World War II, spending several months of her two-year serv-ice near the front lines at the Battle of the Bulge. Muriel treated countless American and Al-lied soldiers, forming lasting bonds with those who were fortunate enough to have known her. This July, Muriel was appointed a Chevalier of the National Order of the Legion of Honor by French President Emmanuel Macron. Considered France’s highest honor, this dis-tinction was bestowed upon Muriel for her brave and selfless work during her six and a half months in France during World War II. Her vital role in the war effort undoubtedly helped liberate our European allies. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Muriel Engelman on her well-deserved rec-ognition. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL WILLIAM THOMAS SLYE, JR., USA RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Lieutenant Colonel William Thomas Slye, Jr., USA, Ret., who be-came an angel on February 28, 2018. LTC Slye’s dedication to the United States Army, his nation, and his beloved family mark a man whose life was devoted to service to others. A native of Washington, DC, LTC Slye en-listed in the Navy in 1953, where he served as an aircraft engine mechanic and found his passion for aviation. While the Navy could not offer him a venue to progress in his flying as-pirations, he soon enlisted in the Army to pur-sue their flight training program. LTC Slye’s skills did not go unnoticed and he was assigned to the Presidential Flight De-tachment where he flew in the Presidential Helicopter unit for both Presidents Johnson and Nixon. His valiant efforts to keep our na-tion’s leaders safe during tumultuous times were next to none and will never be forgotten. Following a 28-year Army career that included three tours in Vietnam, LTC Slye retired in 1981 and settled in Belton, Texas. Along with being a skilled and decorated pilot, LTC Slye was a true family man. He married the love of his life, Wanda Rose Bridges, in 1957 and went on to raise three beautiful children: Mike, Teri, and Sandie. He lived a full and inspirational life and was ac-tively involved in his church, Knights of Colum-bus, and community. LTC Slye’s dedication to both nation and family reflect the best values we hold dear in Central Texas. I salute his devotion to our highest ideals and join his loved ones in mourning his loss. f 
IN HONOR OF DANNY SMITH 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Danny Smith, who is retiring after 36 years with the United Parcel Service (UPS). Danny currently serves as Vice President of Public Affairs for UPS. He started with UPS in Alabama in 1982, first loading and unloading vehicles then driving delivery trucks. Shortly thereafter, he was promoted to the managerial track, and spent 20 years in the financial sec-tor. He later became the Director of Logistics and Customized Solutions. This unique combination of financial exper-tise, strong customer relations skills, and his talent for never meeting a stranger brought him to the attention of Public Affairs after he worked with their group as a Congressional Awareness Coordinator in Wisconsin. When the VP of State Government Affairs position opened in the Dallas area, Danny was offered the opportunity to work with national, state and local political leaders across Texas, Okla-homa, Arkansas, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ten-nessee, Alabama and Florida to further their understanding of the many roles UPS plays in their districts. On top of his many responsibilities within UPS, Danny has been involved in a wide range of organizations, which include: the Texas Trucking Association, where he is Chairman-elect of the Executive Board, Chair-man of their PAC, and Vice Chairman of their Foundation, the Oklahoma Trucking Associa-tion, the Louisiana Motor Transport Associa-tion, the Mississippi Trucking Association, the Arkansas Trucking Association, the Texas As-sociation of Business, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Mississippi Economic Council and the Oklahoma Chamber of Commerce. He also serves on the Texas Leadership Forum (‘‘TLF’’) Advisory Board of Directors. Danny holds a bachelor’s degree in Busi-ness and Communications from Auburn Uni-versity and currently resides in Southlake, Texas with his wife, Terri, and their two chil-dren, Connor and Emma. His son, Connor, graduated in June 2018 from Southwestern University, my alma mater, in Environmental Sciences and was an all-conference Lacrosse player. Emma is a sophomore at the Univer-sity of Alabama, where she is on a full schol-arship and a University Fellow in the Honors College. In honor of his years of dedication and hard work, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. Danny Smith for his friendship and deep commitment to our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.011 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1206 September 5, 2018 
HONORING PASTOR BILL COATES OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH GAINESVILLE 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career of Pastor Bill Coates of the First Baptist Church of Gaines-ville. After 20 years of service to the church, Pastor Coates delivered his final sermon on August 19, 2018. A native of South Carolina, Pastor Coates spent most of his childhood knowing that he would eventually join the ministry. In 1998, he and his family moved to Northeast Georgia so that he could become Senior Pastor at First Baptist Gainesville. Pastor Coates always referred to First Bap-tist Gainesville’s congregation as the ‘‘people of the church’’ to remind them that they are the Lord’s people first and foremost. During his tenure, First Baptist Gainesville expanded, adding a new banquet hall and the church’s Jubilee Garden to accommodate a growing family of members. Pastor Coates also led groups of Georgians to serve in places like Ireland and Panama. As a leader, Pastor Coates looked beyond his own needs, focusing on the spiritual growth of others in the Gainesville community. His selflessness ultimately led him to retire, a decision that he hopes will pave the way for new leadership to make a positive impact on the many faces of the congregation. Pastor Coates’ servant heart touched the lives of many. I want to thank him for the 20 years he dedicated to First Baptist Gainesville and hope his retirement is filled with both rest and new adventures. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL ELEC-TIONS HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Special Elections Home Rule Act. This bill would give the Dis-trict of Columbia complete authority to set the date of special elections for local offices, which other jurisdictions have. Our bill simply removes a Home Rule Act limitation on the District that is not only inconsistent with the self-government granted by the Home Rule Act, but is also counterproductive. This bill follows legislation we got through the Congress in 2012 that gave the D.C. Board of Elections (‘‘Board’’) more flexibility to set the date of special elections for local of-fices to maximize voter participation. Although we sought complete authority for the District over the scheduling of special elections, the 2012 law, the District of Columbia Special Election Reform Act, did not include this home-rule principle. D.C. should have com-plete authority over a matter that is unrelated to any other congressional district and has no relevance to Congress. The Home Rule Act originally required the Board to hold special elections on the first Tuesday 114 days from when the vacancy oc-curred and allowed the Board to schedule special elections on the same day as the next general election if that election occurred 60 days from when a special election would oth-erwise have been held. This inflexibility led to special elections being held on religious holi-days and forced the District to hold a special election separate from an upcoming general election, costing the District hundreds of thou-sands of dollars in extra election costs. The 2012 law required the Board to hold a special election on a Tuesday occurring between 70 and 174 days after the vacancy. Our bill is an important step to perfect home rule for the District. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
RISING TO THE CYBER CHALLENGE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we are in a new age of warfare. Once was a time when bombs, bullets, ships, planes, tanks, and artil-lery were all that great powers needed to van-quish or intimate their foes. Now with the rapid rise of the information age, any nation can possess digital weapons to undermine our military edge or disrupt our way of life. These new weapons, existing in cyberspace, can reach anywhere, at any time, and do enor-mous damage but go virtually unseen. They may not always result in the immediate deaths, but like a virus, they disable our de-fenses and cripple the basic mechanisms we need to support life—eventually costing Amer-ican lives. Their ever expanding abilities could one day even effect life on a scale that rivals the most destructive nuclear weapons man has ever produced. We have learned that in our new age, it does not take large industrialized states to de-velop advanced cyber weapons. We have seen impoverished and isolated nations like North Korea prove they possess cyber capa-bilities that challenge the defenses of our great nation. We have only just entered this new era of cyber-enabled competition, and the full ability of state-sponsored cyber weapons has yet to be realized. But given the remark-able advance of technology today, we must ensure that we have all the tools and re-sources necessary to compete and win in cyberspace as we would at sea, in the air, or on land. But this is not a contest limited to the mili-tary or our traditional security agencies to de-fend against. Our enemies are using their cyber weapons to undermine our economic strength and threaten the vary foundations of our democracy. This new age of cyber-en-abled warfare, poses risks that require govern-ment and the private sector to work together to secure our greatest secrets and guard our most precious rights. Like so many challenges we have faced before, we can overcome this one if we demonstrate our resolve and unshackle America’s innovative talents. That is why I am proud to be an original co-sponsor to Mr. Y
OHO’s bill, H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. This bill will set the policy and direction for our federal agencies to effectively combat the ris-ing cyber challenge. The authorizations in this bill focuses our approach towards state-spon-sored cyber activities and allows the President to use our tools of national power to deter and degrade our cyber opponents. Much like our methods to combat terrorism, this bill creates a process to designate adversaries who use cyber weapons against us. We can then bring sanctions to bear on those individuals and en-tities that are exploiting the cyber realm to wage war or weaken the U.S. Through this bill, our enemies will find that their mis-behavior in cyberspace has real costs and that America is already prepared to take on this new challenge. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LEO J. DELANEY FOR A CAREER OF SERVICE TO THE U.S. 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Leo J. Delaney on four decades of service to our nation’s de-fense. Leo will retire from the Defense Intel-ligence Agency (DIA) on September 30. Mr. Delaney grew up in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsyl-vania and joined the Air Force following grad-uation from Indiana University of Pennsyl-vania. He served as an officer in the Air Force for six years. Following separation from military service, Leo embarked on a civil service career with DIA at the Department of Defense. His career there spanned over three decades during times when America was engaged in the Cold War, Desert Storm, and the 9/11 attacks and their aftermath. Leo’s service in DIA was notable and unique in terms of responsibility, diversity of subject matter, and success. His years of ex-ecutive service spanned the development of and brought improvements to the entire scope of DIA’s collection, analysis, and supporting activities. He received numerous awards throughout his federal service, including being honored twice by the president with the Presi-dential Rank Award of Meritorious Service. It is an honor to recognize the Leo as he celebrates his long career and begins retire-ment. He is a patriot and a committed profes-sional who contributed significantly to our country’s well-being. On behalf of both a grateful nation and myself, I extend sincere congratulations and best wishes to Mr. Delaney for the next chapter of his impressive story. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. TED STARK 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. Ted Stark on his retirement from federal service. Ted served forty years as a member of our Federal Law Enforcement Agencies. I com-mend Ted on his longevity of service to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.017 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1207 September 5, 2018 
great nation and the enforcement of the rule of law. From his service in the Immigration and Naturalization Service to Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, he played a pivotal role in helping teach the next generation of federal agents. His passion and leadership will leave a long-lasting legacy amongst his coworkers. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in wishing continued success to Ted as he continues his service as a liaison official between ICE and the CIA. 
f 
HONORING THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the American Mis-sionary Association. The American Missionary Association (AMA) was formed in 1846 by 19th Century mission-aries with the sole goal to abolish slavery and educate all escaped and freed slaves. The or-ganization is known for its work of creating 11 Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) across the nation. The diverse leaders of the American Mis-sionary Association consisted of four African- Americans out of its 12-person charter. The entity was rooted in the Christian faith but worked beyond the ministry allowing the cre-ation of Berea College, Clark Atlanta Univer-sity, Fisk University, Hampton University, Dil-lard University and my alma mater Tougaloo College. The American Missionary Association also aided in the founding of Howard Univer-sity. In 1931, the association joined the Con-gregational Christian Churches, which is now known as the United Church of Christ. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the history of the American Mis-sionary Association and all the work they pro-vided to educated African-Americans, includ-ing myself throughout the nation. 
f 
HONORING PASTOR JIM GAINES OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH DAWSONVILLE 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Jim Gaines of the First Baptist Church of Dawsonville. After 20 years of ministry, Pastor Gaines retired this August, making him the church’s longest-serv-ing shepherd. Prior to working at First Baptist Dawsonville, Pastor Gaines served as the executive direc-tor of missions for the Georgia Baptist Con-vention. An avid student, Pastor Gaines holds two bachelor’s degrees, a master’s degree, and a Ph.D. from the Southern Baptist Theo-logical Seminary. When Pastor Gaines arrived at First Baptist Dawsonville in 1998, the congregation wel-comed 40 men and women through their doors each Sunday. Since then, the congrega-tion has grown to include 500 dedicated mem-bers. Pastor Gaines coordinated several church- wide mission trips to Alaska and Africa, giving members of the community a chance to step out of our corner of Georgia to meet and serve others. Pastor Gaines has made a tremendous im-pact in the Dawsonville community. The con-gregation of First Baptist Dawsonville will miss his warm guidance, and I hope his next sea-son is full of peace and joy. f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN F. ‘‘JAY’’ HURLEY OF SOUTH BOSTON, MA 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute and honor a true son of South Boston, John F. ‘‘Jay’’ Hurley, in recognition of over fifty years of dedicated service to the South Boston community. The son of Catherine (Murray) of South Boston and John Hurley of South Boston (via Medford, MA), Jay was born in Boston on September 1, 1954 and lived on East 4th Street in South Boston until he married his wife, Patricia (Farrell) ‘‘Patty’’ Hurley in 1979. They moved to Hart Place in South Boston, where they still reside. Jay attended Saint Brigid School at O Street and East Broadway and graduated in 1972 from South Boston High School. On June 5, 1974, Jay became a member of Ironworkers Local Union No. 7 (Book No. 922845). Upon completion of a three-year apprentice-ship, Jay became a journeyman ironworker on June 1, 1977. Jay held various offices at Local 7 between 1988 and 2001, including: Record-ing Secretary, President, Business Agent, and as the first Business Manager in Local 7’s then 101-year history. On December 1, 2001, Jay was appointed General Organizer for the International Asso-ciation of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental, and Reinforcing Iron Workers, and was subse-quently elected the President of the Iron-workers District Council of New England in September of 2002. Jay was elected as the 9th General Vice President of the International in May 2005 and retired as the 1st General Vice President on March 1, 2018. Over the course of his career, Jay poured his heart and soul into bettering the lives of all workers through the machinations of the labor movement. The admiration and respect of his colleagues and peers throughout the United States and Canada is unsurpassed. Along with providing distinguished service to the Ironworkers, Jay is also an active member of his community. He has won many awards over the years, most notably in 2006, when he won the Cushing Gavin award for outstanding service to the Labor community. In 2008, Jay wrote a novel, Irony ...,  and he has do-nated all proceeds to Julie’s Family Learning Program, a South Boston non-profit organiza-tion. Jay is known as a loyal, hardworking leader in the labor movement; but also, a loving and caring family man. He has had the good for-tune to be married to his wife Patty for 39 years, and they are the proud parents of John, Kaitlyn and Brian and proud grandparents to John (‘‘Jack’’), Michael and James. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to join with John F. ‘‘Jay’’ Hurley’s family, friends, and contemporaries to thank him for his re-markable service to his union brothers and sisters and to his community of South Boston. f 
HONORING THE 89TH BIRTHDAY OF ARTHUR MYLES 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary life of Arthur Myles who celebrated his 89th birthday on August 14, 2018. Arthur Myles was born on August 14, 1929 in the state of Alabama. Arthur is the youngest son of twenty-five children born to President Myles Sr. and Mary Rena Williams-Myles. Ar-thur attended primary school in Uniontown Alabama, which he walked nine miles to at-tend. Shortly after relocating to Niagara Falls Arthur attended adult education classes at Center Avenue School and completed his edu-cation at Laborers Local 91. Throughout Arthur’s life he had various jobs during his career working at companies such as the City of Niagara Falls Street Depart-ment, New York State Power Authority, McClendon Blacktop, and J. Myles & Sons, before launching his own business. Arthur launched A. Myles Paving, and most recently started A. Myles & Sons. After sixty-six years of employment, Arthur retired in 2016. Family is very important to Arthur as he is the father of ten children, twenty-one grand-children, forty great-grandchildren, and ten great-great grandchildren. Arthur has always actively sought to help others in ways too nu-merous to mention. He is consistently willing to lend a helping hand, and volunteering his services for the good of aiding others. Arthur still enjoys dancing, storytelling, being the life of the party and traveling. Arthur’s community is very important to him and he is an active member in his church, a member of the Niagara Community Center, NAACP, and is a current member of Laborers Local 91 for fifty-eight years. Arthur is believed to be the longest ‘‘African-American Member’’ in good standings. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me a few moments to recognize Arthur Myles. His love and devotion to his family is truly inspir-ing. I wish many fortunes to him and his family in the years to come. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SENATOR JOHN M
CCAIN 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart at the passing of a great American Hero and Leader, The Eagle of The Senate John McCain of Arizona. A selfless pa-triot, a man of courage, faith, and conviction. With his life well led, he is a lesson to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.021 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1208 September 5, 2018 
young. Our prayers go out to him and his fam-ily as he leaves this world. As the light in The United States Senate has diminished this day, with the loss of one its great leaders and friends. I include in the R
ECORD this poetic tribute to him penned by Albert Carey Caswell. 
WITH THE FAITH OF HISFATHERS  (By Albert Carey Caswell) And when we were young Were we those among, Who were blessed with such a love song? With the Faith of Our Fathers in hearts which belongs Which are of our greatest of gifts So in all of this To help us grow strong To help us grow tall To get up when we fall To hold honor above all To give us the moral compass to form To help us move on To have The Faith of Our Fathers for which we all long To learn how to lead To go with Godspeed To in yourself believe And know right from wrong While, in service to Country to answer that call To nourish souls all With the Faith of Our Fathers in hearts so very warm Is our great gift to our children and theirs to pass on Is The Faith of Our Fathers so very strong, To help lead a great life long after we’re gone That in hearts that lives on And John, The Faith of Your Mother was just as strong All in the examples you’ve set All in the challenges you’ve met All in what your caring reflects As you’ve left to this world with no regrets And John, armed With the Faith of Your Fathers look what standards you’ve set And what missions accomplished of which our world blessed And though you had medals of Bronze and Silver upon your chest Even greater was your heart of pure Gold To Be The Best As you John for The Greater Good yourself would neglect For Something Greater Than One’s Self as you knew our Lord expects And John Heaven holds a place, for all those magnificent men like you in your grace Like that POW in that darkness all in what you faced In Strength In Honor, as you’ve lifted up our world to make it a better place And John the United States Senate will never forget your face As all in the sands of time John, yours is now etched And now we lay your fine body down to rest As upon the floor of the Senate what a giant shadow you’ve cast Leaving void, And a chasm as great as The Grand Canyon which will last At Ease my son, As one of America’s Best, and a winner In the Game of Life who’s won all those great quests Now rise, Rise up to Heaven with tears in your eyes, As the Eagle of The Senate has taken flight All in our Lord’s arms, John, you now lie As our Lord looks into your eyes Saying, ‘‘John in that POW camp I could not let you die’’ ‘‘As me and Bud and Orson watched over you day and night’’ ‘‘and I knew in this world you’d had so much more love to write’’ ‘‘and you would bless America and our world with all of your might’’ ‘‘As your battle on Earth is over my son’’ ‘‘But, your new battle has now just begun’’ ‘‘As an Angel in my Army of The Lord my son’’ ‘‘Now, up here in Heaven your Fathers so await’’ ‘‘With open arms, as over the years they’ve watched you so proudly at your heroic gait’’ And on this night, we rest much easier in our beds Knowing a new Angel named John McCain watches us over head And your family will hear you on the wind And in the morning when they wake, they will feel you next to them as where you’ve been Watching over them time and again Until, one fine day you’ll meet up in Heaven my friend And they won’t have to cry no more And for a child to become whole To bring warmth and peace to their soul They need The Faith of Their Fathers to nurture and grow As a gift far more precious than gold When, armed with The Faith of Our Fathers And our Faith In The Lord Can there be nothing we can’t overcome or endure And with tear in eye, John as to you we say goodbye At the Measure of This Great Man who has died Who was First in Freedom, Who was First in War, Who was First in Peace, And in the leadership he implored As you taught us how to live, and how to die Who is now an Angel in The Army of Our Lord, who Heaven depends on up on high Rise, And now we lay your body down to rest, Amen. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during roll call vote number 380 and 381 on September 4, 2018, due to recent surgery. I would like to reflect how I would have voted: On roll call vote no. 380, I would have voted Yes. On roll call vote no. 381, I would have voted No. 
f 
MOURNING THE PASSING OF EVITA MENDIOLA 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute and mourn the recent passing of a long-serving former staffer of mine, Evita Mendiola, after a battle with cancer. She grew up in San Diego and lived briefly in the Cali-fornia Bay Area before settling in Los Angeles. Evita worked for me on my first campaign for Congress in 1996 and served as Executive Assistant in both my Washington and Los An-geles offices for 12 years. She went on to work for our former colleague, Dale Kildee in his Washington office for another four years before returning to California in 2013. My staff and I were deeply saddened to hear of her passing. I extend all of her family my deepest condolences, especially to her mother Renate Mendiola and her brother, Robert King. Evita loved her family, and was especially dedicated to her precious nieces and nephews. She took great pride in their achievements and spent much of her free time at their athletic events and extracurricular ac-tivities. She served both Dale and I with dedication and diligence. She was my longest serving and best Executive Assistant. Evita watched over her colleagues and served by my side with fierce loyalty to the office, to the district, to my constituents and to the priorities of the office. Evita was more than an Executive Assistant. She was a utility player that handled case work and field representative duties whenever called upon—even though being a ‘‘scheduler’’ alone is the toughest job in a Congressional office. She took a particular interest in helping young people with their plans to attend military service academies. Over the years she guided dozens of applicants through the very complex and competitive application processes to make sure they received the opportunity to pursue serving our country. The annual service acad-emy nominations became a highlight for me and members of my staff because of the hard work Evita put into it. Our country is better be-cause of the military service of young people from the San Fernando Valley whom Evita helped pursue their dreams. Evita served as a mentor for junior staff and interns alike. She often maintained contact with former staff and interns years after they had left the job, offering guidance, support and friendship. Once again Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the life and service of Evita Mendiola who will ultimately be remembered for her dedication to her family and country. May her family find comfort and solace in the memories they shared and in the life she led. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JUSTIN PRESSLEY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Justin Pressley, a Gainesville native who dedicated his career to advocating for the disabled. When he was 16 years old, Justin injured his spinal cord in a motorcycle accident, leav-ing him a quadriplegic. Instead of viewing his injury as a setback, he used this challenge to encourage men and women who were also experiencing disabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.026 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1209 September 5, 2018 
To work with organizations committed to ad-vancing the disabled community, Justin volun-teered his time to Adapt, the National Organi-zation on Disability, and the National Partici-pant Network. He also co-founded Gaines-ville’s Disability Resource Center and estab-lished the North Georgia Screamin’ Eagles soccer team, a local soccer team for quad-riplegic athletes. Because of his tireless devotion to meeting the needs of the disabled, the Georgia Advi-sory Committee appointed Justin to the United States Civil Rights Commission, which focuses on addressing issues in civil rights policy. Ad-ditionally, he served as an officer for the Ac-cess Center for Independent Living and Ac-cess Hall County—two organizations that sup-port disabled men and women by advocating for their independence in the community. Throughout his life, Justin worked to broad-en equal opportunities for the disabled in the workplace, and his optimism lifted the spirits of others in the community. Mr. Speaker, the Gainesville community will miss Justin, and my prayers are with family during this time. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CHICANA(O) AND LATINA(O) STUDIES DE-PARTMENT (CLS) AT CALI-FORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, LOS ANGELES UPON ITS 50TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. JIMMY GOMEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Chicana(o) and Latina(o) Studies Department (CLS) at California State Univer-sity, Los Angeles upon its 50th anniversary. Established in 1968, the program has ex-panded from four classes to 150 courses an-nually. Created during an era when commu-nities of color stood up for equality and civil rights, this program sought to build a new, positive narrative of Mexican Americans in the U.S., while preparing students to pursue ca-reers in various fields, including education, law, and the social sciences. Since its founding, the CLS program’s focus was interdisciplinary and broke with academia’s traditional emphasis on specializa-tion to instead focus its study of Mexican Americans through courses in history, culture, political science, psychology, and an emerging Chicano literature. While the scope and breadth of the CLS program has changed over the years, its impact on the minds of our youth has remained constant and is as relevant now as ever before. To create an equitable society, we must ac-knowledge the systemic inequalities that immi-grants and all communities of colors continue to face. Our educational institutions can serve as vehicles toward this end. That is why we must work together as policy makers, edu-cators, community leaders, and students to lead our generation into a future that truly em-bodies the ideals our country has aspired to since its founding. I ask all members to join with me in com-mending the CLS program and California State University, Los Angeles for their 50 years of educating Los Angeles’ youth for a brighter future. HONORING KEITH KELLEHER HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Keith Kelleher, one of the greatest orga-nizers I have ever seen, for his hard work and dedication as he retires on September 14, 2018. Keith’s lifelong commitment to orga-nizing for social and economic justice has im-proved thousands of lives and created fair work environments and policies that will con-tinue to give workers good wages, health care, and safe work environments. Keith Kelleher was the President of the Service Employees International Union Healthcare Illinois/Indiana/Missouri/Kansas since its creation in April 2008 until April 2017. He was a field organizer, Lead Organizer, and Head Organizer of Legacy Local 880 in Chi-cago, and Head Organizer of United Labor Unions Local 222 in Detroit prior to that. In his 39 years of work as a labor and com-munity organizer, Keith pioneered the organi-zation of fast food, home care, child care and other low-wage workers—growing Legacy Local 880 from just seven members in 1983 to more than 70,000 members by 2008, and growing SEIU HCIIMK from 83,000 members in 2008 to more than 92,000 members by 2014; and winning living wages and first-ever healthcare for tens of thousands of Illinois workers. Keith was the Field Director of the national SEIU’s ‘‘Homecare Task Force’’ from 1996– 1998. He traveled, researched, and visited the homes of home care workers in more than ten states, beginning the work which led to the or-ganizing of hundreds of thousands of home care workers across the country. Today, more than 600,000 home care and child care workers in more than fifteen states across the country are united in SEIU, fighting for a better standard of living for themselves and their families, and joining with nursing home and hospital workers to become a na-tional movement for quality care and quality jobs. Keith Kelleher was a founder and leader in the national SEIU Homecare Council, which was composed of leaders of over 15 local unions. He was a board member and then Vice-President of the SEIU Illinois State Coun-cil, which grew from 70,000 to over 120,000 members during his years of service. As an organizer, Keith Kelleher trained hun-dreds of rank and file leaders and organizers over his career. He helped found the Helen Miller Member Education and Training Center (METC) which has trained thousands of Homecare and Child Care workers, as well as helping to found the SEIU HCIIMK Homecare and Child Care Health Trust, which brought first-time health care to more than 15,000 home and child care workers. His conviction, integrity and foresight helped initiate several grassroots organizing initia-tives, like the Grassroots Collaborative ‘‘Fight for $15’’ and ‘‘United Working Families.’’ He was a founder and leader of the ‘‘Chi-cago Jobs and Living Wage Campaign’’ and the ‘‘Big Box Living Wage Campaign’’ from the 1990’s to the 2000’s, which led to increases in the Chicago and Illinois minimum wage and benefited hundreds of thousands, if not mil-lions, of Chicago and Illinois workers. In the 1990’s, as a State Representative in Springfield, I was honored to work with Keith on legislation to raise the wage of state-em-ployed home care workers in a campaign dubbed ‘‘Give Me Five,’’ a $5 an hour min-imum wage. I was indelibly inspired by the he-roic women of Local 880 who, along with Keith, taught me to never give up! Rising to the top of his union, Keith was elected as an SEIU International Executive Board Vice-President in June 2008, a position he held until 2017. In recognition of his historic accomplish-ments as a visionary, organizer and labor movement leader, I rise today to offer my heartfelt gratitude and congratulations to Keith Kelleher for all he has done to improve the jobs and living conditions of thousands and thousands of people and to provide hope to millions more. I thank Keith, and best of luck to him in his retirement from SEIU. My hope is that I will continue to see him leading in the ongoing struggle. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE DEDICATION OF THE BEAVER ISLAND WATER TRAIL 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the dedication of the Beaver Is-land Water Trail on northern Lake Michigan. Thanks to the tireless efforts of countless community leaders, businesses, and local or-ganizations, this trail has become an indispen-sable part of Northern Michigan. The 42-mile paddling trail around the largest island in Lake Michigan is designed for experi-enced paddlers and outdoorsmen looking for an exciting excursion. As they make their way along the trail, paddlers can enjoy beautiful beaches and wetlands, lighthouses, ship-wrecks, and some of the best night skies that Michigan has to offer. And Beaver Island’s unique history and warm community make it an ideal destination for outdoors enthusiasts everywhere. Northern Michigan is home to some of our nation’s most cherished natural resources and landscapes, and trails like Beaver Island’s help support healthy lifestyles, local econo-mies, and an appreciation for our beautiful state. I look forward to getting to experience the trail with my kids and grandkids, and I am excited to spread the word on all that the is-land has to offer. A dedication ceremony for the trail was held on September 1st at the Beaver Island Community Center. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the Pres-ervation Association of Beaver Island, the Land Access Information Association, the state of Michigan, and all others who helped pitch in to make the Beaver Island Water Trail a reality. Michiganders can take immense pride in knowing that the First District is home to such an important institution of recreational, historical, and environmental significance. On behalf of my constituents, I wish it all the best. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.029 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1210 September 5, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF 25 YEARS OF PRIDE IN THE PARK 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the Pride in the Park festival, which is currently organized by the Bradbury-Sullivan LGBT Community Center in addition to its other vital services. Since 1993, the Pride in the Park festival has acknowledged the achievements made in and by the local LGBT community. It is a vi-brant event with vendors, merchants, business services, community groups, games, and live entertainment. In 2016, the Bradbury-Sullivan LGBT Community Center opened to fill a gap in community services by addressing the cul-tural, health, and education needs of the LGBT community in the Lehigh Valley. In 2017, Pride of the Greater Lehigh Valley merged with Bradbury-Sullivan LGBT Commu-nity Center. I am sure the legacy of Pride in the Park will continue to grow and flourish with its support and the strong leadership provided by Founder and Executive Director Adrian Shanker. It is an honor to recognize Adrian Shanker and the Bradbury-Sullivan Center and their work to usher in the 25th Annual Pride in the Park Festival. It is vital to have well-organized groups like this to ensure all voices are heard and every person can pursue a life of dignity and respect. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR DON-ALD EMERSON SHAY, JR. AND MRS. SARA FRANCES SHAY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the service of both United States Air Force Major Donald Emerson ‘‘Don’’ Shay, Jr., of the 14th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron, and his mother, Mrs. Sara Frances Shay. This October marks forty-eight years since Maj. Shay went missing over southern Laos in the service of his country. After her son was reported as MIA, Mrs. Shay dedi-cated herself to reunite all those missing in Southeast Asia with their families for forty-five years. Before his service in the United States Air Force, Don was raised in Linthicum, Maryland, and graduated the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1967. On October 8, 1970, then Captain Shay and Cpt. William A. Ott were shot down during a reconnaissance mission over Laos in an RF4C Phantom. Their plane was not located and both men were listed Missing in Action. Upon the release of 591 American prisoners of war in 1973, neither Cpts. Shay nor Ott were among those coming home. Cpt. Shay was promoted to the rank of Major after he was reported MIA; he is among eighteen members of the USAFA class of 1967 who lost their lives in or are still MIA from Vietnam. Following the report that Don was missing, Mrs. Shay began volunteering her time and ef-forts towards locating her son. Soon, her dedi-cation grew to all service members who were MIA/POW in Vietnam. She went on to serve on the board of the National League of Fami-lies of American Prisoners Missing in South-east Asia, the board of the Linthicum Vet-eran’s Memorial, and has worked with count-less families and veterans of the war in the in-tervening decades. For her tireless work, she has been recognized by Presidents Nixon, Ford, Reagan, George H.W. Bush, and Obama. Mrs. Shay will be celebrating her 100th birthday this December. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thank-ing Major Donald Emerson Shay, Jr., and Mrs. Sara Frances Shay for their incredible sac-rifices, devotion, and service to our nation; words cannot express our gratitude. f 
CONGRATULATING CHASE ELLIOT ON HIS FIRST NASCAR CUP SE-RIES VICTORY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dawsonville’s Chase Elliot for winning his first NASCAR Cup Series race on August 5. Growing up, Chase fostered his love for speed through go-kart racing. He always looked up to his father, Bill, who was a NASCAR driver himself. Chase carried on his father’s legacy even as a teenager, kicking off his NASCAR career by signing a deal with Hendrick Motorsports. Only a year later, he won his first NASCAR race at the Iowa Speedway. Chase clenched another victory in the 2014 NASCAR Xfinity Series race at the age of 18 years old, making him the youngest driver to win a NASCAR national series title. During the recent NASCAR Cup race, Chase advanced to victory with the support of his favorite spotter—his father. As Chase moves on to his next race, I join my fellow Northeast Georgians in congratu-lating him on winning his first Cup Series com-petition. 
f 
NORTH COAST OPPORTUNITIES 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues M
IKETHOMPSON and J OHN G
ARAMENDI to recognize the fiftieth anniver-sary of North Coast Opportunities, Inc. and their decades of good work for the residents on the North Coast of California, in particular those areas in our congressional districts. North Coast Opportunities was created through the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 as part of President Lyndon Johnson’s War on Poverty, and it has served as the Community Action Agency for Mendocino and Lake Coun-ties, as well as parts of Humboldt, Sonoma, Del Norte, and Solano Counties since its in-corporation in 1968. As a member of the Community Action Net-work, North Coast Opportunities joined nearly 1,000 community-focused agencies throughout the United States that are charged with ad-dressing local problems of poverty, social dis-engagement, and inequity by engaging local affected populations through direct services. These services are tailored to meet local con-ditions and seek the greatest participation in the vital services provided to struggling fami-lies. North Coast Opportunity reaches local resi-dents from infancy to the end of life through programs including Partnerships in Community Health, Lake County Food and Produce Pan-tries, Head Start Child Development Program, Mendo-Lake Food Hub, Leadership Mendocino, Food PREP, Lake and Mendocino County Farm to School, Gardens Project, Redwood Caregiver Resource Center, Rural Communities Child Care, Volunteer Network, Walk and Bike Mendocino, Hammers for Hope, Lake County Disaster Recovery, and the Caring Kitchen Project. Mr. Speaker, it is with great appreciation that we congratulate and recognize North Coast Opportunities on fifty years of stellar service to California North Coast communities in our congressional district and extend to them best wishes for decades of service to come. f 
CELEBRATING SUBURBAN PROPANE’S 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Suburban Propane headquartered in the Township of Hanover, New Jersey on the occasion of its 90th Anni-versary. Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. is a na-tionwide distributor of propane, fuel oil and re-lated products and services, as well as a mar-keter of natural gas and electricity, proudly celebrating 90 years of innovation, growth and quality service. Since the concept of using propane as a portable heating source was born in 1928 by its visionary founder in a small New Jersey town, Suburban Propane and its predecessor companies have been committed to delivering outstanding customer service to the commu-nities served. In 1945, under the name Subur-ban Propane Gas Corporation, Suburban Pro-pane became the first stock exchange listed public propane distributor in the United States. After several transformations, Suburban Pro-pane again emerged as a publicly-traded Mas-ter Limited Partnership (‘‘MLP’’) listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1996, and today is one of the oldest existing MLPs. Throughout its now nine decades of serving customers na-tionwide, Suburban Propane has maintained its high standards for safety, integrity and cus-tomer satisfaction. From its roots as a small neighborhood business, Suburban Propane has grown into a nationwide distributor with a vast network of more than 650 locations in 41 states. Today, Suburban Propane is the third largest retail propane provider in the United States, serving the energy needs of approximately 1.0 million residential, commercial, industrial and agricul-tural customers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.033 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1211 September 5, 2018 
The more than 3,200 employees of Subur-ban Propane are proud members of every community they serve. Suburban Propane’s long-term commitment to giving back to its local communities led to the creation of an in- house initiative called SuburbanCaresTM, which encourages and supports Suburban Propane’s employees in their efforts to serve their customers and communities. Since 2012, Suburban Propane has partnered with the American Red Cross as a national sponsor volunteering time, and donating blood and much needed supplies to support the Amer-ican Red Cross and their lifesaving endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., on the occasion of its 90th Anniversary. 
f 
RECOVERY MONTH 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the non-profit Better Life In Recovery, based in Springfield, Missouri, for its distin-guished efforts to aid individuals suffering from substance abuse and other mental health issues down the long road of recovery. On September 8, Better Life In Recovery will hold a 5k/10k run in honor of Recovery Month dur-ing the month of September. Better Life In Recovery was founded to help individuals who are dealing with substance abuse and mental health with a focus on edu-cation, awareness and community service. It helps to reintegrate individuals back into their communities through volunteer work and sup-port. Better Life In Recovery is a shining ex-ample of an organization that brings hope to others who are suffering by providing reassur-ance that recovery is within reach. Recovery Month is a time to honor organi-zations that help people fight to take back their lives and raise awareness about the chal-lenging obstacles facing people on the path to sobriety. As many people struggle to get sober, it’s the help and support from family, friends and communities that keeps them on the road to recovery. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th District of Missouri, I would like to recognize Better Life In Recovery and its efforts to spread aware-ness for Recovery Month. I would also like to encourage individuals who are struggling to take back their lives to seek out support from their family, friends and communities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF MR. PATRICK COSTELLO 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career of Patrick Costello, an essen-tial member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local Union No. 43. Mr. Costello has been a member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers for 42 years, and has spent several years as an Officer. Throughout his career, Mr. Costello has held the positions of Executive Board member, Vice President, President, Assistant Business Manager and Business Manager. Mr. Costello has been a staunch supporter and voice for the hardworking men and women of IBEW during his career. As an involved and active member of his community, Mr. Costello currently serves as President of the AFL–CIO Central New York Labor Council, and is a board member of the American Heart Association, the United Way and the Onondaga County College Founda-tion. Mr. Costello also sits on the Central & Northern New York Building Trades Council, the Workforce Investment Board, the Oneida County BOCES Advisory Committee, the Cen-tral New York Labor Studies Advisory Com-mittee, the Oneida County School and Busi-ness Alliance, the Youth Construction Initiative Program at the Utica Schools, and many other committees. I commend Patrick Costello for his dedica-tion to the International Brotherhood of Elec-trical Workers and for his active involvement throughout New York’s 24th Congressional District, and wish him the very best in his well- deserved retirement. f 
HONORING THE SACRIFICE OF CORPORAL TERRELL FULLER 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 5, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the sacrifice of Army Cor-poral Terrell Fuller. After 67 years, the North Korean government returned his remains to the corporal’s loved ones on August 8th of this year. Corporal Fuller joined the Army when he was 20 years old. In the midst of the Korean War, he traveled alongside his fellow Ameri-cans. On April 12, 1951, the Toccoa Record first reported his disappearance. Corporal Fuller’s family eventually lost hope that he would return, and, in 1954, the Army pronounced him dead. If he were alive today, he would have recently celebrated his 88th birthday. Corporal Fuller’s funeral processions began at the Hartsfield Jackson airport and took him all the way home to Toccoa, where members of the community lined the streets to give him the welcome he has deserved for nearly seven decades. Today, this soldier has family who love him, but no living relatives who can personally re-count his bravery and patriotism. Yet we in Northeast Georgia know that Corporal Fuller answered the call of duty, leaving behind his loved ones and creating a legacy of service. Corporal Fuller’s sacrifice illustrates the tre-mendous debt that we owe to the members of our military who promote and defend freedom. I join Northeast Georgians in honoring the re-turn of this long lost hero. SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 6, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED SEPTEMBER 12 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine countering Russia, focusing on assessing new tools. SD–538 3 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on free-trade zones. SR–385 SEPTEMBER 13 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine perspectives on United States agricultural trade. SR–328A Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. SD–538 SEPTEMBER 18 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on how transparency can lower spending and empower patients. SD–430 SEPTEMBER 26 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold closed hearings to examine the cyber operational readiness of the De-partment of Defense. SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.037 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1212 September 5, 2018 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine the Federal role in the toxic PFAS chemical crisis. SD–342 OCTOBER 3 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05SE8.000 E05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D976 Wednesday, September 5, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senator-designate Jon Kyl, of Arizona, was administered the oath of of-fice by the Vice President. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6035–S6040 Measures Introduced: Four bills were introduced, as follows: S. 3408–3411.
                                     Page S6038 
Measures Reported: S. 2515, to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self- governance by Indian Tribes. (S. Rept. No. 115–335)
                                                                       Page S6038 
Swearing in of Senator Kyl: The Chair laid before the Senate the certificate of appointment of Senator- designate Jon Kyl of the State of Arizona, and the oath of office was then administered as required by the U.S. Constitution and prescribed by law. 
                                                                                            Page S6036 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 85 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. EX. 202), Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2023.
                                               Pages S6036, S6040 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6037 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S6037–38 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S6038 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—202)
                                                                Page S6036 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 1:18 p.m., until 12 noon on Thursday, September 6, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6038.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 1965, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and traditional mammoth ivory products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. 3367, to amend certain transportation-related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific re-search, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; and The nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Okla-homa, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Di-rectors, Kelvin Droegemeier, of Oklahoma, to be Di-rector of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy, James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Joel Szabat, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation. TSA OVERSIGHT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Transportation Security Administration, fo-cusing on keeping our skies secure, after receiving testimony from David P. Pekoske, Administrator, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D977 September 5, 2018 
Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security. NATO ALLIANCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the value of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance, after receiving testi-mony from Richard N. Haass, Council on Foreign Relations, New York, New York; R. Nicholas Burns, Harvard University John F. Kennedy School of Government Robert and Renee Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Cambridge, Massa-chusetts; and Stanley R. Sloan, Middlebury College, Middlebury, Vermont. THE CHINA CHALLENGE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine the China challenge, focusing on security and military develop-ments, after receiving testimony from Oriana Skylar Mastro, American Enterprise Institute, and Abraham M. Denmark, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, both of Washington, D.C. IMPACT OF ZERO TARIFFS ON U.S. AUTOWORKERS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the im-pact of zero tariffs on United States autoworkers, after receiving testimony from John Bozzella, Asso-ciation of Global Automakers, Inc., on behalf of Here for America, Thea Mei Lee, Economic Policy Institute, Stephen Moore, The Heritage Foundation, and Bryan Riley, National Taxpayers Union, all of Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee held a hearing to examine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States. The nominee tes-tified in his own behalf. Hearing recessed subject to the call and will meet again on Thursday, September 6, 2018. NOMINATIONS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Tamara Bonzanto, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection), and James Paul Gfrerer, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Information and Tech-nology), both of the Department of Veterans Affairs, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. FOREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS’ USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine foreign influence operations’ use of social media platforms, after receiving testimony from Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook, Menlo Park, Cali-fornia; and Jack Dorsey, Twitter, Inc., San Francisco, California. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6702–6712 and 1 resolution, H. Res. 1050 were introduced.
                                            Page H7870 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7870–71 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 1051, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6691) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of violence’’, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 115–920).
                                                                      Page H7870 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Weber (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H7827 Recess: The House recessed at 10:45 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7832 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
          Pages H7832–33, H7864 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families.
                                         Page H7833 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:49 p.m. and re-convened at 1:02 p.m.
                                            Page H7838 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Improving Embassy Design and Security Act of 2018: H.R. 4969, amended, to improve the design and construction of diplomatic posts;
     Pages H7840–43 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD978 September 5, 2018 
Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018: H.R. 5576, amended, to address state-sponsored cyber activities against the United States; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7843–48 
Global Electoral Exchange Act: H.R. 5274, amended, to promote international exchanges on best election practices, cultivate more secure democratic institutions around the world.
                    Pages H7848–50 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:44 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:05 p.m.
                                                   Page H7861 
Oath of Office—Twelfth Congressional District of Ohio: Representative-elect Troy Balderson pre-sented himself in the well of the House and was ad-ministered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a copy of a letter received from the Honorable Jon Husted, Ohio Secretary of State, indicating that, at the Spe-cial Election held on August 7, 2018, the Honorable Troy Balderson was elected Representative to Con-gress for the 12th Congressional District, State of Ohio.
                                                                                Page H7862 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Balderson, the whole number of the House is 430. 
                                                                                            Page H7863 
Empowering Students Through Enhanced Finan-cial Counseling Act: The House passed H.R. 1635, to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, by a yea-and-nay vote of 406 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 385. 
           Pages H7834–38, H7838–40, H7850–61, H7862, H7863–64 
Rejected the Lamb motion to recommit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 187 yeas to 224 nays, Roll No. 384. 
                                                                            Pages H7861, H7862 
Agreed to: Stefanik amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that provides all students with an explanation of how to seek additional assistance from the financial aid office should they experience a change of financial circumstance; additionally, the amendment would specify that a borrower receives the loan amount they requested;
                       Page H7856 
Murphy (FL) amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that requires institutions of higher education, as part of the annual counseling process mandated by the bill, to inform a student borrower that the loan amounts the student uses during an academic term will count towards the stu-dent’s aggregate loan amounts, regardless of whether the credits transfer;
                                           Pages H7856–57 O’Halleran amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that requires counseling to disclose the anticipated monthly payment to bor-rowers for any income-driven repayment plan for which they are eligible, improving borrowers’ aware-ness of income-driven repayment plan options; 
                                                                                    Pages H7857–58 
Lewis (MN) amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that clarifies all payment op-tions for Parent PLUS loans and notifies Parent PLUS borrowers that their dependent may qualify for and should consider scholarships, grants, and fed-eral work-study jobs prior to borrowing; 
                                                                                    Pages H7858–59 
Allen amendment (No. 5 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that provides that nothing prohibits institutions from providing additional financial counseling;
                                                                    Page H7859 
Hartzler amendment (No. 6 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that encourages institutions of higher education to have students attend in-person loan counseling sessions; and
                       Pages H7859–60 
Jayapal amendment (No. 7 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–919) that adds requirement that stu-dent loan exit counseling includes a warning about illegitimate third-party debt relief companies, which offer services for a fee already provided to borrowers free of charge through loan servicers.
      Pages H7860–61 
H. Res. 1049, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 1635) and (H.R. 4606) was agreed to a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 383, after the previous question was ordered by a recorded vote of 221 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 382.
                                                       Pages H7834–38, H7838–39 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 1050, electing a Member to certain standing com-mittees of the House of Representatives.
      Page H7864 
Senate Referrals: S. 186 was held at the desk. S. 994 was held at the desk. S. 2553 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means. S. 3021 was re-ferred to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure.
                                                                  Page H7868 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H7833. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H7838–39, H7839, H7862, and H7863–64. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:34 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D979 September 5, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
ON-THE-JOB: REBUILDING THE WORKFORCE THROUGH APPRENTICESHIP Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment held a hearing entitled ‘‘On-The-Job: Re-building the Workforce Through Apprenticeships’’. Testimony was heard from B.J. Dernbach, Assistant Deputy Secretary, Department of Workforce Devel-opment, Wisconsin; and public witnesses. OPPORTUNITIES TO IMPROVE HEALTH CARE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities to Improve Health Care’’. Testimony was heard from Derek Schmidt, Attorney General, Kansas; and pub-lic witnesses. TWITTER: TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Twitter: Transparency and Accountability’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. THE FUTURE OF MONEY: COINS AND BANKNOTES Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Money: Coins and Banknotes’’. Testi-mony was heard from Leonard R. Olijar, Director, Bureau of Engraving and Printing; and David J. Ryder, Director, United States Mint, Department of the Treasury. THE COST OF REGULATION ON AFFORDABLE MULTIFAMILY DEVELOPMENT Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Cost of Regulation on Affordable Multifamily Devel-opment’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 418, urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the cultural significance of Rib Mountain by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places; H. Res. 460, requesting the Sec-retary of the Interior to recognize the rich history of the logging industry and the importance of lumber-jack sports by adding the Lumberjack Bowl to the National Register of Historic Places; H.R. 5420, the ‘‘FDR Historic Preservation Act’’; H.R. 5513, the ‘‘Big Bear Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 6013, the ‘‘Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Opportu-nities for Veterans Act’’; H.R. 6287, the ‘‘9/11 Me-morial Act’’; H.R. 6299, the ‘‘Nevada Lands Bill Technical Corrections Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6599, to modify the application of temporary limited appoint-ment regulations to the National Park Service, and for other purposes; H.R. 6665, the ‘‘Offshore Wind for Territories Act’’; H.R. 6678, the ‘‘Claude Moore Farm Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ longstanding intent to maintain working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other pur-poses; and S. 2857, the ‘‘National Nordic Museum Act’’. H. Res. 418, H. Res. 460, H.R. 6287, H.R. 6599, H.R. 6665, H.R. 6678, and S. 2857 were or-dered reported, without amendment. H.R. 5420, H.R. 5513, H.R. 6013, H.R. 6299, and H.R. 6687 were ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power, and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 6583, the ‘‘Big Sand Wash Project Title Transfer Act’’; and H.R. 6652, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain facilities, easements, and rights-of-way to the Kennewick Irrigation District, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Austin Ewell, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Water and Science, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. COMMUNITY SAFETY AND SECURITY ACT OF 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 6691, the ‘‘Community Safety and Security Act of 2018’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 5–4, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 669 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of September 13, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pur-suant to this section. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte and Representative Jackson Lee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD980 September 5, 2018 
SURVEYING STORMS: A DEEPER DIVE INTO SBA’S DISASTER RESPONSE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Surveying Storms: A Deeper Dive into SBA’s Disaster Response’’. Testimony was heard from James Rivera, Associate Administrator, Office of Disaster Assistance, Small Business Administra-tion. INNOVATION IN SURFACE TRANSPORTATION Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Highways and Transit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Innovation in Surface Transportation’’. Tes-timony was heard from Randell Iwasaki, Executive Director, Contra Costa Transportation Authority, California; and public witnesses. REUSABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT: CONTINUING TO EXAMINE VHA’S STERILE PROCESSING PROBLEMS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Re-usable Medical Equipment: Continuing to Examine VHA’s Sterile Processing Problems’’. Testimony was heard from Teresa D. Boyd, Assistant Under Sec-retary for Health for Clinical Operations, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; Sharon Silas, Acting Direc-tor, Health Care, Government Accountability Office; and John Daigh, M.D., Assistant Inspector General for Healthcare Inspections, Department of Veterans Affairs. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 4312, the ‘‘Fallen Warrior Battlefield Cross Memorial Act’’; H.R. 6409, the ‘‘Honoring Veterans’ Families Act’’; and H.R. 6420, to permit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant program to conduct cemetery research and produce educational materials for the Veterans Legacy Pro-gram. Testimony was heard from Representatives LaMalfa, Lamb, and Renacci; Matthew Sullivan, Deputy Under Secretary for Finance and Planning, National Cemetery Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6662, the ‘‘Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6690, the ‘‘Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6561, the ‘‘Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3635, the ‘‘Local Cov-erage Determination Clarification Act of 2017’’; H. Res. 1018, requesting the President to transmit to the House of Representatives certain documents in the possession of the President relating to the deter-mination to impose certain tariffs and to the strategy of the United States with respect to China. H.R. 6662, H.R. 6690, H.R. 6561, and H.R. 3635 were ordered reported, as amended. H. Res. 1018 was or-dered reported, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
AGRICULTURE IMPROVEMENT ACT Conferees met to resolve the differences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 2, to pro-vide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023. ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT Conferees met to resolve the differences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for the Bureau of Industry and Security, the International Trade Administration, and the United States International Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine outside perspectives on Russia sanctions, focusing on current effectiveness and potential for next steps, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Harold B. Parker, of New Hampshire, to be Federal Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on the Judiciary: to continue hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Mary-land, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Perfluorinated Chemicals in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D981 September 5, 2018 the Environment: An Update on the Response to Con-tamination and Challenges Presented’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Efforts to Ensure Quality of Care and Resident Safety in Nursing Homes’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy, markup on H.R. 6511, the ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Failure to Act: How a Decade without GSE Reform Has Once Again Put Taxpayers at Risk’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Tackling Fentanyl: The China Connection’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Cuba’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection; and Sub-committee on Transportation and Protective Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding Cybersecurity Threats to America’s Aviation Sector’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5468, the ‘‘Permitting Litigation Efficiency Act of 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5706, the ‘‘World War II Pacific Sites Establishment Act’’; H.R. 6108, the ‘‘Preserving America’s Battlefields Act’’; H.R. 6118, to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes; H.R. 6365, the ‘‘Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo Land Claims Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6682, the ‘‘Protection and Transparency for Adjacent Landowners Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy and Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Permitting: Finding a Path For-ward’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating Federal Disaster Response and Recovery Efforts’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Airspace Inte-gration of New Aircraft’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of VA’s Specially Adaptive Housing Grant Programs (SAH)’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the positive economic growth effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD982 September 5, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Thursday, September 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, September 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 4606— Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act. Consideration of H.R. 6691—Community Safety and Se-curity Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bera, Ami, Calif., E1201 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E1202, E1209 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1204 Carter, John R., Tex., E1205 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1202, E1206, E1210 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1201, E1203, E1205, E1206, E1207, E1208, E1210, E1211 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1208 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1203, E1210 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1201 Gomez, Jimmy, Calif., E1209 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1201 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1205 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1207 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1202, E1210 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1204 Katko, John, N.Y., E1204, E1211 Long, Billy, Mo., E1204, E1211 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1207 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1206 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1206 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1209 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1201 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1205, E1207 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E1208 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1207 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E1205 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1202, E1206, E1210 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Sep 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05SE8.REC D05SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST