Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9669 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2018 No. 187 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Minister La’Shawn Worrell, New Psalmist Baptist Church, Baltimore, Maryland, offered the following prayer: All wise and Eternal God to whom our desires are known before we may ask, may we ask only what accords with Your will. Incline Your ear, Almighty God, and grant us the wisdom to make forward- moving decisions without compro-mising Your integrity. Grant us the discerning insight to maintain our fin-ger on the pulse of justice and the power of restraint, that we may uphold our liberty in accordance with Your gracious will. God, we ask that You send Your grace and peace across the aisle and unite the voices of these great leaders of our Nation that we may stand on the promises that rest in our Constitution. Almighty God, you have promised to hear what we ask in the name of Your Son. Accept and fulfill our petitions, hear the prayers of Your people; and we proclaim it done in the incomparable name, Jesus Christ. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CRAWFORD led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE KILLED OR WOUNDED IN SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY The SPEAKER. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of si-lence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all of those who serve and their families. 
f 
WELCOMING MINISTER LA’SHAWN WORRELL The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to welcome Minister La’Shawn Worrell as our guest chaplain here at the United States House of Representa-tives. Minister Worrell has demonstrated leadership in Baltimore and through-out the Seventh Congressional District of Maryland. She has served as an asso-ciate minister of my church, the New Psalmist Baptist Church in Baltimore, since 2007. During her time at New Psalmist Baptist Church, Minister Worrell re-ceived her bachelor of science degree in religious studies from Notre Dame of Maryland University in May 2017 and completed the Baltimore City Police Department chaplaincy program in May of this year. It is clear to me that, considering Minister Worrell’s drive and extensive contributions to our district, she is just getting started. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Minister Worrell for her leadership and for her wonder-ful prayer. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio). The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JUANA AURORA MEDINA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Juana Aurora Medina, a lifelong resident of the city of Hialeah in south Florida. Like me, Juana was born in Cuba but was forced to flee the island under the brutal Castro dictatorship. Juana ar-rived to this land of freedom and oppor-tunity along with her husband, a polit-ical prisoner, and their small children. In the U.S., she worked in the gar-ment district to provide for her family and to make education available for her children. As a religious woman, Juana found her passion for helping others. After experiencing the plight of families and individuals affected by alcohol and drug addiction, she founded, with sev-eral others, various nonprofits, includ-ing Ministerio Catolico Nuevo Caminar, to address these issues head- on. Recently, the city of Hialeah recog-nized her legacy by designating a city street to be named in her honor. We thank Juana for her service and for her love and dedication to our community. She is an inspiration to her family and to so many individuals she positively impacted throughout her life. Congratulations to the Medina fam-ily. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO7.000 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9670 November 28, 2018 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT TOM MORGAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at the remarkable age of 98, Lieutenant Tom Morgan is retiring as the oldest active lawman in the State of Texas and probably the United States. Tom patrols the rivers, bayous, and lakes of Harris County, Texas for the Sheriff’s Office. Tom first volunteered to serve Amer-ica in 1942 as a marine in World War II. He was in combat and landed on the brutal, bloody beaches of Guadalcanal, Okinawa, and Saipan in the South Pa-cific. After getting malaria and after 4 years of war, Tom was reactivated for combat in the Korean war. After those wars, Tom became a pipeline engineer in Houston for 30 years. Then, at the age of 72, he was hired by the sheriff’s department and became the oldest cadet ever to graduate from the academy. For 26 years, he has put on the badge and the gun to protect and serve the people of Texas. Houston salutes this marine, engi-neer, and 98-year-old lawman as a per-son who is a cut above the rest of us. Happy trails, Lieutenant Tom Mor-gan. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
COUNTERING IRAN’S DANGEROUS CONDUCT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, as an opponent of the failed Iran deal, I am grateful that President Donald Trump and his administration remain focused on combating the dan-gerous conduct of Iran. Iran’s aggression has only increased with the windfall of newly accessible funds from the Iran deal. They have used the funding to upgrade missile technology, force terrorism worldwide, and fuel conflict around the Middle East. Last week, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin announced that Iran had de-veloped an Iran-Russia network to send oil to Syria. This oil is then used to fund murderous terrorist organizations like Hezbollah and Hamas. Sigal Mandelker, the Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, explained: ‘‘The Iranian regime continues to prioritize spending money on fomenting terror over sup-porting its own people.’’ President Trump has made the cor-rect decision to impose sanctions on in-dividuals related to this scheme, as he continues to fulfill ‘‘promises made, promises kept.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. HONORING WOODY AND LYNDA FREEMAN ON 50 YEARS OF MAR-RIAGE (Mr. CRAWFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50th wedding anni-versary of my good friends Woody and Lynda Freeman of Jonesboro, Arkan-sas, two people who are true examples of commitment to the covenant of marriage. Woody and Lynda met and started dating in the small town of Newport, Arkansas, when they were in the eighth grade. In high school, Woody was captain of the football team and Lynda was homecoming queen. Woody taught Lynda how to drive and could always make her laugh—and still does. They eventually married in 1968 dur-ing their senior year at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville. Not long after they were married, Woody, an Army second lieutenant, was deployed to Vietnam, where he was a courier for the CIA. He sent Lynda gifts and films he took of Vietnam and called when-ever he could, and whenever he was on R&R in Hawaii, Lynda flew to see him. Following Woody’s return from Viet-nam, the family faced hard times. It was because of their vow to each other before God that they were able to make it through their lean years, when Lynda pawned her wedding ring as Woody worked tirelessly, both doing what was needed to raise their chil-dren. As with their marriage, they have diligently worked to make their busi-ness and family prosper. With never- yielding prayer, they have succeeded. During their 50 years of marriage, they have experienced the joy and per-severance of unconditional love and faith in one another. For their commit-ment to each other, to their family, and to God, I invite my colleagues in Congress to join me in honoring their life together. 
f 
CELEBRATING BOB GRIP ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Bob Grip on his retirement after 33 years at FOX10 News in Mobile, Alabama, and an even more impressive 48 years in journalism. Bob has been a mainstay in tele-vision in southwest Alabama and the Florida Panhandle for over three dec-ades. Through his work at the anchor desk, Bob helped create a more in-formed community. Just as impressive is Bob’s contribu-tion away from the TV station. He has dedicated countless hours to numerous service organizations and programs, in-cluding teaching journalism classes and hosting high school academic com-petitions. One of my fondest memories with Bob was when he tagged along for a day of my townhall meetings in rural Alabama. At each stop, Bob was the highlight. In fact, there is no doubt that more people were excited to see Bob than their Congressman. It was a testament to just how loved and re-spected Bob Grip is by so many people in southwest Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Bob a friend, and I wish him and his wife, Marie, all of the best in their retire-ment. f 
WE NEED AN INDUSTRIAL POLICY THAT WORKS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, during the campaign, then-candidate Trump came to Warren, Michigan, and promised workers: ‘‘You won’t lose one plant, I promise you that.’’ Well, the President’s promises ring hollow. Just this week, General Motors announced plans to close five plants, including factories in Michigan just miles from where President Trump made his broken campaign promise. These plant closures are symbolic of the Trump economy, one that does not work for the American worker. It works for boardroom executives. It works for wealthy shareholders. It works for corporations and the people at the top. I am a Flint, Michigan, kid. General Motors was founded in my hometown. We know what happens when compa-nies move their jobs overseas. We used to have 80,000 auto jobs in my town— now, less than 10,000. These plant clo-sures have a devastating impact on the lives of thousands of people. We need an economy that works for everyone, and we need a President who is willing to work with Democrats and Republicans to craft an industrial pol-icy that puts America to work, that stands up for the American worker. No more hollow promises. 
f 
PANCREATIC CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, No-vember is Pancreatic Cancer Aware-ness Month, and I am pleased to recog-nize an organization in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that works to raise awareness and seeks to cure this dis-ease. My constituent Christine Edmonds formed A Love for Life based in New-town, Bucks County, nearly 6 years ago in memory of her husband, Kevin Ed-monds. Kevin died in April 2012 at the young age of 51 after a brave battle with pancreatic cancer, shortly after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.006 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9671 November 28, 2018 
his sister Nora died of the very same illness. The mission of A Love for Life is to ensure that pancreatic cancer re-search is properly funded. Pancreatic cancer is a very, very dev-astating illness. The average survival rate for stage IV pancreatic cancer averages around 6 months. A Love for Life is looking to change that, partnering with the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsyl-vania to promote advanced research. We offer our heartfelt thanks and gratitude to A Love for Life and Chris-tine Edmonds for their work to eradi-cate pancreatic cancer in our commu-nity, in our country, and in our world. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of our constituents and everyone in our com-munity to follow her courageous lead in standing up for and serving a cause bigger than herself. 
f 
b1215 RECOGNIZING VERA DULANEY’S RETIREMENT (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Vera Dulaney, who, after 36 years of official service to her community, will retire from her position as Scotts Bluff Coun-ty clerk and election commissioner. Vera is a faithful public servant who works to protect the integrity of our elections and sets an example for many others in her family and community to follow. In fact, her daughter, Kathy, is the city clerk of our city of Gering. For over 30 years, Vera has served as a member of the board of directors for Oregon Trail Days, which is held each year to showcase the history and cul-ture of western Nebraska. In coopera-tion with the Boy Scouts of America, Vera continues to provide leadership for the Ed Dulaney Canoe Derby, which is named after her late husband, who started it over 45 years ago. When she was recently presented the Community Volunteer Award for pub-lic service, Vera said she could think of many others who she thought were ac-tually more deserving of the award. Please join me in honoring an incred-ibly humble, hardworking, and selfless advocate of western Nebraska, Mrs. Vera Dulaney. 
f 
SCOTT M CLEAN/PATHWAY TO FREEDOM (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Scott McLean, the founder and executive director of Pathway to Freedom, for being awarded the 2018 Marie Interfaith Civic Leadership Award. This award is given annually to recognize citizens whose work address-es important community issues in Ar-kansas. Scott created the Pathway to Free-dom program in 2011 with the goal of changing prison culture and breaking the cycle of recidivism in our State. The program provides educational, val-ues-based prerelease services to pris-oners, while also preparing inmates to reintegrate into society and return to being a productive citizen. Pathway to Freedom seeks to trans-form prisoners’ lives with an 18-month prerelease residential program through a contract with the Arkansas Depart-ment of Corrections. It also provides, importantly, 12 months of mentoring and support once our prisoners shift back to society. I extend a hand of gratitude and con-gratulations to my good friend Scott and the entire Pathway to Freedom program for their selfless and worth-while investment in our citizens and our State’s future. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1631 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ) at 4 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 28, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 28, 2018, at 12:26 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 3661. That the Senate agrees to the House amendment to the bill S. 440. That the Senate agrees to the House amendment to the bill S. 2074. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 1074. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5317. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 1918. That the Senate passed with amendments H.R. 3946. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. f 
STRENGTHENING THE HEALTH CARE FRAUD PREVENTION TASK FORCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6753) to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to direct the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to establish a public-private partner-ship for purposes of identifying health care waste, fraud, and abuse, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6753 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP FOR HEALTH CARE WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE DETECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1128C(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7c(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP FOR  
WASTE , FRAUD , AND ABUSE DETECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Under the program de-scribed in paragraph (1), there is established a public-private partnership (in this para-graph referred to as the ‘partnership’) of health plans, Federal and State agencies, law enforcement agencies, health care anti-fraud organizations, and any other entity deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary (in this paragraph referred to as ‘partners’) for pur-poses of detecting and preventing health care waste, fraud, and abuse. ‘‘(B) C
ONTRACT WITH TRUSTED THIRD  
PARTY .—In carrying out the partnership, the Secretary shall enter into a contract with a trusted third party for purposes of carrying out the duties of the partnership described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) D
UTIES OF PARTNERSHIP .—The partner-ship shall— ‘‘(i) provide technical and operational sup-port to facilitate data sharing between part-ners in the partnership; ‘‘(ii) analyze data so shared to identify fraudulent and aberrant billing patterns; ‘‘(iii) conduct aggregate analyses of health care data so shared across Federal, State, and private health plans for purposes of de-tecting fraud, waste, and abuse schemes; ‘‘(iv) identify outlier trends and potential vulnerabilities of partners in the partnership with respect to such schemes; ‘‘(v) refer specific cases of potential unlaw-ful conduct to appropriate governmental en-tities; ‘‘(vi) convene, not less than annually, meetings with partners in the partnership for purposes of providing updates on the partnership’s work and facilitating informa-tion sharing between the partners; ‘‘(vii) enter into data sharing and data use agreements with partners in the partnership in such a manner so as to ensure the partner-ship has access to data necessary to identify waste, fraud, and abuse while maintaining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.004 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9672 November 28, 2018 
the confidentiality and integrity of such data; ‘‘(viii) provide partners in the partnership with plan-specific, confidential feedback on any aberrant billing patterns or potential fraud identified by the partnership with re-spect to such partner; ‘‘(ix) establish a process by which entities described in subparagraph (A) may enter the partnership and requirements such entities must meet to enter the partnership; ‘‘(x) provide appropriate training, out-reach, and education to partners based on the results of data analyses described in clauses (ii) and (iii); and ‘‘(xi) perform such other duties as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. ‘‘(D) S
UBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT  
ANALYSIS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018, the trusted third party with a contract in effect under subparagraph (B) shall perform an analysis of aberrant or fraudulent billing patterns and trends with respect to providers and suppliers of sub-stance use disorder treatments from data shared with the partnership. ‘‘(E) E
XECUTIVE BOARD .— ‘‘(i) E
XECUTIVE BOARD COMPOSITION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be an execu-tive board of the partnership comprised of representatives of the Federal Government and representatives of the private sector se-lected by the Secretary. ‘‘(II) C
HAIRS .—The executive board shall be co-chaired by one Federal Government offi-cial and one representative from the private sector. ‘‘(ii) M
EETINGS .—The executive board of the partnership shall meet at least once per year. ‘‘(iii) E
XECUTIVE BOARD DUTIES .—The duties of the executive board shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) Providing strategic direction for the partnership, including membership criteria and a mission statement. ‘‘(II) Communicating with the leadership of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Justice and the various private health sector associa-tions. ‘‘(F) R
EPORTS .—Not later than September 30, 2021, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available on the public website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services a report containing— ‘‘(i) a review of activities conducted by the partnership over the 2-year period ending on the date of the submission of such report, in-cluding any progress to any objectives estab-lished by the partnership; ‘‘(ii) any savings voluntarily reported by health plans participating in the partnership attributable to the partnership during such period; ‘‘(iii) any savings to the Federal govern-ment attributable to the partnership during such period; ‘‘(iv) any other outcomes attributable to the partnership, as determined by the Sec-retary, during such period; and ‘‘(v) a strategic plan for the 2-year period beginning on the day after the date of the submission of such report, including a de-scription of any emerging fraud and abuse schemes, trends, or practices that the part-nership intends to study during such period. ‘‘(G) F
UNDING .—The partnership shall be funded by amounts otherwise made available to the Secretary for carrying out the pro-gram described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(H) T
RANSITIONAL PROVISIONS .—To the ex-tent consistent with this subsection, all functions, personnel, assets, liabilities, and administrative actions applicable on the date before the date of the enactment of this paragraph to the National Fraud Prevention Partnership established on September 17, 2012, by charter of the Secretary shall be transferred to the partnership established under subparagraph (A) as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(I) NONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The pro- visions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the partnership estab-lished by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(J) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may implement the partnership established by subparagraph (A) by program instruction or otherwise. ‘‘(K) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘trusted third party’ means an entity that— ‘‘(i) demonstrates the capability to carry out the duties of the partnership described in subparagraph (C); ‘‘(ii) complies with such conflict of interest standards determined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) meets such other requirements as the Secretary may prescribe.’’. (b) P
OTENTIAL EXPANSION OF PUBLIC -PRI-
VATE PARTNERSHIP ANALYSES .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the feasi-bility of the partnership (as described in sec-tion 1128C(a)(6) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a)) establishing a sys-tem to conduct real-time data analysis to proactively identify ongoing as well as emer-gent fraud trends for the entities partici-pating in the partnership and provide such entities with real-time feedback on poten-tially fraudulent claims. Such report shall include the estimated cost of and any poten-tial barriers to the partnership establishing such a system. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 6753, the Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018, authored by Chairman G
REG WALDEN and Ranking Member F
RANK PALLONE of the Energy and Commerce Committee. H.R. 6753 seeks to codify the Health Care Fraud Prevention Partnership, which would better equip public and private organizations to combat and prevent fraud and abuse in our healthcare system. Tens of billions of dollars are lost to healthcare fraud in the United States every year, and much of this fraud is preventable or, at the very least, de-tectable. Fraud and abuse within our healthcare system comes in various forms, ranging from telephone or email scams to obtain patient information to fraudulent billing practices. Healthcare fraud is not only costly to the Federal and State governments and an avoidable waste of taxpayer dollars. Fraud and abuse is costly for, and often hurtful to, American patients. For example, in May of this year, a doctor in Texas was indicted in a fraud case involving $240 million worth of claims. A Department of Justice inves-tigation found that the rheumatologist had given patients false diagnoses, fol-lowed by chemotherapy and other treatments that they did not need. Americans should feel confident in and be able to trust their doctors. The unfortunate reality is that there are bad actors who make decisions based solely on financial interests and not on what is best for the patient or for their fellow citizens. Another Texas case was settled just last month as a hospital administrator in Houston was convicted for his in-volvement in a $16 million fraud scheme. In this particular case, the hospital administrator had orches-trated a system of kickbacks with var-ious individuals in return for sending Medicare patients to certain partial hospitalization program services. Thanks to various investigative bodies bridging the Departments of Justice and Health and Human Services, this fraud was uncovered and investigated in an effort to protect both patients and taxpayer dollars from exploitation. Lastly, near my district in north Texas, there was a scheme in which a semiretired doctor signed off on fraud-ulent paperwork, including payments for fake patients. What started as a re-tirement gig rubber-stamping docu-ments ended in his conviction, due to his involvement in a $13 million home healthcare scam. The scam in its en-tirety stole $373 million from Medicare and Medicaid. I could go on with stories of healthcare fraud just in Texas, because these three examples are just the tip of the iceberg. Unfortunately, rampant healthcare fraud is not a Texas-specific issue. It is prevalent across our Nation. This is why we need to pass H.R. 6753 and codify the Health Care Fraud Pre-vention Partnership. The partnership was established by the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services and the United States Attorney General in Sep-tember 2012 through the signing of a charter. It is currently operated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and has allowed for increased coordination in addressing healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse, but has not been codified in statute. This partnership is voluntary among both private and public entities to re-duce fraud in our healthcare system. Participants in this critical partner-ship include the Federal Government, State agencies, law enforcement, pri-vate health insurance plans, employer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO7.003 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9673 November 28, 2018 
organizations, and other associations. The partnership allows for robust anal-yses of healthcare across different players, including Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurers. While these partners have access to their own data, cross-payer analyses are crucial in identifying savings and increasing detection of fraud, waste, and abuse. Collaborating through data sharing and other methods, the part-ners can paint a broad picture of the fraud networks and cast a wide net, in-creasing the ability to intervene and stop payments, and establish new and effective fraud prevention techniques. It is worth noting that, in addition to codifying and formalizing the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force, the bill requires the task force to perform an analysis of abnormal or fraudulent billing patterns and trends by pro-viders and suppliers of substance use disorder treatments. This effort fits nicely into what Congress has accom-plished this year with the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act being signed into law. H.R. 6753 will make a difference in cutting waste, fraud, and abuse in our healthcare system. I support this legis-lation and urge fellow Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill would author-ize the Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership and expand and enhance the task force’s capabilities to fight waste, fraud, and abuse throughout our healthcare system. This, in turn, will reduce costs for families and taxpayers. The Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership is a public-private partner-ship between the Department of Health and Human Services, private payers, Federal and State law enforcement agencies, and State healthcare agen-cies. The partnership aims to improve the detection and prevention of healthcare fraud by promoting the ex-change of data and information be-tween the public and private sectors on fraud trends, as well as successful anti- fraud practices. The legislation we are considering today would require the partnership to report regularly to Congress and give the agency the tools it needs to en-hance and expand its capability. This is a good bill that makes sense, a bill that will work. We must continue to work, on a bi-partisan basis, to enhance our fraud de-tection capabilities. I support this leg-islation and urge my colleagues to con-tinue working together to find mean-ingful solutions to reduce costs by rooting out fraud, waste, and abuse in our healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6753, the Health Care Fraud Preven-tion Task Force Act. This bipartisan bill— which I introduced with Ranking Member F
RANK PALLONE , and is supported by Ways and Means Chairman K
EVIN BRADY and Rank-ing Member R
ICHARD NEAL—passed the En-ergy and Commerce Committee unanimously earlier this year. This will be the 132nd bill that our committee has passed this Congress, 92 percent of which have been bipartisan just like this one. I look forward to continuing in that vein over the next two years. By passing this bill, we will be codifying a program that already works. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) cur-rently operates the Health Care Fraud Preven-tion Partnership—a voluntary collaboration be-tween the federal government, state agencies, law enforcement, private health insurance plans, and anti-fraud associations. Together, this group works to detect and prevent fraud that threatens to undermine our nation’s health care system. This program was created by the Obama Administration, and the Trump Admin-istration has recommended codifying it into law. The bill before us today does just that, also strengthening and expanding the scope of partnership’s work. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this com-monsense, bipartisan bill to improve the integ-rity of our nation’s health care system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6753, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018. 
SEC. 2. ORAL HEALTH EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 399LL of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
OFORALHEALTH EDUCATION CAMPAIGN ’’ after ‘‘E
STABLISHMENT ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘focused on oral healthcare prevention and education’’ and inserting ‘‘fo-cused on oral health education’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘campaign’’ and in-serting ‘‘campaign under subsection (a)’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Adminis-tration, may award grants, contracts, or cooper-ative agreements to eligible entities to collabo-rate with State or local public health officials, tribal health officials, oral health professional organizations, and others, as appropriate, to de-velop and implement initiatives to improve oral health, including activities to prevent dental disease and reduce barriers to the provision of dental services, including— ‘‘(A) through community-wide dental disease prevention programs; and ‘‘(B) by increasing public awareness and edu-cation related to oral health and dental disease prevention. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under this subsection, an entity shall be— ‘‘(A) a dental association; ‘‘(B) a State or tribal health department or State or tribal oral health program; ‘‘(C) an accredited dental education, dental hygiene, or postdoctoral dental education pro-gram; or ‘‘(D) a non-profit community-based organiza-tion that partners with public and private non- profit entities, such as an academic institution, to facilitate the provision of dental services to underserved populations.’’; (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 399LL– 1(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k–1(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, as practicable and appropriate,’’ before ‘‘uti-lize’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘public education campaign’’ and inserting ‘‘oral health education campaign and action for dental health program’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report on the out-comes and effectiveness of programs and activi-ties conducted under sections 399LL and 399LL– 1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k and 280k–1). 
SEC. 3. GRANTS FOR INNOVATIVE PROGRAMS. 
Section 340G of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the establishment or development of mod-els for the provision of dental services to chil-dren and adults, such as dental homes, includ-ing for the elderly, blind, individuals with dis-abilities, and individuals living in long-term care facilities; and ‘‘(E) the establishment of initiatives to reduce the use of emergency departments by individuals who seek dental services more appropriately de-livered in a dental primary care setting;’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘$25,000,000 for the 5-fiscal year period beginning with fiscal year 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘$13,903,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.009 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9674 November 28, 2018 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we can all agree that good oral health is important for all Americans: our children, our seniors, and our families in north Texas and other neighborhoods across the Nation. It affects our ability to speak, eat, and show emotions. Yet, good oral health remains an unmet medical need for many Americans, particularly in rural or underserved communities. Increasing access to vital healthcare services like dental health is a priority for many on the Energy and Commerce Committee. So I am pleased that today the House is again considering H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018, following recent action in the Senate. This bill, introduced by Representa-tives R
OBIN KELLY and M IKESIMPSON , takes several steps to improve essen-tial oral healthcare for disadvantaged patients by breaking down barriers to care and giving them the dental health treatment and disease prevention serv-ices they need through existing Federal dollars. Also, most of us are aware that poor oral health can raise the risk of tooth decay, gum disease, and oral cancer. These oral diseases can lead to pain and disability for millions of Ameri-cans. It also costs taxpayers and employers billions of dollars each year. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, on average, the Nation spends more than $124 billion per year on costs related to dental care. More than $6 billion of productivity is lost each year because employees miss work because of dental problems. Poor oral health can even be linked to other chronic health conditions such as diabetes and heart disease. Many of these conditions can be avoided by sim-ple preventive measures, such as reg-ular cleaning and water fluoridation. Dentists and dental specialists from Texas discussed similar concerns with me during meetings in the district and here in Washington. H.R. 2422 aims to address these issues and has the sup-port of several national dental groups like the American Dental Association and the American Academy of Pedi-atric Dentistry, to name two. Specifically, the bill seeks to reau-thorize activities for oral health pro-motion and disease prevention at the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention. In many rural and under-served regions in Texas, these activi-ties would expand school-based dental sealant programs and further support community water fluoridation. b1645 The bill also establishes an Action for Dental Health Program within the Department of Health and Human Services to improve oral health edu-cation and reduce barriers to oral healthcare by awarding grants, con-tracts, or cooperative agreements to dental associations, health depart-ments, accredited dental education programs, or nonprofit, community- based organizations. These grants and agreements could be used by these eligible entities to collaborate with State or local public health officials, Tribal health officials, oral health professionals, or other ap-propriate groups to support initiatives under the Action for Dental Health Program. Lastly, this legislation reauthorizes and expands a grant program through the Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration for innovative dental pro-grams at over $13 million annually for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. These grants will help States increase their oral health workforce and offer needed dental care in dental health profes-sional shortage areas. Some of the eligible activities for States include establishing dental homes, which refers to comprehensive oral healthcare, for children and adults and creating initiatives to reduce the use of emergency departments for den-tal services. I believe targeting resources to fa-cilitate the provision of dental services to those in need in addition to improv-ing oral health education will help pre-vent dental diseases before they start. This will ultimately reduce medical complications, emergency room visits, and poor dental health outcomes in un-derserved communities, not only in Texas but across the United States. Benjamin Franklin once famously stated that ‘‘an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.’’ We can heed those famous words by passing H.R. 2422 today and sending it to the Presi-dent’s desk. I urge all Members to sup-port this important and bipartisan leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I stand proudly in sup-port of H.R. 2422, my bipartisan Action for Dental Health Act. Since 2013, I have been working with my colleagues to emphasize the importance of oral health, especially for America’s chil-dren and seniors. Tooth decay is the most common chronic childhood disease, five times more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever. Furthermore, a child’s oral health sta-tus is directly tied to their academic achievement and school attendance. Likewise, poor oral health, such as toothlessness or tooth decay, are po-tentially life-threatening conditions for our grandmothers and grandfathers, and Medicare does not cover dental health services. Unfortunately, so many other Ameri-cans in between childhood and elderly adulthood lack access to oral healthcare because of cost or a lack of dentists in their area. The Action for Dental Health bill starts to change this by making oral healthcare more accessible for those in need without new Federal spending. Once enacted, the Action for Dental Health Act will empower the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to deliver more and better dental healthcare to underserved populations, especially urban and rural commu-nities, and increase education about the importance of oral health. This leg-islation will strengthen the impact of existing resources and services. The goal of the Action for Dental Health Act is to reduce the number of oral health emergency room visits, which are often costly, not comprehen-sive, and only occur at late stages after causing other negative health effects. So, in the short and long term, this bill will save money for patients and taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, the Action for Dental Health Act is cosponsored by 83 Mem-bers of Congress and supported by the American Dental Association, the Na-tional Dental Association, the Amer-ican Dental Education Association, and 39 other advocacy groups. The bipartisan companion legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate by Senator C
ORYBOOKER as S. 3016. When originally debated in February, it passed this House with 90 percent of Members voting ‘‘yes.’’ I am especially proud to have worked with Congressman M
IKE SIMPSON of Idaho, one of a handful of dentists in Congress. I offer my deepest thanks to him and his team. I thank him for his steadfast leadership, expertise, and partnership. In this time of a deeply divided Con-gress, I am glad that Congressman S
IMPSON and I could put forward a bi-partisan bill that has won the support of hundreds of our colleagues and field leaders. I look forward to working with him on more bipartisan solutions to in-crease access to healthcare, especially oral healthcare. The Action for Dental Health Act is a prime example of how Congress should work. Together, we developed the idea, consulted with experts in the field, worked across the aisle on the legisla-tive text, introduced it, advanced it through the committee process, orga-nized House and Senate votes, amended the bill, and we now look to advance this critical bill to President Trump’s desk to make it law. This is how Congress should work. We need to get back to this cooperative process. Let us not delay making way for quality dental health services for Americans in need. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.012 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9675 November 28, 2018 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2422. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STATE OF MODERN APPLICATION, RESEARCH, AND TRENDS OF IOT ACT Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6032) to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and sub-mit to Congress a report on the state of the internet-connected devices indus-try in the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6032 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State of Modern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act’’ or the ‘‘SMART IoT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STUDY AND REPORT ON INTERNET OF THINGS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Commerce shall conduct a study on the state of the internet-connected devices industry (com-monly known as the ‘‘Internet of Things’’) in the United States. In conducting the study, the Secretary shall— (1) develop and conduct a survey of the internet-connected devices industry through outreach to participating entities as appro-priate, including— (A) a list of the industry sectors that de-velop internet-connected devices; (B) a list of public-private partnerships fo-cused on promoting the adoption and use of internet-connected devices, as well as indus-try-based bodies, including international bodies, which have developed, or are devel-oping, mandatory or voluntary standards for internet-connected devices; (C) the status of the industry-based manda-tory or voluntary standards identified in subparagraph (B); and (D) a description of the ways entities or in-dustry sectors develop, use, or promote the use of internet-connected devices; (2) develop a comprehensive list of Federal agencies with jurisdiction over the entities and industry sectors identified under para-graph (1); (3) identify which Federal agency or agen-cies listed under paragraph (2) each entity or industry sector interacts with; (4) identify all interagency activities that are taking place among the Federal agencies listed under paragraph (2), such as working groups or other coordinated efforts; (5) develop a brief description of the juris-diction and expertise of the Federal agencies listed under paragraph (2) with regard to such entities and industry sectors; (6) identify all regulations, guidelines, mandatory standards, voluntary standards, and other policies implemented by each of the Federal agencies identified under para-graph (2), as well as all guidelines, manda-tory standards, voluntary standards, and other policies implemented by industry- based bodies; and (7) identify Federal Government resources that exist for consumers and small busi-nesses to evaluate internet-connected de-vices. (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that contains— (1) the results of the study conducted under subsection (a); and (2) recommendations of the Secretary for growth of the United States economy through the secure advancement of internet- connected devices. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal agency’’ means an agency, as defined in sec-tion 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) I
NTERNET -CONNECTED DEVICE .—The term ‘‘internet-connected device’’ means a phys-ical object that— (A) is capable of connecting to the inter-net, either directly or indirectly through a network, to communicate information at the direction of an individual; and (B) has computer processing capabilities for collecting, sending, receiving, or ana-lyzing data. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6032, the State of Mod-ern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act, or the SMART IoT Act. Earlier this year, the SMART IoT Act was unanimously approved by the Digital Commerce and Consumer Pro-tection Subcommittee and the full En-ergy and Commerce Committee. I would like to thank Chairman W
AL-
DEN for his support of this bipartisan legislation. I also want to thank Rep-resentative W
ELCH for his leadership as the original cosponsor of the SMART IoT Act and the many bipartisan mem-bers of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee for cosponsoring this bill. Representative W
ELCH and I have been working together on these issues for years, including as co-founders of the Internet of Things Working Group in the 114th Congress. Today marks an important step to-wards maximizing the full potential of Internet-connected devices, more com-monly known as smart devices. Almost any physical object can be transformed into a smart device with microchips, sensors, and wireless com-munications. Once transformed, these smart devices connect through a net-work to share, exchange, and analyze data to gather insights used to solve problems or enable new capabilities. IoT solutions will benefit consumers and businesses by improving produc-tivity, efficiency, and much more. Whether we are talking about advance-ments to automobiles that will im-prove roadway safety and save lives or smart-city applications that will im-prove services for residents, one thing is clear: We have the chance to benefit from a more connected world. Because of the vast benefits of IoT, we are seeing significant economic im-pacts across a number of industries. By 2025, it is projected that the total eco-nomic impact of IoT could reach $11.1 trillion. This includes value increases annually of up to $2.5 trillion in the healthcare sector, $2.3 trillion in manu-facturing, $300 billion in infrastructure, $100 billion in agriculture, and $50 bil-lion in vehicle use. To realize these benefits, we must en-sure the Government does not get in the way. Throughout numerous meet-ings over the years, we heard from many stakeholders. What became clear is that it is difficult to know who is doing what, both in the Federal Gov-ernment and also in the private sector. A lack of collaboration and dialogue presents the problem of creating un-necessary barriers to innovation and commonsense policy, something we cannot afford to do if we want to un-leash the power of IoT in the United States. We must equip ourselves and industry with information about what Federal, public-private, and self-regu-latory efforts are in place or under way. This is why we developed the SMART IoT Act. The SMART IoT Act directs the Secretary of Commerce to create a compendium to answer that very ques-tion: Who is doing what? At the Fed-eral level, this is what will help pro-mote interagency discussions and avoid conflicting or duplicative obligations or regulations that may slow innova-tion and progress. At the industry level, this will help innovators and businesses know how entities are developing, using, and pro-moting use of IoT solutions. It will also highlight industry-based efforts to self- regulate and provide all stakeholders with a resource to facilitate commu-nication and information sharing. The SMART IoT Act is a critical first step to future IoT policy efforts. It pro-vides important information that will foster Federal collaboration and streamline private industry efforts. We have an obligation to do what we can to promote American competitive-ness and technological advancements that benefit Americans in an environ-ment where other countries are trying to overtake the United States in tech-nical innovation. Mr. Speaker, again I thank Chairman W
ALDEN , Representative W ELCH , and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.014 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9676 November 28, 2018 
all of the bipartisan cosponsors of H.R. 6032, the SMART IoT Act. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 6032, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ), and I ask unanimous consent that she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? There was no objection. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from Ohio for introducing this legisla-tion and shepherding it through com-mittee and onto the floor. The SMART IoT, Internet of Things, Act is a product of bipartisan coopera-tion. As I did during subcommittee markup, I want to thank Chairman L
ATTA and Congressman W ELCH for their leadership on this issue, going back to the IoT Working Group in the 114th Congress. This bill will require the Commerce Department to survey the varieties of connected devices available and exam-ine the Federal role in this space. The study conducted under this bill should serve as the foundation for future legis-lative efforts as we work to ensure that Internet-connected devices are de-ployed to the benefit of the American consumer. The SMART IoT Act is being consid-ered under suspension of the rules after committee consideration under regular order. After a series of hearings on the Internet of things, Republican and Democratic staff worked together on a discussion draft of the bill. Earlier this year, we held a legisla-tive hearing where we heard testimony from the Center for Democracy and Technology, the Chamber of Com-merce, and Intel. That hearing raised several issues that we should continue to examine; including privacy, secu-rity, and safety. We are leaving major consumer protection issues unresolved in this area and other areas. Earlier this month, in Chicago, we celebrated the 10th anniversary of the passage of the Consumer Product Safe-ty Improvement Act, which included provisions that I worked on to include and improve the safety of children’s toys. Advocates there discussed how more work needs to be done to ensure that children’s toys are safe. Someone mentioned how smart toys are becoming more and more available, and questions were raised: Are these smart toys able now to track our kids and where they are? So, the tech-nologies have changed the safety of toys, and we have to be sure that we are looking at that. Our anger over misuse of consumer data has been bipartisan, but we have not yet come together on solutions. I am hopeful that we will be able to change that in the coming months. As many Members of this body are aware, I have introduced the Secure and Protect America’s Data Act, which I believe is a good starting point to begin discussion. b1700 I continue to urge my Republican colleagues to bring their ideas to the table so we can work together to find common ground. American consumers deserve action. For now, I am pleased to move for-ward on legislation where we have reached consensus like this. I look for-ward to continuing our cooperation on this legislation as it moves to full com-mittee in the weeks ahead. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge support of H.R. 6032, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6032, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADDING IRELAND TO E–3 NONIMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7164) to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7164 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. E–3 VISAS FOR IRISH NATIONALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15)(E)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(E)(iii)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘or, on a basis of reciprocity as de-termined by the Secretary of State, a na-tional of Ireland,’’ after ‘‘Australia’’. (b) E
MPLOYER REQUIREMENTS .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (t) (as added by section 1(b)(2)(B) of Public Law 108–449 (118 Stat. 3470)) as subsection (u); and (2) by adding at the end of subsection (t)(1) (as added by section 402(b)(2) of Public Law 108–77 (117 Stat. 941)) the following: ‘‘(E) In the case of an attestation filed with respect to a national of Ireland described in section 101(a)(15)(E)(iii), the employer is, and will remain during the period of authorized employment of such Irish national, a partici-pant in good standing in the E–Verify pro-gram described in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note).’’. (c) A
PPLICATION ALLOCATION .—Paragraph (11) of section 214(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(11)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(11)(A) The Secretary of State may ap-prove initial applications submitted for aliens described in section 101(a)(15)(E)(iii) only as follows: ‘‘(i) For applicants who are nationals of the Commonwealth of Australia, not more than 10,500 for a fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) For applicants who are nationals of Ireland, not more than a number equal to the difference between 10,500 and the number of applications approved in the prior fiscal year for aliens who are nationals of the Com-monwealth of Australia. ‘‘(B) The approval of an application de-scribed under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be deemed for numerical control purposes to have occurred on September 30 of the prior fiscal year. ‘‘(C) The numerical limitation under sub-paragraph (A) shall only apply to principal aliens and not to the spouses or children of such aliens.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 7164, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7164, a bill to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant program. The bill was introduced by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the former chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, and is a simple bill that recog-nizes the unique friendship and work-ing relationship between the United States and Ireland. H.R. 7164 allows nationals of Ireland to be eligible to apply for unused E–3 nonimmigrant visas, subject to Ireland providing reciprocal access to U.S. na-tionals. Holders of E–3 temporary work visas must be working in a specialty occupa-tion while in the United States. A spe-cialty occupation is one that is defined in the Immigration and Nationality Act as requiring: One, ‘‘theoretical and practical application of a body of high-ly specialized knowledge;’’ and, two, ‘‘the attainment of a bachelor’s or higher degree in the specific specialty, or its equivalent, as a minimum for entry into the occupation in the United States.’’ The E–3 applicant must have a job offer from an employer in the U.S., and that employer must get foreign labor certification from the U.S. Department of Labor prior to filing a petition with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices. H.R. 7164 also requires that employ-ers using Irish E–3 visa holders in their workforce are and will remain partici-pants in good standing in the E-Verify program. This means that such em-ployers must use E-Verify to ensure that those they employ are eligible to work in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.015 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9677 November 28, 2018 
E–3 nonimmigrant visas are cur-rently only available to nationals of Australia and are capped at 10,500 per year. Australian nationals have not ever used all of the 10,500 authorized visas in a given year, nor have they come close to doing so. In fact, the highest number used was during fiscal year 2017 when 5,657 were issued. H.R. 7164 provides that nationals of Ireland can utilize those visas not used by Australians in a given year. For operational purposes, the visa can be issued the following year but will be counted against the previous year’s cap. The bill does not increase the number of visas authorized, and allows Australia, for whose nationals the pro-gram was originally created, to have first access to the numbers. H.R. 7164 is a simple bill that reflects the continued friendship between Ire-land and the United States. I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER ) for his work and his lead-ership on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7164, a bill to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program. In 2005, soon after the United States and Australia finalized the Australia- U.S. Free Trade Agreement, Congress created the E–3 program for Australian nationals. That program provides up to 10,500 temporary visas, similar to H–1B visas, for Australians seeking to work in the United States in what are known as specialty occupations. As with the H–1B program, specialty occupations are those that require ‘‘theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowl-edge’’ in fields such as science, engi-neering, and computer programming. Australia has never used more than a fraction of the 10,500 E–3 visas that are made available each year in the pro-gram. In light of this fact, this bill would add Ireland to the program, thus allowing Irish nationals to use some of those remaining, unused visas. As amended, the bill would take the num-ber of E–3 visas left unused by Aus-tralia in a given fiscal year and make that same number available to Irish nationals the following fiscal year. This is a commonsense bill that rec-ognizes the important bond we share with two of our country’s closest and most steadfast allies. I congratulate my friends, Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER , former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and Mr. N
EAL, ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee—soon to be chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee—for championing this bill. They both deserve credit for working across the aisle on this issue. I would be remiss, however, if I did not also point out the continuing need to reform our immigration system in a more comprehensive and fundamental manner. Small fixes such as this bill are fine, but this body also must find ways to come together to enact broad-er, more meaningful reforms of our im-migration system for the good of the American people. With that, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I recog-nize and thank the gentleman, Mr. NEAL, for his leadership, as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 7164. The United States was built on the hard work and the determination of immi-grants, many of them who hailed from Ireland. Through their perseverance, they have enabled this country to grow and prosper. I believe in the value and oppor-tunity that comes with legal immigra-tion. I am pleased to have authored this legislation to make the process more efficient for one of our oldest al-lies and add to the great legacy of cul-tural diversity celebrated in our coun-try. This modest proposal would give Irish nationals the opportunity to work in the United States under the nonimmigrant visa category of the E–3 visa, previously reserved only for Aus-tralian nationals. Ireland, in the mean-time, has proposed a reciprocal work visa specific to U.S. nationals so that those wanting to live and work in Ire-land can move easily to do so. The E–3 visa is one of the most effi-cient U.S. visa options. The applicants outside the United States may apply directly at a U.S. consulate, thus avoiding the lengthy processing time with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services. The visas are granted for 2-year periods, renewable indefinitely, and the spouses of E–3 visa holders are permitted to apply for employment au-thorization documents. Currently, 10,500 E–3 visas are allo-cated each year, yet only half of these are used. This legislation would allow Irish nationals to apply for those visas unused by Australian nationals. This significant addition to the U.S. immigration system will not only ben-efit Irish nationals seeking employ-ment in the United States but also ease restrictions on Americans wanting to live or retire in Ireland. In conclusion, I would say that this does not increase the number of visas that are authorized in total. It merely allows Irish nationals to apply for the visas that Australian nationals do not want to use on a year-to-year basis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. N
EAL), the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , as well as Mr. NADLER , for bringing this legislation to the floor. Indeed, it is bipartisan in nature. It is not an effort here to go beyond what the rules currently allow in terms of the cap on visas. It would allow Irish nationals to utilize those visas that have not been exhausted by Australia. It is, as Mr. N
ADLER said, not a sub-stitute for immigration reform, how-ever. We note today that the Pew Cen-ter has released new numbers on the issue of those who, in America, are un-documented. While these two issues are unrelated, it is important to point out that we still, in this Congress, have to come up with a solution to a long- awaited problem that we recognize across the Nation, and that is what to do about undocumented citizens. As Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER also pointed out, I think with great accuracy, there are few stories of immigration that can be improved upon over what Irish im-migration did in America. In the after-math of an Gorta Mor, the Great Fam-ine, that took place in the mid-1850s, more than a million people left Ireland and immigrated to the shores of the United States, and a million starved to death on the island of Ireland. So when you consider that the popu-lation of Ireland at that time was about 8
1⁄2million people and today it is about 6 million people, it is under-standable as to what that relationship has meant. And America, to its ever-lasting credit, land of the free and home of the brave, welcomed them. The story that they told in suc-ceeding generations—first, second, third generations—of which I enjoy that same privilege, it is pretty ex-traordinary. I call attention to that be-cause I still think that the rest of the world desires to send many of its best to the United States. It is still, for all of us, this notion that, today, because of the simplicity of travel, you can move back and forth. But what is, I think, a very important component of the story that we just re-lated, when they left, whether it was in the 1850s or, in the case of one grand-mother, no return, they were in with both feet. I think what we are pointing out today is that this is still an incred-ibly strong relationship. I think Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER was right on target with the commentary that he offered about the reciprocal agreement here. We are not substituting anything. We are simply saying that, for those E–3s that are not utilized, Ireland will be able to take advantage of it. I again point out that this relation-ship, for as long as I can remember, has been one of the great relationships in terms of allies that we have had in the history of America. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the opportunity to speak on this bipartisan legislation spearheaded by my distinguished colleague from Wisconsin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.019 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9678 November 28, 2018 
As a G ALLAGHER in good standing, I am glad this bill will strengthen our Nation’s ties with Ireland. But just as importantly, I take a minute to recog-nize the value of the underlying E–3 visa program to the U.S.-Australia alli-ance. The E–3 visa program was negotiated in 2005 following the conclusion of the U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement. The visa is designed to give highly skilled and professional Australians ac-cess to U.S. employment in fields and trades that require specialized edu-cation and training. It is good for both the United States and Australia. About 82,000 Americans are employed by Australian businesses in the United States, for example, with an average salary of $98,000. In just one example, the very first employee of the Movember Foundation in the United States was an Australian who came over on an E–3 visa. Movember is now one of the largest nongovernment investors in prostate cancer research and services in the world, growing its footprint here in the United States as it has created jobs while doing good. This program is a tangible recogni-tion of the close and enduring partner-ship, or mateship, as we say, between the United States and Australia, which we are celebrating the 100-year anni-versary of this year. Our alliance remains one that not only drives our prosperity but our se-curity as well. As a pillar of a free and open Indo-Pacific, Australia is an in-dispensable ally in an increasingly con-tested region, and we would be wise to continue exploring new avenues to fur-ther strengthen our relationship. This legislation is an important op-portunity to expand our partnership with Ireland, while preserving the original intent of the E–3 visa program with Australia, and I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. b1715 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. I again urge every Member on both sides of the aisle to vote for this bill. I applaud the bipartisan nature of it. I applaud Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. N
EALand Mr. C HABOT for their roles in it, and this is a useful thing to do. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I just want to also thank all the folks who were previously men-tioned by my colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). This is, I think, a very good bill. It is great to see something bipartisan around here get passed; and as we are wrapping up this year and this Con-gress, it is good to see this good legis-lation being passed. I strongly encour-age my colleagues to support this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7164, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL BIBLE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to come before the House and be on the floor tonight to commemorate National Bible Week. This is an opportunity to celebrate the tremendous influence of the Bible on the freedoms we enjoy today in Amer-ica. We are truly blessed to live in a na-tion where we are free to worship and read the Holy Scriptures without fear of persecution. There are many places throughout the world where such free-doms do not exist. Americans have the right, under our wonderful system of government, to re-spect and study the Bible or any other system of belief if they so choose, or even none at all. That is the beauty of the American way, and I believe it all does go back to the Bible. In 1941, as it says on the poster here, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt declared the week of Thanksgiving to be National Bible Week. The National Bible Association and the U.S. Conference of Bishops have designated the specific days of Novem-ber 18–24, this year, as National Bible Week. This is the week set aside to rec-ognize the Bible as a foundational building block of American and West-ern civilization, the Judeo-Christian heritage, and the legacy that moti-vated and shaped the founding of the United States. In this hour, we will hear from some of my colleagues here in Congress from various faith traditions and denomina-tions speak about what the Bible means to them. We are here in keeping with tradition to recognize National Bible Week. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative L
AM-BORN , and I appreciate his intentionality in bringing us together each year to talk about this, having had that opportunity, now into my fifth term, each year to remind our-selves of the impact of the Bible. It has had a rich heritage in this country, a country that is free, a coun-try that offers liberty for all who would have personal beliefs, religious and otherwise. It even allows freedom in this country, a country that was truly established on Biblical principles, but, nonetheless, it allows freedom for people to not even have a belief or a re-ligion. I think that is the beauty of my un-derstanding of the Bible in that it is a book that offers freedom to people to come to understand it, to read it, to have it impact their lives. I can say for a fact that the Bible is more than just a book, a historical book, a book of tradition, a book of writings of religious perspective and spiritual nature; but, rather, it is a book that has changed my life. It is a book that I believe, and I believe the facts would bear it out as sincere peo-ple test it and search into the Bible to see that it is truly a book that is God- given. I remember the inscription in one of the earliest Bibles that I ever had in my possession as a young boy. It was a book, as I recollect, a Bible that was given as a reward for attendance in Sunday school, given by my teacher. I had had other Bibles that I had gotten from my family, hand-me-down Bibles that I had carried, but this, I think, was my first Bible. In that Bible inscription, it said: ‘‘This book will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from this book.’’ My friend and colleague, I think that was given by my Sunday school teach-er as, really, a point to encourage me from doing the normal thing as a young boy would do. And that I wouldn’t call sin. I would call it bad be-havior. But I know, ultimately, the Bible called it sin. I found it to be true, that as that book became part of my life, that it changed my life. While I have never achieved, to this very day—and I admit that to you—perfection yet, that Bible altered my existence. And when I did do those wrong things that the Bible calls sin, I was convicted of that and I was encouraged to change. An early verse that I remembered from the Bible came from Psalms, the Book of Psalms, Psalms 119:11, that said: ‘‘Your word I have treasured in my heart, That I may not sin against You.’’ The Bible is a practical book that is meant to change lives, to alter the way we live, to impact others as well. I think John Witherspoon, who signed the Declaration of Independ-ence, one of our earliest officials, gov-ernment officials, who happened to be a minister as well, but served his coun-try well, said: ‘‘A republic once equally poised must either preserve its virtue or lose its liberty.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.020 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9679 November 28, 2018 
I think he had the context there that virtue came from something beyond humanity. It came from, in his mind, I am certain from other readings I have read of John Whitherspoon, from his understanding of the Word of God, the Bible, that ‘‘a republic once equally poised must either preserve its virtue,’’ that virtue that comes from something outside of ourselves, greater than our-selves, and given to God, Himself, or else, without that virtue, we would lose our liberty. He probably understood the principle found in Proverbs 14:34 that said: ‘‘Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a disgrace to any people.’’ That was written in the context of a great na-tion. Righteousness built it up; sin tore it down. John Adams, another one of our great leaders who understood Scripture very well—and you just need to read his letters to his wife and his wife’s let-ters back to him, let alone his writings in relationship to our government and our Constitution—said: ‘‘Our Constitu-tion is designed only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inad-equate for any other.’’ And John Adams, in writing about what it meant to be a holy and religious people, re-ferred his life very clearly to the Bible, God’s Word. The Bible is an amazing book. It is a controversial book, to say the least. It is a comforting book. It is a chal-lenging book. It is a timeless book. And I have found it to be a book that is true, without error, and it has changed my life. Voltaire fought against the Bible in many different ways, writings and oth-erwise, and he said it would be out of existence within 100 years of his life. Yet, in approximately 50 years after Voltaire’s death, the Gutenberg Bible was printed on Voltaire’s printing press. Isaiah 40:8 says: ‘‘The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God’’—the Bible—‘‘stands forever.’’ The truth of the Bible, God’s Word, can never be forced on anyone; but when it is honestly and sincerely con-sidered, it changes lives. It changed my life, and it continues to change my im-perfect life. The Bible says, in Psalms 119, the psalmist David wrote that—the longest passage of Scripture in the entire Bible, an entire passage of Scripture, the longest, written about his love for the Bible and the Word of God. He says: ‘‘Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.’’ Ephesians 5, in the Bible, says: ‘‘Therefore, be careful how you walk, not as unwise men but as wise, making the most of your time, because the days are evil.’’ My friend, we see that all over the world today, don’t we? Evil, evil things are happening, evil people doing evil things, hateful things, hurtful things, horrific things. And none of those things are being done after the pattern of what we find in the Bible. It continues, in Ephesians, saying: ‘‘So then do not be foolish, but under-stand what the will of the Lord is.’’ And that will is found in His Word, the Bible. ‘‘Trust in the Lord,’’ Proverbs 3:5–6 says, ‘‘with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways, acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight.’’ The Bible continues to hold itself out as a straightener of paths, pointing us to the source of life and the Savior who is the ultimate message of the Bible whom to know personally is life eter-nal. I thank God for the Bible. I thank God for the opportunity even tonight to talk about the Bible in this august Chamber with my colleagues and to re-member the impact that the Bible, the Scripture, has had on this great Nation and, I trust, will continue to have on this Nation; and I offer it to any who would dare to consider its life-changing message. I thank God for the Bible. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Michigan mentioned a few things about the founding of our coun-try, and so I would like to mention this: Many of the early American set-tlers came to the New World with the express purpose of following the Bible according to the convictions of their own consciences. b1730 One of the first acts of Congress dur-ing the tumultuous beginning of our Nation was the authorization of an American-published Bible. The war with the British had cut off any supply of Bibles from England. Our Founding Fathers understood how im-portant it was for the American people to have Bibles. Robert Aitken, a private citizen, brought this need to the attention of Congress. He wrote a letter and he said: ‘‘ . . . this work is an object worthy the attention of the Congress of the United States of America, who will not neglect spiritual security, while they are virtuously contending for temporal blessings.’’ In 1782, Congress reviewed, approved, and authorized the first known English language Bible to be printed in Amer-ica, and that Congressional Resolution read: ‘‘RESOLVED, THAT the United States in Congress assembled, highly approve the pious and laudable under-taking of Mr. Aitken, as subservient to the interest of religion, as well as an instance of the progress of arts in this country, and being satisfied from the above report, of his care and accuracy in the execution of the work, they rec-ommend this edition of the Bible to the inhabitants of the United States, and hereby authorize him to publish this Recommendation in the manner he shall think proper.’’ Boy, what a great thing for Congress to do back in the 1700s. I wonder if the incoming Congress will recommend a Bible to the American people. But it was certainly an important part of the founding of our country, and I am so glad we have that heritage as a country. Mr. Speaker, I yield time to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), my colleague. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman (Mr. L
AMBORN ) for yield-ing me time. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and truly a God-given pleasure to be here tonight to speak on the 77th anniversary of Na-tional Bible Week. When you are among colleagues like we are here, 435 of us in the House of Representatives, I feel as though I am among 434 other friends and colleagues who celebrate like we do. When I was 12 years old and was en-tering confirmation, my parents pre-sented me with my first Bible. I still have it. It is white, it had a zipper. One of the most important memories I have that I can see every day when I open it up is the original signature of both my parents, who have since passed on, as they presented it to their son who was entering confirmation. The first thing I did, in the middle of the Bible there was a section where you could put in your family tree, be-cause they wanted to do that, so I wrote in my own 12-year-old hand-writing at that point the family tree. And, again, it is still in the Bible, so I get a chance not only to review the Word of God, but also remembering how that affected my family as they had persevered through the Great De-pression and World War II. But when we think about what our parents and grandparents did, and our founders did to create the country that we live in today, it is important to re-member that they did that. And we are blessed, so blessed, that we live in a country where we can study the Word of God and gather and worship freely without the threat of persecution. In a time where it seems that there is no ultimate truth, we can take comfort in knowing that the truth of the Bible is unchanging and eternal. These truths do not discriminate. They are for everyone everywhere, and today is a great example of this. Today we have Members of Congress from different regions and walks of life all coming together to celebrate the Bible as the very foundation upon which our Nation was built. This is something we must not just say, but we should live out. Micah 6:8 says: ‘‘And what does the Lord require of you, but to act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God.’’ I pray that this is a scripture that I honor not only as a Member of Con-gress, but in every day of my life. The Bible has made an indelible mark on our Nation’s history. From our founding to this very day, the Bible has helped guide, instruct, and inform those who have served in this great body. John Adams may have said it best when he said: ‘‘The Bible contains the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.023 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9680 November 28, 2018 
most profound philosophy, the most perfect morality, and the most refined policy that ever was conceived upon Earth.’’ As families in the First District of Michigan and all throughout the coun-try gather together for the holidays, let’s give thanks for our loved ones, the freedoms we have in the United States of America, and the truths of the Bible upon which our Nation was founded. And in the finest traditions of the Lutheran religion, at this point I would just like to thank the Speaker for the time and pass the peace. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for being here tonight and for all of his work in Congress. We are honored to have him as one of our colleagues. I appreciate his service as a veteran for many years in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps. Mr. Speaker, I am going to talk for a few minutes about an experience I had when I was younger, and then turn it over to another one of my colleagues. When I was 18 years old and a fresh-man at the University of Kansas, some-one asked me if I knew what the Bible was about, and I said, yeah, I know what it was about. But then I thought about it and I realized that my answer was really pretty presumptuous, be-cause I had never actually read any of it. So, Mr. Speaker, I wonder if this might be true for anyone who is listen-ing today. The only honest thing I could do at that point was to read the Bible for myself. So I started by read-ing for myself in the Gospel of John in the New Testament. When I read it, I discovered that I hadn’t known at all what the Bible was about. In that Gospel, Jesus says: ‘‘I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me.’’ And I ended up discovering a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, who be-came my Lord and savior. So, Mr. Speaker, this is what I know from personal experience: it is better to read the Bible for oneself, and not just take someone else’s word for what is in it, or something they might read on the Internet. For me, it made all of the difference in the world. My life has been totally different since then as a result. As King David says in Psalms: ‘‘The unfolding of Your words gives light, it gives understanding to the simple.’’ As we celebrate National Bible Week, we remember the importance of faith in both our private and public lives; we recognize its powerful message of hope; and we cherish the wisdom of the Bible and we thank God for providing this Holy book that has truly been, as has been said already tonight, a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our path. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed a pleasure to rise here tonight with my friends and colleagues in recognition of National Bible Week, which we cele-brated last week during the Thanks-giving holiday. It is my privilege to stand in this chamber tonight, as God has led me to be here to tell you what the Bible means to me and the impact it has had on the history of this Nation. Throughout our country, we are see-ing a distinct level of division that is evident in this very body and all across our land. In Exodus, God created the law, the Ten Commandments, and instituted a government to carry out the law, say-ing: ‘‘Appoint judges and officials for each of your tribes in every town the Lord your God is giving you, and they shall judge the people fairly . . . Fol-low justice and justice alone, so that you may live and possess the land the Lord your God is giving you.’’ Right now, I am looking at the face of Moses over the entry to this House chamber. Government was instituted by God for one purpose: to restrain evil and promote good. We must ensure that in this body and throughout our government, that we are always working toward this pur-pose. Mark 3:24 says: ‘‘If a kingdom is di-vided against itself, that kingdom can-not stand.’’ During trying times and always, we must turn to the word of our God and trust that He will lead us on a path to righteousness, as the truth can always be found in our faith in Him. And, my fellow Americans, the truth shall set you free. One of the first Scriptures I memo-rized was Joshua 1:8. It says: ‘‘This book of the law,’’ the Bible, ‘‘shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it; for then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have success.’’ I have prayed over this scripture and believe all who pray and follow the word of the Lord will be granted all the wonderful promises God has made through His word, like He has done with me and as He did with Abraham in Genesis 15:6: ‘‘Abraham believed the Lord and he credited it to Him as righteousness.’’ As I have traveled Georgia’s 12th Dis-trict, I remind folks that we are all just stewards of what God has given us and we must be obedient to God’s word to keep it. Psalms 24:1 tells us: ‘‘The Earth is the Lord’s, and everything in it, the world, and all who live in it.’’ Everything belongs to God. We must ask for God’s blessing and protection. It says that in the Bible. As we enter the Christmas season, we must all remember the importance of this day as we celebrate the birth of the savior of the world. Earlier this year, the late Billy Gra-ham lay in honor in our Capitol. I have read his inaugural prayer as a reminder every week for the past 16 years. I would like to share it with you now. ‘‘Our Father and our God, Thou hast said, ‘Blessed is that Nation whose God is the Lord.’ We recognize on this his-toric occasion that we are ‘a Nation under God.’ ‘‘We thank Thee for this torch of faith handed to us by our forefathers. May we never let it be extinguished. Thou alone hast given us our pros-perity, our freedom and our power. This faith in God is our heritage and our foundation. ‘‘Thou hast warned us in the Scrip-tures, ‘If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?’ ‘‘As George Washington reminded us in his farewell address, morality and faith are the pillars of our society. ‘‘We confess these pillars are being eroded in an increasingly materialistic and permissive society. ‘‘The whole world is watching to see if the faith of our fathers will stand the trials and tests of the hour. ‘‘Too long we have neglected Thy word and ignored Thy laws. Too long we have tried to solve our problems without reference to Thee. ‘‘Too long we have tried to live by bread alone. We have sown to the wind and are now reaping a whirlwind of crime, division, and rebellion. ‘‘And now with the wages of our sins staring us in the face, we remember Thy words, ‘If my people who are called by my Name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.’’’ My fellow Americans, this prayer was offered on the inauguration 49 years ago. As I talk to you at this time, our Na-tion, many have told me that we are at a crossroads. My prayer is this: that God has given us His word, and as far as me and my household, we shall worship the Lord. Thank you and God bless you. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his contribution to tonight’s Special Order. He mentioned a passage that was also referenced by Ronald Reagan, and let me highlight that with you, because throughout American history, many of our great leaders have turned to the Bible for guidance, hope, and faith. For instance, President Abraham Lincoln once said of the Bible, ‘‘I have but to say, it is the best gift God has given to man. All the good the savior gave to the world was communicated through this book. But for it, we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man’s welfare here and hereafter are found portrayed in it.’’ And another one of our greatest presidents, in my opinion, President Ronald Reagan, in his own National Bible Week declaration, which we are celebrating, wrote when he was in of-fice: ‘‘When I took the oath of office, I requested the Bible be opened to II Chronicles 7:14 . . . ’’ and we just heard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.024 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9681 November 28, 2018 
from that. And President Reagan went on: ‘‘ . . . which reads, ‘If my people, which are called by my Name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and forgive their sin and will heal their land.’’’ The President also said: ‘‘This pas-sage expresses my hopes for the future of this Nation and the world.’’ b1745 Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), chairman of the Agriculture Committee and a colleague of mine on the Armed Serv-ices Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time and for leading this effort tonight to recognize National Bible Week and the impor-tance of it. Mr. Speaker, above your head is em-blazoned the national motto of our country, which says, ‘‘In God we Trust.’’ We all say that quite often, but, quite frankly, we have no idea of how to trust in a God that we don’t know anything about. So the question is: How do we know God and we know we can trust Him? Mr. Speaker, we know God because the inspired Word of God is the Bible. Through the chapters of the Old Testa-ment and the New Testament, those truths are laid out by which we can know God and understand His ways, or try to understand His ways, try to un-derstand the fact that His Son came to this Earth and lived and died to save us from our sins, that we might rely on Him as our personal savior and the only gateway in which we can spend eternal life in Heaven, but is also here for us to live our daily lives day-to- day. In the truths of the Bible, we can live our lives, interact with each other, and do that in a way that is pleasing to God. John Adams wrote that only a moral and religious people can self-govern. We have enjoyed a self-governance scheme of governance now for 242 years, but that moral and religious high ground that John Adams was ref-erencing is founded in the truths of the Bible. If each of us is free to decide what is true on our own, then we are in big trouble. That is where our Nation is leading us today. We are separating ourselves from that moral high ground that is laid out in the Bible in very clear and convincing terms to our own peril. There are a lot of things going on in this Nation that God can’t bless. Most of us here tonight would argue that we are a blessed nation: blessed with re-sources, blessed with oceans on both sides that have protected us during the infancy of our Nation, blessed with hardworking people, blessings up and down the list in which God has blessed us. Are we, in fact, a blessable people? When God looks at America today, does He look at a people who are blessable or worthy of being blessed? We have things going on in our Na-tion today, Mr. Speaker, that are an abomination. We have killed 60 million babies in 45 years. God can’t long bless a nation who stays on that path of kill-ing those infants. Putting it a different way, those early children who were aborted fol-lowing Roe v. Wade would be 45 years old today. They would be at the prime of life. They would be leaders in this Nation. They would be doctors, law-yers, researchers, scientists, and others who might have made this world an en-tirely different place, a much better place than it is. But they were not al-lowed to live those lives that God had planned in the womb for each of those lives to the fullest. This Nation can’t long continue to be blessed if we stay on that path. How do you correct that? You re-claim that moral high ground by living a moral code. I live the Judeo-Christian moral code that is set forth in the Bible we are honoring tonight. Jesus Christ is my personal savior, and I will spend eter-nity in Heaven based on His death, res-urrection, and my belief in that. We as a nation must begin to turn back to that code. Each one of us have to live that code in order to reclaim that moral high ground. We can’t legis-late it in these votes in this Chamber. You can’t do it in the State capitols. You can’t do it in county commis-sioner’s courts, or you can’t do it in city council chambers. This is a deci-sion that each one of us has to make personally to make that happen. 2 Chronicles 7:14, the promise out of the Old Testament, has been referenced several times tonight. It is a promise that God has made that we can claim. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I would argue that our Nation has never been in more need of claiming that promise than we are tonight. Turning from our wicked ways is the key phrase in that passage. Obviously, seeking God’s face and praying is the next step. But we have to turn from the wicked ways, and that involves decid-ing what, in fact, is and is not wicked. The basis for that decision is in the Scriptures of the Bible, the inspired Word of God that we are honoring here tonight. My call is that we claim that promise and that we begin to lead those moral and religious lives that are required to continue to self-govern. If we don’t, then self-governance will be lost on fu-ture Americans. Think about this last idea. We cele-brated this month since the end of World War I. The last 100 years, I would argue, there has never been a nation that has done as much good for the rest of the world and asked so little in re-turn as the United States of America. I personally believe that was God’s divine mission for us as a nation, to protect liberty and freedom, the way that we have done the last 100 years. Looking at the next 100 years, Mr. Speaker, who will take up that mantle if we lay it down or it is taken away from us? Are we going to look to China, Russia, or radical Islam to pro-tect freedom and defend liberty the way we have done the last 100 years? I would argue that is not what is going to happen. If those truths are going to be de-fended and available to future genera-tions of all of us in the world, then America must reclaim the moral high ground and protect self-governance the way we must. Mr. Speaker, this is an important week. I appreciate my colleagues’ con-versations tonight. I would ask that God continue to bless each and every one of us, that God bless Texas, and that God continue to bless the United States of America. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his words and for his service to our country. The gentleman mentioned: How do we know this book is true? People put a lot of faith in it, sometimes to the point of death, but how do they know it is really true? One reason many people respect the Bible and believe it is that it has prophesied and told future events which came true exactly as foretold. In the Old Testament, there are many predictions that were given to prove that the speaker, who claimed to be a prophet, was divinely inspired so, if and when those predictions came true, it would validate the words of that prophet; if they did not come true, it showed him to be a false prophet. The Book of Daniel, for instance, contains scores of detailed prophecies that were literally fulfilled. Skeptics have fallen back to the position that Daniel must have written after the fact because those prophecies were so amaz-ingly precise and did come true. But we know, later, through history and archeology, that the Book of Dan-iel was found in its entirety in the Greek’s Septuagint version and par-tially in the Dead Sea Scrolls. Both of those predated the events that were prophesied, so those prophecies were made in advance of the historical events which came true. The rise and fall of empires, the cap-ture and destruction of cities, and the destiny of kings all were prophesied about in minute detail. This is an ex-ample where archeology and history have literally confirmed those and hun-dreds of other such prophecies as hav-ing come true, which is a validation of the truth of the Bible. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the in-coming chairman of the Republican Study Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Con-gressman L
AMBORN , for organizing this Special Order, recognizing the 77th an-nual National Bible Week in America. As we know and has been said today, this is a declaration that was first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.026 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9682 November 28, 2018 
made by President Franklin D. Roo-sevelt just weeks before the start of World War II. As we do on this occasion every year, my colleagues and I extol the virtues of the Holy Bible. It is the most widely published, widely read, most influen-tial book in all of human history. Of course, to us, as Christians, we know that it is more than just a ‘‘good book.’’ We order our lives upon this book. Indeed, as Hebrews 4:12 pro-claims: ‘‘The word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints, and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.’’ What I want to address in my brief remarks today is one of the common misconceptions that exist about the use of the Bible in our public school classrooms. This is a very practical issue that many of us have to address back home. Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, I joined with my good friend, Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry, who is a former distinguished Member of this body, to create this free joint publica-tion that we entitled, ‘‘The Louisiana Student Rights Review: Answers to Common Questions about Religious Freedom in Schools.’’ Because there are so many questions, we wanted to make a user-friendly guide for parents, teachers, coaches, school administra-tors, and school systems around our State to answer those frequently asked questions. One of the big questions we answered for all those stakeholders, interest groups, and students was this one, and it comes right out of page 4 of our pub-lication. It says: ‘‘Can the Bible and other religious texts be used appro-priately in a public school classroom?’’ This is the simple answer that we gave. We said: ‘‘Yes.’’ More than half a century ago, the U.S. Supreme Court clarified that ‘‘the Bible is worthy of study for its literary and historic qualities,’’ and that such study of the Bible or of religion, when presented objectively as part of a sec-ular program of education, is perfectly lawful when relevant and appropriate to the subject matter of the class. We cited in here the Supreme Court cases that make that very clear. There really isn’t any legal ambiguity about this at all. Unfortunately, there are a number of interest groups on the other side of this issue that engage in a campaign of fear, misinformation, and intimida-tion. They try to convince Americans and public school children all across the country that religion is somehow a bad thing, is off limits, and that you can’t have your Bible on school cam-pus, but it is just simply not true. Mr. Speaker, this is so important for everybody to understand. Contrary to widespread belief, the Bible never has been banned from pub-lic schools, and it is, indeed, an appro-priate course of study, especially to promote academic excellence and cul-tural literacy. Here is the important point. The Dic-tionary of Cultural Literacy observes this: ‘‘No one in the English-speaking world can be considered literate with-out a basic knowledge of the Bible. . . . The Bible is essential for under-standing many of the moral and spir-itual values of our culture, whatever our religious beliefs.’’ That is precisely correct. We should ask ourselves: How can students possibly be considered well educated if they have no basic under-standing of the Bible’s profound influ-ence upon the development of our country, law, politics, culture, lit-erature, music, art, history, and vir-tually every aspect of Western civiliza-tion? When the Bible is removed from classrooms, it has the effect of denying students a complete understanding of history. For this reason, as a service to the next generation of Americans, every Member of this body should strongly encourage the study of the Bible as an appropriate part of the pro-gram of education in our public and private schools all over this country. I certainly believe in that idea, and I know that all my colleagues here today would agree wholeheartedly. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gen-tleman from Colorado for arranging this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for recognizing me to speak here on this Special Order to honor National Bible Week. It starts off, for me, this way, Mr. Speaker. I will go to Psalm 139:13: ‘‘For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb.’’ God knew us all in the womb. At the moment that we were formed in our mother’s womb, from that moment of fertilization, that moment of concep-tion, He gave us life. I believe that is also the instant that He places the soul in all of us who are created in His image. Once we recognize that and we recog-nize also that our Founding Fathers understood this as well when they laid out the prioritized rights in the Dec-laration of Independence—and they prioritized these rights as the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. It wasn’t just pulling three dif-ferent words out of a grab bag and put-ting them up there in the Declaration of Independence, but, instead, they were prioritized. Our pursuit of happiness cannot trample on anyone else’s liberty or life, and exercise of our liberty cannot take someone else’s life. Life is the para-mount right, and this is natural law. It is God’s law. It is the laws of nature and nature’s God. I serve here in this Congress, and, for all the time that I have been here, the priority has always been to protect in-nocent unborn human life. That has brought about H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill. I wear this pin on my lapel, Mr. Speaker, every day because I believe it saves those lives. H.R. 490 protects every baby that can be detected with a heartbeat. If a heartbeat can be de-tected, the baby is protected. I want to announce here tonight that we are very close to being able to say that we will have a markup in the Ju-diciary Committee very soon on the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490, which protects the life of every baby with a heartbeat, a certain indicator of life. b1800 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on that im-portant and vital piece of legislation. I would now like to yield to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend very much. We have been friends a long time and brothers in Christ during all of that time. It is important to give proper rec-ognition where that recognition is due and, actually, the words of John Adams, our first Vice President under our Constitution, who wrote to Thomas Jefferson on Christmas Day 1813 and said: ‘‘I have examined all, as well as my narrow sphere, my straitened means, and my busy life would allow me; and the result is that the Bible is the best book in the world. It contains more of my little philosophy than all the libraries I have seen; and such parts of it as I cannot reconcile to my little philosophy, I postpone for future investigation.’’ It also should be noted that it was the first thing that was published. It was in 1782, the United States Congress authorized the printing and said that: ‘‘Whereupon, Resolved, That the United States in Congress assembled highly approve the pious and laudable undertaking of Mr. Aitkin, as subser-vient to the interest of religion as well as an instance of the progress of arts in this country, and being satisfied from the above report, of his care and accu-racy in the execution of the work, they recommend this edition of the Bible to the inhabitants of the United States, and hereby authorize him to publish this recommendation. . . . ‘’ That was the Bible. And even a letter from George Washington, wishing that that had been published in time that he could have made a gift to every one of the soldiers in the Revolution. But this is a statement—this is my uncle’s little New Testament. On the front, in metal, it says: ‘‘May the Lord be with you.’’ It was given to the mem-bers of the military in World War II. And inside it says: ‘‘The White House, Washington. As Commander in Chief, I take pleasure in commending the read-ing of the Bible to all who serve in the Armed Forces of the United States. Throughout the centuries, men of many faiths and diverse origins have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.028 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9683 November 28, 2018 
found in the Sacred Book words of wis-dom, counsel, and inspiration. It is a fountain of strength and now, as al-ways, an aid in attaining the highest aspirations of the human soul.’’ Signed, President Franklin D. Roo-sevelt. It was an inspiration then. It is an in-spiration now. As C.S. Lewis said: This is our messages from our home head-quarters while we are behind what he called rebel-occupied territory in this world where the prince of darkness is too often found. It has been the most quoted book in the history of Congress, and I would hope and pray that will continue. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks and his words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, ours is not the first na-tion in history to win its sovereignty through a war for independence. Many nations in the history of the world were established by rebellion against tyrannical governments. The beginning of most of these rebel-lions can be identified by a single, pre-dominant leader who, through their in-fluence, inspired people to follow their cause. But the founding of the United States of America is unique because there wasn’t one, but hundreds of influencers who led their towns, coun-ties, and colonies towards independ-ence. Ironically, while America’s fight for independence centered on the idea of liberty for each individual, it was a col-lective body of influencers who rallied around a common cause that sparked the flames of liberty. That common cause was a bond, a strong belief in the moral and spiritual authority of the Bible. As a newly formed nation, America’s future faced numerous internal and ex-ternal obstacles. The concern of sus-taining our new Nation didn’t grow over time, but was an immediate con-cern of our Founders. According to Maryland delegate Dr. James McHenry, as the delegates were emerging from the Constitutional Con-vention at Independence Hall, a lady asked Dr. Benjamin Franklin: ‘‘Dr. Franklin, what have we got, a republic or a monarchy.’’ ‘‘A Republic,’’ replied the doctor, ‘‘if you can keep it.’’ You see, Benjamin Franklin was well aware of how fragile our new govern-ment was. Just a few weeks earlier, when it appeared that the Constitu-tional Convention was in jeopardy of falling apart, Benjamin Franklin stood and reminded the delegates that there was one thing missing in their delib-erations. Franklin said: ‘‘The small progress we have made after 4 or 5 weeks . . . is methinks a melancholy proof of the imperfection of the human under-standing. How has it happened, sir, that we have not hitherto once thought of humbly applying to the Father of lights to illuminate our under-standings? . . . I have lived, sir, a long time, and the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth, that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, is it prob-able that an empire can rise without His aid? We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writings, that ‘except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it.’ I firmly believe this; and I also believe that without his concurring aid we shall succeed in this political building no better than the builders of Babel.’’ Mr. Speaker, if our Nation, as Ben-jamin Franklin defined it, could not have been founded without the guid-ance and divine intervention of God, then how can we sustain it if we as a government have abandoned these ideas and principles? The answers for every challenge we face today as a nation isn’t within the Halls of Congress. It is not in the White House or in the Supreme Court. The answer to these challenges exist in the pages of the sacred text, of this ancient book, which is as relevant today as it was for generations that preceded us. The sooner we get back to these basic principles, Mr. Speaker, the sooner we can restore the promises of freedom, equality, and liberty for everyone. Mr. Speaker, ours is not the first nation in history to win its sovereignty through a war for independence, many nations in the history of the world were established by rebellion against tyrannical governments. The begin-nings of most rebellions can be identified by a single, predominate leader who, through their influence, inspired the people to follow their cause. In ancient Israel, it was King David, for Scotland it was William Wallace, England had Cornwallis and France had Napoleon Bona-parte. But the founding of the United States of America is unique because there was not one, but hundreds of influencers who lead their towns, counties and colonies towards inde-pendence. Ironically, while America’s fight for inde-pendence centered on the idea of liberty for the individual, it was a collective body of influencers who rallied around a common cause that sparked the flames of liberty. How-ever, there was a common thread that bound our Founders together. That bond was a strong belief in the moral and spiritual author-ity of the Bible. Our Founders and national leaders strongly held the belief that religion, morality, principles and virtue were the pillars of our society and the strength of our government. They also rec-ognized that the knowledge and understanding of our national heritage, and its Biblical foun-dations, were also of the utmost importance in sustaining our young nation. As a newly formed nation, America’s future faced numerous internal and external obsta-cles. The concern of sustaining our new nation didn’t grow over time but was an immediate concern of our Founders. According to Mary-land delegate, Dr. James McHenry, as the del-egates were emerging from Independence Hall at the close of the Constitutional Conven-tion, ‘‘A lady asked Dr. Franklin Well Doctor what have we got a republic or a monarchy. A republic replied the Doctor if you can keep it.’’ Benjamin Franklin was well aware of how fragile our government would be if separated from the religious and moral foundations on which it was built. Just a few weeks earlier, when it appeared that the Constitutional Con-vention was in jeopardy of falling apart, Ben-jamin Franklin stood and reminded the dele-gates that there was one thing missing in their deliberations. Franklin said; ‘‘The small progress we have made after four or five weeks, . . . is methinks a melan-choly proof of the imperfection of the Human Understanding . . . How has it happened, Sir, that we have not hitherto once thought of humbly applying to the Father of lights to illu-minate our understandings? . . . ‘‘I have lived, Sir, a long time, and the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth—that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid? We have been assured, Sir, in the sacred writings, that ‘‘except the Lord build the House they labor in vain that build it.’’ I firmly believe this; and I also believe that without his concur-ring aid we shall succeed in this political build-ing no better than the Builders of Babel:’’ Mr. Speaker, if our nation, as Benjamin Franklin defined it, could not have been found-ed without the guidance and divine interven-tion of God, then how can we sustain it if we, as a government, have abandoned these ideas and principles? Over the period of the last year, I have had first-hand experience of crime and violence. Our nation has been inundated with acts of evil and violence over the past several years and it seems to me that the most immediate reaction by some of our elected representa-tives, especially those in Congress, is to cre-ate more laws. However, according to one of our Founders, Benjamin Rush, creating more law is the wrong approach to end crime and violence. Benjamin Rush, was a signer of the Dec-laration of Independence, a physician, and ed-ucator but he is best known as the ‘‘Father of Public Schools.’’ Benjamin Rush advised us ‘‘In contemplating the political institutions of the United States, I lament that we waste so much time and money in punishing crimes, and take so little pains to prevent them. We profess to be republicans and yet we neglect the only means of establishing and perpet-uating our republican forms of government; that is, the universal education of our youth in the principles of Christianity by means of the Bible.’’ According to Benjamin Rush, the best way to avoid violence and crime is to teach moral-ity to our children. However, Benjamin Rush wasn’t the only advocate of teaching biblical principles in our schools. The author of the preamble of our Constitution, Gouverneur Mor-ris also believed in the importance of teaching the Bible as a core subject in America’s schools, he stated ‘‘Religion is the only solid basis of good morals; therefore education should teach the precepts of religion and the duties of man towards God.’’ Today, we have not only veered away from teaching these ideas in our schools, in some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.030 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9684 November 28, 2018 
school systems even the very mention of the Bible will prompt a rash of court challenges. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to note that these lawsuits claim that the use of the Bible or prayers in our schools violates the ‘‘establish-ment clause’’ of the first Amendment of the Constitution. However, it is ironic that the au-thor of the freedom of religion clause, Fisher Ames, stated; ‘‘Should not the Bible regain the place it once held as a schoolbook? Its morals are pure, its examples are captivating and noble....  I n  n o  Book is there so good English, so pure and so elegant, and by teaching all the same they will speak alike, and the Bible will justly remain the standard of language as well as of faith.’’ Mr. Speaker, our Founders believed that the Bible played an important role in education, but they also believed it was a foundation of our government. As the second President of these United States, John Adams, often spoke of the importance that religion and morality holds in our national government. In a speech to officers of the Massachusetts militia Adams explained that, ‘‘We have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and reli-gion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords of our Con-stitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ In a letter to Thomas Jefferson, John Adams reiterates the principles on which our nation was established, and the basis of our moral guidelines was the Bible. Adams wrote ‘‘I have examined all religions, as well as my narrow sphere, my straightened means, and my busy life, would allow; and the result is that the Bible is the best Book in the world. It contains more philosophy than all the libraries I have seen.’’ Thomas Jefferson also acknowledged that the Bible was the source of the standards of moral conduct for America; he wrote ‘‘Of all the systems of morality, ancient or modern, which have come under my observation, none appear to me so pure as that of Jesus.’’ The importance of the Bible and its moral foundations was not just limited to the Execu-tive and Legislative branches. John Jay, the first Chief Justice of the United States Su-preme Court expressed his sentiments on the importance of a society that holds to Biblical principles. The most effective way to preserve peace among the people of our nation and to avoid war with others, Jay wrote, ‘‘. . . is by extending the prevalence and influence of the gospel. Real Christians will abstain from vio-lating the rights of others, and therefore will not provoke war . . .’’ I think it is most appropriate to conclude my remarks, by using the words of another influ-ential American, Noah Webster. Webster is most known for his contributions to early American education and is considered the ‘‘Schoolmaster to America’’ and the ‘‘Father of American Scholarship and Education.’’ Noah Webster admonished us to, ‘‘. . . not forget the religious character of our origin. Our fathers were brought hither by their high ven-eration for the Christian religion. They jour-neyed by its light, and labored in its hope. They sought to incorporate its principles with the elements of their society, and to diffuse its influence through all their institutions, civil, po-litical, or literary. Let us cherish these senti-ments, and extend this influence still more widely; in full conviction that that is the happiest society which partakes in the highest degree of the mild and peaceful spirit of Chris-tianity.’’ The answers for every challenge we face today as a nation isn’t within the halls of Con-gress, in the White House or in the Supreme Court. The answer to these challenges exists in the pages of the sacred texts of this ancient text that is as relevant to us today, as it was for the generations that have preceded us. The sooner that we get back to these basic principles, the sooner we can restore the promises of freedom, equality and liberty for everyone. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Colorado, D
OUGLAMBORN , for yielding to me. As we celebrate the 77th annual Na-tional Bible Week, I want to remind you that it falls on the same week as Thanksgiving, a very appropriate time for a book that I am very, very thank-ful for, a book that men like William Tyndale died for. He was burned at the stake simply for translating the Bible into English. I come to the floor today to speak on what the Bible means to me. Simply put, the Bible means every-thing to me. It has shaped the way that I live my life. It has helped me serve the people of the 36th District of Texas through two terms. It has not always been an easy job, but through the trials and hard days, I find comfort in the words from some of my favorite Scriptures. The same is true on the good days. I rejoice that the Lord has chosen me to serve in such a time as this. Our country was founded on great principles, many of which are Scrip-tural. Our Founders wanted this coun-try to have a strong Judeo-Christian faith. We see this truth throughout our Constitution and through the writings of the time: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are cre-ated equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness,’’ one of the most profound phrases in our Declaration of Independence that acknowledged God’s role in our found-ing. America was founded on our cov-enant with our Lord, and that covenant is spelled out in the only written record that we have of these great truths, and that is the Bible. It saddens me to see our country moving away from these great prin-ciples who many consider passe. It is a roadmap for our lives if we would look. These same principles have allowed our country to endure war, division, and depression. I worry about the future of my 14 beautiful grandchildren if we as a na-tion do not return to the Bible as it continues to weather the test of time. It is the only one thing that we as Christians have that is divinely in-spired, perfect in every way, immu-table, never changing, and never will. Its principles and teachings can be applied to every season, every year, and throughout every stage of our lives. It also gives us a picture of the perfect love and the perfect sacrifice of our Savior. John 3:16 tells us: ‘‘God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.’’ We all fall short in sin. None are per-fect, but no matter how egregious the sin, through Jesus, we are all forgiven. There are no words to express every-thing that the Bible has done for my life. From my youth to my marriage, to my time raising my family in east Texas, my career as a dentist and my time here as a Congressman, I have re-lied on the God-inspired words in both the Old and New Testament to guide me and teach me, and it has never let me down. I will leave you with an encouraging verse from Job in the Old Testament, that our souls are indeed eternal: 
For I know that my Redeemer lives, And He shall stand at last on the Earth; And after my skin is destroyed, this I know, That in my flesh I shall see God, Whom I shall see for myself, And my eyes shall behold, and not another. How my heart yearns within me. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman L
AM-
BORN for setting aside this Special Order. We are following up National Bible Week, so as the listeners know, Na-tional Bible Week is the week sur-rounding Thanksgiving. Why is National Bible Week relevant to us today? As those of us who look at America and see storm clouds ahead, we have got to remember John Adams’ statement: ‘‘Our Constitution was only for a moral religious people. It is whol-ly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ We have to remember, if we are going to continue to enjoy the benefits we have of our Constitution, we must one more time become that moral and reli-gious people who John Adams warned us we had to be. One more quote from John Adams on the Bible: ‘‘A society that adopted the Bible as its only law book and lived ac-cording to its precepts would be a uto-pia.’’ So, clearly, by a moral and religious people, John Adams meant a people who believe in the Bible. Now, which parts of the Bible did our forefathers look at? There are quotes all over the place from our forefathers in the Bible. It kind of surprised me a couple of years ago when I found out that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO7.017 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9685 November 28, 2018 
book in the Bible that our forefathers quoted the most was Deuteronomy. How often, when you hear somebody quote a Bible verse, do they turn to Deuteronomy? Not very often. Why did our forefathers turn to Deu-teronomy? Because the rules and the buildup to the founding of Israel took place in the Book of Deuteronomy, which may have largely been by Moses himself. And I will point out in the room that we are right now, we have a relief of Moses. We have 30-some reliefs of var-ious great thinkers throughout society in this room, but whoever put together this room in the Capitol put Moses in the head position overlooking this Chamber. Now, I will encourage listeners out there, including clergy, as they reflect on National Bible Week, to read a book of the Bible you usually don’t read. Read Deuteronomy. Tell your con-gregation about it. It was the book that I think our forefathers felt should be read so that we could duplicate the Jewish republic, which was soon to be founded, because I think our fore-fathers wanted America to be a coun-try blessed by God as well. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman L
AMBORN one more time for setting aside this time on National Bible Week. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his remarks on Deuteronomy which con-tains, among others, the passages, the reciting of the Ten Commandments. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado, D
OUGLAMBORN , for yielding. He is one of the buckles of the Bible Belt in Colo-rado and in our country, and I thank him for this time. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the 77th annual National Bible Week, as so many of my colleagues are doing this evening. The late Reverend Billy Graham from my home State of North Carolina was put to rest just down this hallway earlier this year. We are grateful for his life and for what he meant to our home State in North Carolina. He said: ‘‘Being a Christian is more than just an instantaneous conversion. It is a daily process whereby you grow to be more and more like Christ.’’ Well, what does the daily process that Reverend Graham is referring to here look like? And how do we obtain a life that looks more and more like Christ daily? I believe the answer is found, in part, by daily thought and meditation on the Word of God, and I wholeheartedly be-lieve 2 Timothy 3:16 and 17, that says: ‘‘All Scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete, equipped for every good work.’’ We also know that the Word of God is alive, so my colleagues have referred to this verse in Hebrews 4:12, which says: ‘‘For the word of God is alive and ac-tive. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and the spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and the atti-tudes of the heart.’’ b1815 I could go on and on. But, again, I want to say how important this book is to me. For those who are in need of strength and direction, if they went to the middle, they will find the Psalms. If they go just to the right, they will find the Proverbs. Proverbs 3:5–6: ‘‘Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make straight your paths.’’ Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here to stand in belief and on behalf of the greatest book of the history of the world, the Bible. There is absolutely no book ever that has had a greater impact on my life and continues to have the greatest im-pact on my life. Every day here in Con-gress, I begin with time in God’s Word, every day before coming to this Cham-ber and other meetings and responsibil-ities. As a pastor for 25-plus years, it has been the greatest honor of my life to teach God’s Word week in and week out, to proclaim the principles of spir-itual liberty and freedom that comes from a personal relationship with Jesus Christ and the fact that he died for us and rose again. The good news, as it is referred to in the Scripture, is the greatest news the world has ever had. The Bible has also had an amazing impact in our country. Right here in this Chamber, as has been referenced already this evening from some of my other colleagues, Robert Aitken came here from Scotland. He migrated here to Philadelphia and started a news-paper. He later became the publishing company that recorded the Journals of both the House and the Senate. Then he requested that this Chamber publish the Bible in English, which this Cham-ber voted to do in September of 1782. This Chamber encouraged the citi-zens of this country to read the Bible. It became the Bible of the American Revolution. I believe today that this Chamber, this country, would be well served, bet-ter served, if we would take the teach-ings of Scripture. Things like not to view ourselves and esteem ourselves more highly as we ought, but to esteem others as more important than our-selves; Scriptures like the Golden Rule, to treat others the way we want to be treated; to not be overcome with evil but to overcome evil with good, all these are found in the Word of God. These issues that we face today can-not be answered from the wisdom of these Halls, but they can be found only as we submit ourselves, once again, to the truths of God’s Word. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for giving this opportunity and leading this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire from the Speaker how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). The gentleman from Colo-rado has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank everyone who came here. I ap-preciate their great comments. Thousands of years ago, Isaiah said: ‘‘The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God stands for-ever.’’ Civilizations have come and gone; people have come and gone; and gen-erations have come and gone. Here we are in the year 2018 still celebrating, commemorating, and depending on the Bible, the Word of God. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
STANDING AGAINST THE TIDE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise with a sense of awe and gratitude that God and the voters have permitted me to be a Member of this body, the House of Representatives, for the last 30 years. At least for me, my time here has permitted me the oppor-tunity to earn a living by advocating policies and programs that I believed would improve the well-being of the American people and would be con-sistent with the ideals and principles of our country, the United States of America. I came here after spending 7 years as a senior speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan as well as 2 years of that in the Reagan White House as a special assistant to the President. My experiences in the Reagan White House gave me valuable understandings of many issues of the day as well as con-tacts that, over the years, I put to good use. The longer I have been here in Washington, the more appreciative I am for the leadership and policies of President Ronald Reagan. When he left office 30 years ago, our economy was strong; the Cold War was ending as the Soviet Union disinte-grated; and Ronald Reagan handed over to our generation, a new generation of Americans, a country with an upward trajectory and with tremendous poten-tial. He restored to America that sense of optimism that is so much a part of our character. It was an honor to have served at his side in the White House, and, yes, I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.031 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9686 November 28, 2018 
proud to have served with the men and women in this Congress from all over our country who represented both America’s diversity and dedication to high values. Yes, looking back, I am disappointed that our government while I have been here did not achieve all that was pos-sible. But at the same time, I think both Republicans and Democrats in this House of Representatives can be proud of what has been accomplished both nationally, and, yes, what they have accomplished back home in try-ing to meet the needs of their people, trying to make sure that their own citizens were served, thus making America a better place not just from the top down here in Washington but from the bottom up as well. I know many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle care deeply about their own constituents and have spent so much time, when they could have been with their own families, helping the families who have elected them to come to Con-gress. I cannot think of a life I would rather have lived, the highs and the lows; the idealism and the pragmatism; the cour-age and the weakness; the disappoint-ments, and, yes, the joyous outcomes that I have seen here as part of this liv-ing institution in its 230 years of legis-lative service to the people of the United States. Since our country’s government was established back in 1789, fewer than 11,000 individuals have served in the United States House of Representa-tives. Davy Crockett was one of them, me-morialized as a fierce frontiersman who later died a heroic death battling for Texas independence at the Alamo. I found his courage under fire here as a Member of Congress to be much more inspiring than his accomplishments on the battlefield. Yes, we should look at Andrew Jack-son and Davy Crockett and what hap-pened between those two. The fact is, Davy Crockett was elected to Congress as a supporter of Andrew Jackson when he ran for President. In fact, as a fierce Indian fighter, he was expected to be at Andrew Jackson’s side. Jackson was a man who had won many military bat-tles, and many of those military bat-tles were fought and his victories were brought on by the fact that he had a large number of American Indians as part of his battle group, part of his Army. He promised those Indians who had fought with him at the various battles, against other Indian tribes and against the British at the Battle of New Orle-ans, that they, too, would be part of our country. Davy Crockett was there when those promises were made. Later, when Davy Crockett came here to this body, to this Congress, and Andrew Jackson betrayed those men and women—those Americans who hap-pened to be American Indians—when he betrayed them, Davy Crockett would have nothing to do with it. Davy Crockett stood firm, and, yes, it was memorialized in the Walt Disney se-ries. As we were young, we saw that. But that did not capture the essence of what happened at that time. David Crockett, the man who was the Indian fighter, elected there by the people of his State to come here and support President Jackson, stood against that President, and he stood for integrity, honor, courage, and truthfulness. He got up before the Con-gress and opposed the Indian Exclusion Act that had been supported by Andrew Jackson. For that, one would think, that tre-mendous show of courage, people would admire David Crockett and say: Look, what a great thing. He is standing up against a very powerful man with pow-erful interest groups even in his own district. Yes, there were powerful interest groups in his own district who wanted to steal the land of the American Indi-ans who lived there. David Crockett, thus, in his next election, was defeated. Then David Crockett, of course, hav-ing been defeated in Congress, having his own people turned against him and not willing to stand up with him, went on to Texas where he then, through acts of physical courage, not just the ones that he exemplified on the floor of the House, showed the physical courage at the Battle of the Alamo. As I say, we Americans should take at least as much pride, if not more pride, in that stand that he took in Congress against the Indian Exclusion Act, which was a betrayal of the Amer-ican Indians. When I got to Congress, I looked for the speech that David Crockett gave. I could not find it in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD . I could not find it anywhere. Apparently, Andrew Jackson or some powerful person had actually pushed that aside so people wouldn’t be able to find it. I had my staff look for it and finally found a copy in the Library of Con-gress. I had my staff give that to me. It was a rendition of that speech that Davy Crockett gave, and I had that put into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . During my time here in the people’s House, as we like to call ourselves, I am proud that I, too, have stood against the tide when it was sweeping in the wrong direction. Yes, when you stand against the tide, when you stand against a direction in which people are making a profit, sometimes people whose egos are at stake on certain issues, you make enemies. But I have always thought, and I be-lieve even to this day, Members of Con-gress should not be afraid to make en-emies, because if you are making an enemy, yes, you may have to suffer some personal consequences. But if you aren’t making some people, even pow-erful people, mad at you, you are not doing your job. You are not going to change things. It is much better for people to stand up and take that punishment, because what the American people want us to do is to stand up for principle and what we think is right. If we later lose, we have done what we thought was right. I would love and hope that, someday, I do something that would make me have any type of recognition as some-one who did take several stands while a Member of Congress that added great difficulty to my life. Most recently, I have felt that. During the time that I was with Ron-ald Reagan and before, I had a posi-tion—as Davy Crockett did as an In-dian fighter—I was in a position as one of the fierce warriors of the Cold War. I was never in the U.S. military, but I did do things in Vietnam during the Vietnam war and behind the Iron Cur-tain as well as other activities that I did to fight against communism. During my time in the Reagan White House, I worked with the President on many of his bold statements and worked with people in developing what they call the Reagan Doctrine, which enabled our country to defeat the So-viet Union and bring it down without having a direct conflict between U.S. troops and Soviet troops. I thought that was a tremendous accomplish-ment. I am proud to have been part of the development of that doctrine, and I brought that knowledge with me here to Congress. But after the fall of communism, after the disintegration of the Soviet Union, I believed that it was time that we were working for peace. Ronald Reagan always talked about peace through strength. The goal was not strength; the goal was peace. I felt that we needed to go and reach out to try to find ways of working with Russia and to try to meet more of our mutually beneficial goals, but also goals that would be achievable and helpful to the entire world. We needed to do that, and Russia was in turmoil. I might just note that there were some people who didn’t share my desire to try to bring Russia into the family of nations and wanted to continue to treat Russia as a pariah and also try to have American policy be unrelenting hostility toward anything that Russia would do. Communism was our enemy; the Russian people were not. Ronald Reagan reached out to Gorba-chev. Ronald Reagan did have an iron fist, and he helped the freedom fighters against those Soviet-backed regimes. But at the same time, he reached out to the Russian leadership and the Rus-sian people. b1830 Over these last few years there have been very powerful segments here in Washington, D.C., who want to reignite the Cold War. They want war with Rus-sia. I have tried to stand firm and be reasonable, but it has made me very powerful enemies. But I am proud that I made that stand, and I think the American people want us to cooperate with Russia where it is mutually bene-ficial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.033 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9687 November 28, 2018 
I have been over and over again la-beled Putin’s favorite Congressman. That is absolutely absurd. I will say right now I believe that everything I have ever done in this body has been based on my love of my country and thinking of what would be good for the people of the United States. In this case, working with Russia in order to defeat radical Islamic terrorists who threaten us was the right thing to do. The same with maybe working with India, Japan, and Russia, and these other countries. But instead, we have had just, as I say, an unrelenting effort on the part of some powerful interests to keep America and Russia in a hos-tile situation. We should be able to talk to people and try to work out dif-ferences, rather than trying to estab-lish something that would lead to armed conflict eventually. So I have taken a lot of hits on that and I con-sider that to be the right thing to do. Over the years, of course, I am very grateful for other things that I have been able to play a role in and actually succeeded in. For example, when I first came here 30 years ago, we had a Democratic majority. But later, when we won a Republican majority, I was granted—and I was in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee—I was granted the chairmanship of the Space Subcommittee in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. That was the prime subcommittee in science. I oversaw America’s space pro-gram for 8 years. I am very proud and grateful that I had the opportunity in those 8 years to make a lasting difference in the way America’s space program has been con-figured. Before then, it was always just government employees, bureaucrats, NASA, and military space ventures. There wasn’t a commercial space in-dustry. I made sure, when I had a challenge of balancing the budget here, knowing that the way to bring more money was to encourage the private sector to in-vest. I worked on and I passed legisla-tion designed to help promote commer-cial space activities here in the United States. I am very proud of what we have accomplished. But now we have Blue Origin, SpaceX, Virgin Galactic. There are 10 or 20 different space programs that are at work today. And we have vast plans that are being made by private compa-nies to develop space. For example, to develop observation of the Earth and monitoring satellites that will help us. Look at what we are doing with guid-ance systems now, our GPS systems, et cetera. I am very, very honored and pleased and grateful that God gave me and this Congress gave me in those 8 years the right to be chairman of that committee and be part of this type of change for the better that now is reaping good benefits for our country and the world. I also have been very active while here on science and technology issues. For example, the patent issue. Many people don’t even look at patents. They yawn when you say it. But the fact is, Americans have had the benefit of the strongest patent system in the world. And thus our investors, from the very Constitution where the patent law was written into our Constitution, have had that benefit of our creative genius and of our people being protected in order that they can be nurtured. Thus, the number one development of new technology in the world has come from Americans. I have for the last 20 years, at least— maybe 25 years now—been one to de-feat and champion the cause of the in-dividual inventor in America. Amer-ican people aren’t interested in some-thing that complicated. It is hard for them to understand that multinational corporations, many of them headed by Americans, have been trying to under-cut the patent system in our country. I am also very proud that during my time here and being recognized as Ron-ald Reagan’s special assistant when I left the White House, my conservative credentials gave me the authority and gave me the ability to talk to conserv-ative people throughout the country— and, yes, throughout the House and the Senate—on the issue of cannabis. The fact is, marijuana created an il-lusion of disruption and of decadence in the American peoples’ minds, because in the late sixties the use of marijuana was so public and it was identified as something with hippies and people who didn’t like American culture. Well, the fact is, cannabis has tre-mendous service to give to the people of our country who are suffering from various maladies. Older people, senior people, now some of the greatest peo-ple, are utilizing cannabis—that is, marijuana—in order to cure some of the problems they face as seniors: the aches, the pains, the lack of an appe-tite, and things such as that. We understand that there are chil-dren who are suffering, when before, no one was able to think that cannabis might be a cure for the seizures of young people; or, who would have ever suspected that this opioid epidemic, where some people claim the use of drugs and opiates started with can-nabis? No. What we are finding out now is can-nabis is not a gateway door into the use of opiates. It is instead a way out. It is a way that cannabis can actually be used to break the addiction of opi-ates in our country. These are things where there was never any research done. I am very proud that, with my conservative cre-dentials, I can talk to a number of my Republican colleagues to join with al-most all of my Democratic colleagues and vote to permit the States to decide whether or not cannabis would be legal or illegal in their State for the medical use of marijuana. That has brought a great change over the last 6 years since my amendment— first, the Rohrabacher-Hinchey, then Rohrabacher-Farr—and now, over these 6 years, it is a $6 billion industry now. That is $6 billion not going to the drug cartels in Mexico. That is $6 billion of which can be spent helping people, rather than trying to put someone in jail for consuming a weed, using all the money for law enforcement, jails, judges’ time, and police time, rather than trying to protect the American people. What a waste. My colleagues joined with me in that. I think that has been a wonderful accomplishment that I am very, very proud of and very grateful that I had the opportunity to be here and express that in debate and to reach out to my fellow Congressmen here from both sides of the aisle and mobilize a major-ity that got that passed so that the Federal Government cannot supersede State law now, when it comes to med-ical marijuana. Also, one of the things that I guess is something that is people don’t know much at all, but during my time before Congress and during my time during the Reagan years, I was deeply in-volved with various insurgency groups that were trying to defeat the Soviet Union, bring down the Soviet Union. Part of that is I was able to get to know the leadership of the mujahideen who were fighting Soviet troops in Af-ghanistan. In fact, I went to Afghani-stan and I fought with troops and the mujahideen and fought against Soviet soldiers at the Battle of Jalalabad. Yes, I had that type of experience. Later, when our Pakistani friends and our Saudi friends betrayed us and betrayed the people of Afghanistan by supporting the creation of the Taliban, a radical Islamic terrorist organization our Saudi friends and our Pakistani friends created, I continued to go to Af-ghanistan during that time period, while I was here in the Congress, and meet with the warlords that I had met with during the time that we were fighting the Soviet Union. One of them, Commander Massoud, who I met on a number of occasions, was murdered 3 days before 9/11. I knew he had been tipped off by other con-tacts that I had in Afghanistan that there was an attack being planned on the United States. They said: You will know that it is going to happen when something major happens in Afghani-stan that will change the political bal-ance. It is a signal that the attack will go forward. I went all over this city when I real-ized that Commander Massoud was murdered 3 days before 9/11, that was the signal to move forward on this at-tack on the United States. I tried to warn our administration. I tried to warn everyone in the city. No one would listen. Then, I had a wonderful thing happen in my life. Actually, after 9/11, people did start to listen. Of course, they did. They remembered: D
ANAROHRABACHER  was trying to warn us about this. And all of this is happening without public view. The public never saw any of this. But I was able then to talk to various people in our government at high levels 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.036 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9688 November 28, 2018 
of positions and outline for them how we should proceed. Our own military, our Defense Department wanted to send 100,000 American troops or more into a frontal attack—an attack from Pakistan in the northwest provinces— into Afghanistan. I was horrified when I heard this. I knew that territory. It is the most anti-American territory on the planet. Our military would have been slaugh-tered or at least holed up in fortress cities like the Russians had been. It was a horrible thing. I thank God that I had this oppor-tunity, because I went to the powers that be and I told them: You can’t do this. This is wrong. They said: What do we do? I managed to get ahold of General Dostum and other ‘‘warlords’’ in Af-ghanistan to enlist them, and the President of the United States, when given the alternative of using the war-lords with special forces teams and U.S. air power versus sending in hun-dreds of thousands of American troops, our President chose to use Afghans in what they called the Northern Alli-ance, which I helped create with a team of people—Charlie Santos, Paul Behrends, and other friends who had been working with me in Afghanistan over the years—and helped us put that together and the President decided to go in that direction. I would rec-ommend the book on the horse sol-diers: ‘‘12 Strong.’’ There is a movie out. It is about that first special forces team and General Dostum. I believe that I was able that day, by convincing the authorities to go in that direction, to save thousands and thousands of American soldiers’ lives. How demoralizing would it have been if we had not succeeded in a counter-attack after 9/11? Finally, let me mention a couple of things in passing that are those things that I discussed that give me pride and that I remember; what really also is most heartwarming to someone who is a Member of Congress is what he or she has been able to do for our own con-stituents. As I say, whether you are Repub-licans or Democrats, we know our job is to help our people. Nobody else is going to help our people, except us. We care about them. Jack Kemp used to say: They won’t care what you say un-less they know that you care about them. Unless you can show them you care, they don’t care about what you say. I never met a Democratic or Re-publican that didn’t love his constitu-ents or try to help them. During the time period that I have been a Member of Congress, we had a flood control project. I know that sounds not so great here. But the fact is, we had a flood control project in Or-ange County that basically saved maybe billions of dollars in flood insur-ance costs for homeowners in my area in Orange County. The flood threat was going where people’s lives would have been at stake. I worked on that and I made sure when I first got here and worked with other Members of Congress—Democrat Members of Congress, because it was a Democrat Congress—to help complete that project. That is the type of bipar-tisanship we are capable of. We have a water reclamation project in Orange County. It is the most high- tech water system in the world. We had a big drought over these last few years, but Orange County was the one county that stood alone in not being hurt dra-matically because we had a system we invested in. I brought people from all over the world to see that technology, and I was able to work with our locals to make that happen. b1845 I was able, over my years, to help veterans who were being stood up, vet-erans who were not getting the service they needed. They felt helpless. They were, some of them, sick, psycho-logically wounded by the service that they had provided, yet we were not helping them. My office has helped hundreds of these men and women who were in des-perate need of someone to care for them. That is a memory now, a good memory, and I know my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, do that. And we have changed the rules so that now the Veterans Administration has to be more caring. They have to make sure these people are being taken care of. I am very proud, again, of the bipar-tisan approach on these issues of human caring for our own constitu-ents, making America a better place from the bottom up instead of from the top down. Let me just note that there are hun-dreds of people in my district who would have lost their homes about 10 years ago when we had an economic up-heaval. People remember the Great Re-cession. Well, yes, things got really bad, and people were losing their homes. We established a program, and we helped over 500 people in Orange County, in my district, to save their homes, families that would have lost everything. Thank God that I was permitted to be a Member of this body, because I know each and every one of us were doing things like that to help those in need. I have gone to help as many seniors who are having trouble with bureauc-racy, with Social Security; and I have also tried to do my best over the years to work with organizations, organiza-tions that add to the benefit and that add to the strength, the moral strength as well as every other strength of our system, organizations, whether they are the Rotary Club or whether they are the Boy Scouts of America. I have pinned on hundreds, if not thousands, of Eagle Scout pins for all of the Scouts for these last 30 years that I have been a Member of Congress representing Orange County. So we must be loyal, basically, to these local people, these people who have elected us. That is our job. Our job is to watch out for them, for their interests. I have one last note, and that is this: When we look at the immigration issue, I would hope that we do so with respect for each other and under-standing that people have good hearts on both sides. But I know that, in my heart, my main job right now—and it has been for every Member of this House—should be to watch out for what is in the best interests of the American people. Those people who would like to come here illegally, I am sorry. We already provide for a million people to come here legally. We have to make sure the policies we set for immigration are what are in the interests of the people of the United States, and the same with our foreign policy. I want to say that I am grateful that God has given me the opportunity and the voters have given me the oppor-tunity these last 30 years to try to serve in the interests of my people, of the people of our country, and of those ideals our Founding Fathers and Moth-ers put in place when they risked all in the American Revolution back in 1776. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 48 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2140 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) at 9 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–1054) on the resolution (H. Res. 1160) providing for consider-ation of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park lo-cated in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field as an affiliated area of the Na-tional Park System, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28NO7.037 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9689 November 28, 2018 
of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 390. An act to provide relief for vic-tims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. H.R. 4254. An act to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 26, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 606. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1209. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2979. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3230. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4890. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4913. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Mary-land, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4946. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Of-fice.’’ H.R. 4960. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 5349. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5504. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5737. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Cap-tain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’. H.R. 5868. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’. H.R. 5935. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’. H.R. 6116. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’. Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on November 27, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 5784. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Of-fice Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6980. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter stating that the data needed to complete the report on the amount of Department of Defense pur-chases from foreign entities in FY 2018 is not yet available, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 8305; Public Law 104-201, Sec. 827 (as amended by Public Law 111-350, Sec. 3); (124 Stat. 3833); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6981. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Affordable Housing Program Amendments (RIN: 2590- AA83) received November 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6982. A letter from the Acting Director, Di-rectorate of Construction, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Cranes and Derricks in Construction: Operator Qualification; [Dock-et ID: OSHA-2007-0066] (RIN: 1218-AC96) re-ceived November 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 6983. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Re-port [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0598; FRL-9986-76- Region 3] received November 21, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6984. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Logan Nonattainment Area Fine Particulate Matter State Implementation Plan for Attainment of 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R08-OAR-2016-0585; FRL-9986-14-Region 8] received November 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6985. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pyrifluquinazon; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0971; FRL- 9977-14] received November 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6986. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communication Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative [MB Docket No.: 17-105]; Revisions to Cable Television Rate Regulations [MB Docket No.: 02-144]; Implementation of Sec-tions of the Cable Television Consumer Pro-tection and Competition Act of 1992: Rate Regulation [MM Docket No.: 92-266] [MM Docket No.: 93-215]; Adoption of Uniform Ac-counting System for the Provision of Regu-lated Cable Service [CS Docket No.: 94-28]; Cable Pricing Flexibility [CS Docket No.: 96- 157] received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6987. A letter from the Chief, Pricing Pol-icy Division, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Regu-lation of Business Data Services for Rate-of- Return Local Exchange Carriers [WC Docket No.: 17-144]; Business Data Services in an Internet Protocol Environment [WC Docket No.: 16-143]; Special Access for Price Cap Local Exchange Carriers [WC Docket No.: 05- 25] received November 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6988. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Inter-national Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Parts 2 and 25 of the Commission’s Rules to Facilitate the Use of Earth Stations in Motion Communicating with Geostationary Orbit Space Stations in Frequency Bands Allocated to the Fixed Sat-ellite Service [IB Docket No.: 17-95] received November 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6989. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — FCC Form 325 Collection [MB Docket No.: 17-290]; Modernization of Media Regula-tion Initiative [MB Docket No.: 17-105] re-ceived November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6990. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Mo-bility Division, Wireless Telecommuni-cations Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Review of Part 87 of the Com-mission’s Rules Concerning the Aviation Radio Service [WT Docket No.: 01-289] re-ceived November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6991. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guide — Applications for Nuclear Power Plants (Regulatory Guide 1.206, Revi-sion 1) received November 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6992. A letter from the Chair and Co-Chair, Congressional-Executive Commission on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO7.009 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9690 November 28, 2018 
China, transmitting the 2018 Annual Report of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6912(g); Pub-lic Law 106-286, Sec. 302(g); (114 Stat. 897); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6993. A letter from the Sanctions Regula-tions Advisor, Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo Sanctions Reg-ulations received November 19, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6994. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Financial Research, transmitting the Office’s 2018 Annual Report to Congress, pur-suant to 12 U.S.C. 5344(d); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 154(d); (124 Stat. 1418); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6995. A letter from the Acting Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s Finan-cial Report for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6996. A letter from the Director, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting the An-nual Financial Report for the U.S. Office of Government Ethics for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6997. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Financial Report for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6998. A letter from the Acting Director, U.S. Trade and Development Agency, trans-mitting the Agency’s Performance and Ac-countability Report, including audited finan-cial statements, for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6999. A letter from the Chairman, United States International Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Agency Fi-nancial Report for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7000. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Delisting and Foreign Species, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Lesser Long-Nosed Bat From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS- R2-ES-2016-0138; FXES11130900000 178 FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-BB91) received No-vember 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7001. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Foreign Species and Delisting, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Black-Capped Vireo From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS-R2- ES-2016-0110; FXES11130900000 178 FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-BB79) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7002. A letter from the Supervisory Regula-tions Specialist, Office of Subsistence Man-agement, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Subsistence Man-agement Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska-2018-19 and 2019-20 Subsistence Tak-ing of Wildlife Regulations [Docket No.: FWS-R7-SM-2016-0049; FXFR13350700640-189- FF07J00000; FBMS#4500117985] (RIN: 1018- BB38) received November 16, 20198, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7003. A letter from the Conservation Policy Advisor, National Wildlife Refuge System, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — 2018-2019 Refuge-Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regulations [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-NWRS-2018-0020; FXRS12610900000-189-FF09R20000] (RIN: 1018- BC07) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7004. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Do-mestic Listing, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Des-ignation of Critical Habitat for Three Plant Species on Hawaii Island [Docket Number: FWS-R1-ES-2013-0028; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018- AZ38) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7005. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Delisting and Foreign Species, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassifying Tobusch Fishhook Cac-tus From Endangered to Threatened and Adopting a New Scientific Name [Docket No.: FWS-R2-ES-2016-0130; FXES11130900000- 178-FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-BB90) received No-vember 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7006. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Guidance under Section 132(g) for the Exclusion from Income of Qualified Moving Expense Reimbursements [Notice 2018-75] re-ceived November 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7007. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Allocation of Costs Under the Simplified Methods [TD 9843] (RIN: 1545- BG07) received November 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7008. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2019 Cost-of-Living Adjustments to the Internal Revenue Code Tax Tables and Other Items (Rev. Proc. 2018-57) received No-vember 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1160. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affili-ated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1054). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4302. Referral to the Committee on Rules extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. F
OSTER , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 7179. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to revise certain ethylene oxide emissions standards under the Clean Air Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 7180. A bill to limit the availability of funds to extend the implementation of the New START Treaty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 7181. A bill to establish the number of Members of the House of Representatives at 400; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 7182. A bill to require a report on oligarchs and parastatal entities of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7183. A bill to develop a report regard-ing possible duplication of Federal damage assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 7184. A bill to provide for a ban on the retroactive taxation of internet commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S OTO, Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-ana, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R USH, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. V
ELA, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28NO7.000 H28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9691 November 28, 2018 
HASTINGS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 7185. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to estab-lish a weekend and holiday feeding program to provide nutritious food to at-risk school children on weekends and during extended school holidays throughout the year; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. S
IRES, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida): H.R. 7186. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the upfront guarantee fees for certain 7(a) loans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 7179. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 7180. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 7181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 2, clause 3 The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and with-in every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not ex-ceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at Least one Representa-tive; By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 7182. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . regulate Commerece . . . among the several States . . .’’ And; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 7184. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 7185. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 7186. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 154: Mr. N EAL. H.R. 391: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 547: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 656: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 919: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 930: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1566: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1683: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 2315: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. H IGGINS of Lou- isiana, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. A LLEN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2358: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 3395: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 3730: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3940: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3963: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3988: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 4107: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. E MMER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. B OST, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 4256: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. S
IRES, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C LAY, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H
ECK, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 4444: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4549: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 4732: Mr. M
AST, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 4843: Mr. P
ETERSON and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4912: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5460: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5678: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 5759: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5958: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 6081: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 6586: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 6615: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6692: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 6850: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 6992: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 7062: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 7073: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 7086: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 7124: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 7145: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 7146: Mr. D
EUTCH and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 7150: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.J. Res. 129: Mr. M
ORELLE . H. Res. 1149: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28NO7.100 H28NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7147 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2018 No. 187 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious God, we praise You today for Your love that sustains our earthly journey. When evil flourishes, we keep our eyes on You, trusting always in the unfolding of Your powerful providence. Today, inspire our lawmakers to dis-cover the fulfillment of resting in the assurance of Your amazing grace. As our Senators remember how You have provided for this Nation in the past, may they develop a stronger faith in the protection You will give us in the future. Guide them into the future sur-rounded by the shield of Your favor. Lord, keep them close to You and to each other as they fulfill their sacred calling as legislators. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 28, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable RANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SENATE BRIEFING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, key members of the administration will be coming to the Senate at 11 a.m. this morning for an all-Members briefing with respect to Yemen and Saudi Ara-bia. Senators on both sides of the aisle have legitimate concerns about the war in Yemen, the terrible humanitarian plight of Yemeni citizens caught in the crossfire, and the multiple U.S. inter-ests wrapped up in this conflict. The U.S.-Saudi relationship is a long-standing and critical one, but Senators on both sides of the aisle also have le-gitimate concerns about the recent conduct of the Saudi Government. All of us want to see our critical foreign partners behave responsibly. I have been encouraged to hear both Sec-retary Mattis and Secretary Pompeo call for an end to the war in Yemen and for accountability following the mur-der of Jamal Khashoggi. So I look for-ward to hearing from both Secretaries today and learning more about the ad-ministration’s strategy to achieve these and other important objectives. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, there is a lot more work to do. That has been our message after returning from the Thanksgiving holiday. The Senate is staying focused on wrapping up this year’s remaining priorities: get-ting more of the President’s team in place, confirming well-qualified nomi-nees to our Federal courts, and attend-ing to the pressing legislative business the American people need and expect us to handle. Yesterday, the nomination of Ste-phen Vaden to serve as general counsel at the Department of Agriculture was confirmed with bipartisan support, and the motion to advance the nomination of Karen Kelley for Deputy Secretary of Commerce was cleared by an even wider margin. But these important steps haven’t al-ways come easily. As I mentioned yes-terday, between the day the Vaden nomination was favorably reported by our colleagues on the Agriculture Com-mittee and yesterday’s confirmation vote, 351 days elapsed—351 days on the Executive Calendar. These stories are similar for so many of the President’s well-qualified nomi-nees: Needless delays, a recordbreaking number of cloture votes, and then many go on to clear this Chamber with bipartisan support. In some cases that support is nearly unanimous, but my Democratic colleagues made this body drag its feet regardless. We will press on and continue this week to make progress and put to rest the various outstanding items that have to be completed before the end of the 115th Congress. Today, the Senate will vote to con-firm Karen Kelley to serve as Deputy Secretary of Commerce. By any met-ric, Ms. Kelley has the experience and economic acumen to continue a record of outstanding service in that role—a record she has already begun by serv-ing capably in her acting capacity since last year. I hope each of my col-leagues will join me in voting to con-firm her. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.000 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7148 November 28, 2018 
Then the Senate will turn to consid-eration of the judicial nominee, Thom-as Farr, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Mr. Farr is a graduate of Hillsdale College, Emory Law School, and Georgetown University. Over a nearly 40-year career in law, he has developed expertise in labor relations and con-stitutional law. The American Bar As-sociation’s Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary—a body that has fre-quently been held up by our Demo-cratic colleagues as the gold standard— has awarded Mr. Farr its highest pos-sible rating, unanimously ‘‘well quali-fied.’’ Our friend, Senator B
URR, has testi-fied that his fellow North Carolinian has ‘‘the requisite expertise, character and judgment required for the federal bench’’ and that ‘‘he will serve in this role honorably.’’ I urge all of our colleagues to join me in voting to advance his nomination later today. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report: The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Penn-sylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees. The Senator from Illinois. 
GUN VIOLENCE AND REMEMBERING POLICE OFFI -
CER SAMUEL JIMENEZ , DR. TAMARA O ’NEAL , 
AND DAYNA LESS  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, if I came to the Senate floor each day and told the story of another victim of gun vio-lence in the city of Chicago, it would be a full-time job. Trend lines are im-proving ever so slightly, but the deaths from gun violence in that great city continue to break our hearts. Hardly a day, a week, or month goes by that we don’t hear another story of some child, innocent bystander, infant, or elderly person victimized by gun violence. Last week, there was an extraordinary event which captured the hearts of the people of Chicago and Illinois. This Monday afternoon, hundreds of police officers from Chicago and North-ern Illinois—and some from as far away as Boston and New York—stood at sol-emn attention, lining the roadways around the Shrine of Our Lady of Gua-dalupe in the Chicago suburb of Des Plaines. The night before, a powerful blizzard had dumped 7 inches of snow in the Chicago area. It was very cold, but it was not cold air that caused many of the officers gathered outside the chapel to feel numb. It was grief. They had come to pay their respects to a fallen brother and hero. Chicago police officer Samuel Ji-menez was shot and killed a week ear-lier when he tried to stop a shooting at Mercy Hospital & Medical Center on the city’s South Side. I am going to put this array of photos up because I want to address each and every one of them, the individuals on there. This is Officer Jimenez. He was 28 years old, married to his high school sweetheart, the loving father of three little kids. Killed in the same shooting were these two women: Dr. Tamara O’Neal, an emergency room physician, and Dayna Less, a first-year pharmacy resi-dent. Both women worked at Mercy Hospital. The man who shot all three of them also died, from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Let me speak of this hero and these healers for a moment. Officer Samuel Jimenez was 28 years old, married to his high school sweetheart, Crystal. Together, they had three children—two little girls and a boy. Friends said his eyes lit up whenever anyone asked him about his kids. Officer Jimenez had been a member of the Chicago Police Department for less than 2 years. He had already earned two honorable mentions for ex-ceptional performance. He and his part-ner were in their patrol car around 3:30 Monday afternoon, a week ago, Novem-ber 19. A call came over the police radio about an active shooter at Mercy Hospital. The gunman shot Dr. O’Neal in the parking lot and then ran into the hospital. Officer Jimenez followed. He was shot and killed in the hospital lobby. The gunman shot Ms. Less as she stepped off an elevator. He then shot and killed himself, after first being shot by a Chicago policeman. At the funeral, Officer Jimenez was remembered as a loving husband, fa-ther, and friend, and as dedicated to protecting others. He grew up in North-west Chicago, the youngest of nine children. Before joining the police de-partment, he worked at Dunkin’ Donuts, bused tables at Moretti’s Ristorante & Pizzeria. He even deliv-ered mail in the suburbs. His instruc-tors and classmates at the police train-ing academy remembered him as a stel-lar recruit, always eager to lend a hand, always there with a warm hello. He completed his 13-month proba-tionary period with the police depart-ment just last August. Officer Jimenez and his partner didn’t have to respond at Mercy Hospital. You see, that hos-pital was outside the district they were assigned to, but they went anyway, not even hesitating for a second because they knew people were in danger. Dr. Tamara O’Neal was an emergency room doctor. That is one of the hard-est, most stressful jobs in the hospital. Dr. O’Neal picked that profession be-cause she thought it was where she could do the most good for people who needed help. She was 38 years old. She joined the staff of Mercy Hospital less than 3 months ago, after a 3-year resi-dency at the University of Illinois at Chicago—the same school where she earned her medical degree. Her colleagues remember her for her outgoing personality and her willing-ness to go out of her way to help oth-ers. They say she used to stay long after her shift ended to make sure her patients were taken care of. She was also a woman of great faith. She was the choir director of her church in Indi-ana, and she drove there every Sun-day—60 miles each way—to lead the congregation in song. Her brother was the pastor of the church. Dr. O’Neal helped raise money every year to buy school supplies for children in the church whose families were strapped for money. She loved taking her nieces and nephews into the city of Chicago to show them new attractions, new res-taurants. Dayna Less was 24 years old. Had the shooting happened 1 day later, she would still be alive. She was leaving that next day to spend Thanksgiving in Indiana with her family. She graduated from pharmacy school at Purdue last May, after 6 years of study. She was engaged to be married in June to a young man she met at church camp when they were both just 9 years old. Dayna Less loved the Chicago Cubs, working at Mercy Hospital, and traveling. Before coming to Mercy, she spent 8 weeks on pharmacy rotation in Kenya. She wrote about her experiences there in a blog. This is part of what she wrote: Watching patients die from things that would 100 percent be treatable in the US is extremely disheartening. It’s been very important for me to focus on the positive things we are doing here because it can be difficult to see how we are making a difference. But, it’s worth it when you fight for something and it actually happens! Even if it’s as small as making sure a patient gets their medication, we are doing some-thing that matters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.001 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7149 November 28, 2018 
Officer Jimenez, Dr. O’Neal, and Ms. Less were all doing work that mattered and mattered greatly. All three were dedicated to helping others—Officer Ji-menez as a protector, Dr. O’Neal and Ms. Less as healers. Their deaths have left their friends and families, the Chicago Police De-partment, and all of the city of Chicago stunned and grieving. There is never— never—a good time to lose a family member to violence but to lose them during the holiday season seems espe-cially cruel. Our hearts go out to Offi-cer Jimenez’s family and to the O’Neal and Less families. Officer Jimenez was the second Chi-cago police officer killed in the line of duty this year. Last February, the day before Valentine’s Day, District Com-mander Paul Bauer was fatally shot in downtown Chicago. Gun violence against police officers is not just a problem in the city of Chicago; it is a problem across America. It is getting worse. We all remember the horrific ambush of Dallas police officers in July 2016. Five officers were killed and nine oth-ers were injured by a sniper. Since then, 132 police officers have been shot and killed in the line of duty in cities and towns across our country. These are intentional shootings. They are not accidents. We have seen intentional killings at churches, synagogues, schools, and as we have learned so painfully in the city of Chicago, hospitals. We are seeing an increase in shootings in these loca-tions. In 2016, U.S. hospitals spent $1.1 bil-lion to try to make their hospital grounds safer. Think about that: more than $1 billion—not to cure an illness, not to alleviate suffering but to protect the patients and professionals at hos-pitals across America from this hor-rific gun violence that shook the city of Chicago last week. Imagine if that $1 billion would have been spent on heal-ing and keeping people healthy. Chicago Cardinal Blase Cupich was the main celebrant at Officer Jimenez’s funeral. I want to read part of what he told the mourners who filled Our Lady of Guadalupe. He said of those in law enforcement: 
Every day they get up, leave their homes and family to watch out for us. I think that maybe the best way that we can console each other and also express our gratitude for the sacrifice that has been given in the death of Officer Jimenez is as citizens, remember that law enforcement wants us all to live together, to watch out for each other, care for each other, and then maybe we will make their jobs easier. 
He added: 
And maybe, there will not be another death of an officer because all of us are tak-ing responsibility for watching out for one another. 
It is not unusual for the people of Chicago to rightfully say to me, their U.S. Senator: What are you going to do about this? What are you going to do to reduce gun violence in the United States? Does the Second Amendment to the Constitution create this burden on us today, where we have to accept wanton gun violence as part of someone’s con-stitutional right? Of course not. Those who misuse guns, those who do not store them or use them properly and legally should be held accountable. Why then can’t we pass basic legisla-tion in this Congress? Why can’t we pass a bill to keep guns out of the hands of people who are unqualified to own them or people who are unstable and should never be given a gun? Why can’t we make certain that weapons that are military weapons, that have little or no application when it comes to sport or hunting, are not sold to ev-eryone, right and left, in the United States? I heard recently, there were 11 mil-lion AR–15s—a military-style weapon— that are circulating in the United States of America. Does anyone, in their wildest imagination, think that is what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they talked about the right to bear arms; that people would have these deadly military weapons and they would be used so often? I will be very candid with you, hav-ing served in the House and served in the Senate for a number of years, the prospects of passing meaningful gun safety legislation are minimal. There are two things that can make a dif-ference. For one, if the police and law enforcement officers across the United States stood as one and demanded of Congress there be gun safety measures to make their lives safer, it would be happen. Law enforcement could be the inspiration and the political motiva-tion for Congress to act. Secondly, I know thousands of law- abiding gun owners in the State of Illi-nois. I grew up in a family—my family and others—where owning a firearm was considered part of life. It was what people did so they could go hunting in a proper way, a legal way. If those le-gitimate gun owners—sportsmen, hunt-ers, and those who keep them for self- defense—would step up and say we need to draw clear lines for those who abuse firearms and those who are using them to kill innocent people, that, too, could make a difference. Think of that. If the law enforcement community and gun owners who accept responsibility for that firearm came together and de-manded Congress pass measures to keep guns out of the hands of those who kill our policemen, threaten our law enforcement officers, and hurt in-nocent people like the doctor and this pharmacy resident, it would make a significant difference. Until that happens, we will come and make speeches on the floor of the Sen-ate. We will issue press releases. We will attend funerals. We will offer our thoughts and our prayers, but I think it is time for more. I think it is time for this Nation to step up and do some-thing significant, to not just stop and demand that we bring an end to gun vi-olence in Chicago and other cities but make this a safer world for our chil-dren. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. COT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
G20 SUMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this weekend President Trump will head to Argentina for the G20 summit, where he is expected to meet with President Xi of China to discuss our trading rela-tionship. Now, I have opposed the President on most things. That is hardly a secret. But we agree—we actually agree—on the issue of China. In fact, I agree more with President Trump’s views on China than I did with either President Bush or Obama, and I have been supportive of the administration’s aggressive course of action on China. China must be made to understand that we are dead serious about chang-ing its behavior on trade: to allow for-eign companies to compete in its mar-kets, to end illegal dumping of cheap goods into our markets, and, most im-portantly, to end the abusive practice of technology transfers and trade espi-onage that threatens our intellectual property and know-how. These things don’t just threaten our intellectual property, an abstract concept. They threaten good-paying jobs—millions of them—and wealth, billions and tril-lions of dollars that China has stolen, literally and figuratively, through its unfair practices. When we have a good product, you can’t sell it in China unless you trans-fer the technology, but they sell tons of things here. My father-in-law—my late father-in- law—a New York City cabdriver, some-times said: We are not Uncle Sam; we are Uncle Sap. Well, in the case of China, that has been the case for too long, and Presi-dent Trump, to his credit, is beginning to reverse that. Yet despite an initial wave of tariffs, China has not offered meaningful concessions on any of the items I have mentioned. Ambassador Lighthizer recently put out a report concluding that China is still rapaciously stealing American in-tellectual property. In fact, the number of Chinese state-sponsored cyber at-tacks has been rising. So we need to stay the course until China feels the heat. That is why I was deeply disturbed— very disturbed—to read this morning in the New York Times that President Trump and his advisers—at least some of them—are already considering back-ing down on further action against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.005 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7150 November 28, 2018 
China in order to reach an agreement at the G20. Let me be clear to the President. Backing off on China for some quick handshake agreement without sub-stantive—real, deep, substantive—com-mitments, will be seen as a victory by no one. It will be seen as capitulation. It will be seen as weak to cave on tar-iffs this early before China starts to feel the real pressure and come to a real, deep, and long-lasting agreement that is worth having. So, Mr. President, don’t back down on China. American jobs and American wealth are at stake. You have headed out on a correct course, but you have to follow through. All too often this administration starts out doing some-thing and then backs off. It cannot happen. I am worried—deeply worried—be-cause I love America and I want us to be No. 1 economically, as well as in every other way. I fear that Trump’s eagerness to make a deal—any deal, just like he did with North Korea in Singapore—will be devastating to the long-term interests of the United States. Now that we are finally putting the screws to China, we cannot relent for the sake of a photo-op at the G20. Yes, our actions will cause some pain, but in the long term, there is much more gain than pain. If we ever needed to do something, it is now. I don’t agree with treating Canada or Europe the same as China. That is for sure. But China is a different, different breed of economic cat, and they are robbing us, stealing from us, doing ev-erything they can to become No. 1 eco-nomically at our expense, not in a fair competitive way but in a way that is one-sided. So today, I will be sending a letter to President Trump with some colleagues laying out this position, saying to the President: Please, don’t back off on China. American jobs and American wealth depend on it. 
YEMEN  
Mr. President, later this morning, the Senate will receive a classified all- Senators briefing from Secretaries Pompeo and Mattis on the conflict in Yemen, Saudi Arabia’s role in that conflict, and the recent murder of U.S. resident and Washington Post contrib-utor Jamal Khashoggi. This is an im-portant and timely briefing, but there is a gaping hole. I am concerned and disappointed that President Trump has reportedly forbid-den CIA Director Haspel from attend-ing today’s briefing. Without her pres-ence at the briefing, there will be no one from our intelligence community. Director Haspel has heard the Turk-ish audiotape of the murder, and her Agency has also reportedly made con-clusions about the role of various Saudi leaders. Members of this body have a right to hear from Director Haspel. No offense to Secretary Mattis and Secretary Pompeo, but it was the CIA that had jurisdiction to find out what exactly happened, and, according to press reports, they did. Now Con-gress is not going to get the briefing. What is the White House trying to hide? Well, we all know that President Trump seems to favor the Crown Prince to an extent that he will look the other way at the greatest of trans-gressions, but it is even a further step down the road of darkness, lack of sun-light to prevent the CIA from giving us their conclusions. Members of this body have a right to hear from Director Haspel, and her ab-sence today speaks volumes—vol-umes—about the White House’s inten-tion for congressional oversight in Saudi Arabia. President Trump has gone to extraor-dinary lengths to avoid criticizing the Crown Prince and the Saudis for the Khashoggi murder, drawing grotesque moral equivalencies and controverting well-known facts to avoid placing blame. It seems so similar to what he has been doing with Putin and Russia, looking the other way for reasons that don’t serve America’s interests or secu-rity. It has been a shameful abdication of moral leadership from the President. It must give comfort to autocrats every-where: Go ahead. Behave despicably, and the United States, at minimum, will look the other way and may even pat you on the back. We have strength for a lot of reasons. We have a strong military. We have a great economy. We have a wonderful people. But one of the reasons we have strength is that we have been the shin-ing city on the hill. We have been the country that has guided doing the right thing in morality and has tried to spread that around the world. Donald Trump is taking a giant step backwards, and that is not just an ab-stract concept or something that would be a nice thing to do. It hurts economi-cally, militarily, and security-wise when we don’t maintain being that shining city on the hill. So Leader M CCONNELL has rightly called the Saudi murder operation ‘‘ab-horrent.’’ I hope he agrees with me that Director Haspel should be made available to Congress on this issue. I would ask him to join with me in ask-ing her to come in the same kind of closed, SCIF, intelligence-protecting session. Relatedly, possibly as early as this afternoon, we expect to have a vote in relation to the Lee-Sanders Yemen War Powers Resolution. Even though they are not here at the moment, I want to applaud the sponsors for their steadfast commitment to this important issue. I will support their resolution once again. The conflict in Yemen, exacerbated by Saudi Arabia’s intervention and its reckless tactics, must be brought to an end. The Yemeni people have endured unending suffering. The United States should once again be the moral leader and lead the diplomatic efforts to re-solve the conflict. NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. President, late this afternoon, the Senate will likely vote on whether to consider the nomination of Thomas Farr for the Eastern District of North Carolina. I have spoken repeatedly— last week, this week—on the floor about what an absolute disgrace it is to have his nomination before us. What a further disgrace it would be if our Re-publican colleagues march in lockstep approving this awful nomination. Mr. Farr has been chief cook and bot-tle washer with North Carolina’s invid-ious and despicable efforts to prevent people, particularly minorities, from voting. Generations of Americans have agi-tated, protested, marched, and even died trying to expand the right to vote, regardless of race or gender. Our sol-diers, when they are fighting overseas, some of them making the ultimate sac-rifice, are defending democracy and the right to vote, among other things. For the Senate in 2018 to elevate a man to the Federal bench who has worked to limit the franchise and gain the elec-toral system would be a black mark on this body—a black mark on this body. Adding insult to jury, this is a judi-cial district that is 27 percent African American. Two African Americans, both women, were nominated in the past. The Republican Senators from North Carolina blocked them with the blue slip, a practice that the leader has abolished with Chairman G
RASSLEY , which is a shame in itself. But now to elevate this man to the bench is an in-sult to African Americans and all Americans—all Americans. It is amazing to me, utterly amaz-ing—and you see a lot of things around here that you don’t believe these days—that the Republican majority is moving forward with this nomination. I hope my colleagues on the Republican side, even at this late hour, take time to study his career. I believe they will find that he is unworthy of the Federal bench, and I hope at least a brave few will join with Democrats this after-noon to reject this awful, awful nomi-nation. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RUSSIA AND UKRAINE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have two topics. I want to talk in a moment or two about National Adoption Month, but before I do that, I want to talk just a minute about Russia’s con-tinued outrageous behavior in Ukraine and the most recent incident where Russia has manufactured another crisis in order to take advantage of whatever situation they think the moment is ripe for. Clearly this has been allowed to go on for too long. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.002 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7151 November 28, 2018 
While Ukraine is not a member of NATO, I think NATO countries—in-cluding ours—have a great interest in what is happening in Ukraine with Putin’s continued aggressive behavior. We had a joint session—the only joint session where the President of Ukraine has spoken—a few years ago. He made the point that they appreciated the hu-manitarian help, but I thought the most telling moment in that speech was when he said: We appreciate the humanitarian help, we appreciate the blankets, but you can’t fight the Rus-sians with blankets. That was the time under the Obama administration when we were not giv-ing Ukraine either the defensive or of-fensive capacity they needed. President Trump has made a different decision, which I support, in helping the Ukrain-ians defend themselves. I also support whatever we can do at this moment to let it be known to Putin that we are supportive of Ukraine’s efforts to have an inde-pendent, democratic government, that we will continue to be supportive of that and we will continue to be helpful in that effort, and President Putin had better be careful that he doesn’t take one step too far. In fact, he has already taken steps further than should have been allowed. Those steps—the seizure of Crimea, the invasion of eastern Ukraine by people who were clearly Russian soldiers in plain green uni-forms—should not have been allowed. The President has to deal with that, but we need to deal with that in a way that gives Ukraine all the help they need in dealing with that themselves. Whether the President should make that point by not meeting with Putin or whether he should make that point by meeting with Putin and clearly ex-pressing not only our concern but our absolute rejection of the efforts the Russian Government has made toward Ukraine in an aggressive way, I don’t know. I do know that it is time for us to be very clear about how we feel about that and emphasize our contin-ued commitment to the NATO coun-tries along the Russian border, that we absolutely will respond if there is any aggression toward those NATO coun-tries. Frankly, we should be aggressive in our efforts to help Ukraine defend itself. 
OBSERVING NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH  
Mr. President, I want to move now to the reason I scheduled this time today and talk a few moments about Novem-ber as National Adoption Month. As November draws to a close, I also would point out that every month should be adoption month. I am pleased to work with my col-league and cochair of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption, Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR . We looked forward to passing this resolution supporting National Adoption Month. This is the fourth year we have worked together on this resolution. I thank all of my colleagues for their unanimous support for this resolution as it passed earlier this week. The Congressional Coalition on Adop-tion is the largest bipartisan, bi-cameral coalition in the Congress. We have our friends leading on the House side, and we have this opportunity for many of us to join together on the Sen-ate side. The idea is that every child deserves to grow up in a safe, stable home with a loving family. That is something on which I think everyone can agree. In fact, year after year, we have that agreement in the Senate and the House. Unfortunately, right now there are more than 400,000 children in the U.S. foster care system and more than 100,000 children waiting in that system to be adopted. They don’t have the ben-efit of a permanent family they can call their own. There are many more children all over the world who need families and who are in settings no one would believe to be ideal. For those charitable institutions that reach out to have a place for chil-dren to go when their mother or their family can no longer keep them, we are grateful. For those families who create a home in the foster system in my State and around the country, we are grateful as well. There are over 13,000 children in fos-ter care in Missouri. I would like to share a couple stories of people in fos-ter care who would like to have a fam-ily become their permanent family, a family they would always know they were secure in and a part of. Brooklyn is a creative girl in the fourth grade who loves arts and crafts. She is an active girl. She likes to play outdoors. She makes friends easily. She is inquisitive by nature. She loves to ask questions and discover how things work. Brooklyn needs a home. Levelle is a sixth grader who is an adventure seeker, animal lover, and Lego enthusiast. He has a knack for math and science, and he wants to work at the Children’s Hospital when he grows up. Levelle would like a per-manent home. Kiara and Devin are siblings who hope to be placed together. Kiara loves music and singing her favorite songs. When she isn’t singing, Kiara loves reading a good book or playing out-doors. She wants to be a surgeon or a lawyer and a full-time foster parent when she grows up. She knows how im-portant her foster family has been for her. She would like to have a family who she knows she would always be able to relate to in a more permanent way. Her brother Devin is also a sixth grader and enjoys learning and playing sports. He especially loves puzzles and figuring out how to put things to-gether. He would like to figure out how to put a family together and be part of that along with his sister. He likes singing, playing, and reading. The two siblings have a lot of fun together and would like to have a forever family. There are a lot more stories to share. That is why, during National Adoption Month, it is important to think about how year in and year out we are look-ing for ways to make it easier for fami-lies to come together in a permanent way. Nearly a quarter of the people living in our country have considered adop-tion. Many of those have misperceptions and concerns about adoption. A lot of people believe that foster care adoption is expensive if they adopt out of the foster care sys-tem. In reality, there is almost no cost to adopting from foster care. Financial support is available. In many cases, adoptive parents can get that support to make their adoption of a new family final. Ensuring that adoption remains a viable option for families is central to our efforts in the adoption caucus. This week, Senator KLOBUCHAR and I will be introducing the Supporting Adoptive Families Act to provide adoptive fami-lies additional tools and supportive services to help them achieve a suc-cessful adoption and to prevent adopt-ed children from reentering the foster care system. Since National Adoption Day started in 2000, more than 70,000 children have been adopted into permanent homes. I myself am an adoptive parent, and I look forward to seeing more people have the experience of what happens when you change somebody’s life and they change your life. I hope more families will take this time not only during National Adop-tion Month but also during the holi-days to consider adoption. I can say without exception that one of the most rewarding things you could possibly do is create that environment. My wife and I have benefitted from it and our son has benefited from it, as have his brothers and sisters and others in our family. It is an important time to think about ways to reach out and make a permanent difference in people’s lives. It is frankly hard to imagine a greater way to make a more permanent dif-ference than considering adoption. Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR and I and others in the adoption caucus would certainly en-courage people who are thinking about adoption, as kids need a safe and per-manent family. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
YEMEN  
Mr. SANDERS. Thank you. Mr. President, later this afternoon, I believe, we will be voting on one of the more important foreign policy issues that we have voted on in a very long time. This, of course, deals with the U.S. involvement in the war in Yemen. In March of 2015, under the leadership of Muhammad bin Salman, who was then the Saudi Defense Minister and is now, of course, the Crown Prince, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.006 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7152 November 28, 2018 
Emirates intervened in Yemen’s ongo-ing civil war. As a result of that Saudi intervention, Yemen is now experi-encing the worst humanitarian disaster in the world. It is absolutely imperative that we call attention to the inhumane and horrific situation that is now impact-ing the people of Yemen, a small na-tion of 28 million people, one of the poorest countries on Earth. According to the United Nations, Yemen is at risk of the most severe famine in more than 100 years, with some 14 million people—about half of that country’s population—facing star-vation. Already, as a result of this ter-rible war, according to the Save the Children organization, some 85,000 chil-dren in Yemen have starved to death over the last several years. Let me re-peat that. According to the Save the Children organization, some 85,000 chil-dren in Yemen have already starved to death over the last several years, and millions more face starvation if the war continues. That is what we are looking at today. In addition, Yemen is currently expe-riencing the worst cholera outbreak in the world, with as many as 10,000 new cases erupting every week, according to the World Health Organization. As you know, cholera is a disease spread by infected water that causes severe di-arrhea and dehydration and will only accelerate the death rate as it weakens the ability of people to resist disease. The cholera outbreak in Yemen has oc-curred because Saudi bombs have de-stroyed Yemen’s water infrastructure, and people there are no longer able to access clean water. The fact is that the United States, with relatively little media attention, has been Saudi Arabia’s partner in this horrific war. We have been providing the bombs that the Saudi-led coalition is using. We have been refueling their planes before they drop those bombs. We have been assisting with intel-ligence. In too many cases, our weap-ons are being used to kill civilians. In August, as many will remember, it was an American-made bomb that ob-literated a school bus full of young boys, killing dozens and wounding many more. A CNN report found evi-dence that American weapons have been used in a string of such deadly at-tacks on civilians since the war began. According to the independent moni-toring group, Yemen Data Project, be-tween March of 2015 and March of 2018, more than 30 percent of the Saudi-led coalition’s targets have been non-military. A few weeks ago, I met with several very brave human rights activists from Yemen, urging Congress to put a stop to this war. They told me clearly that when Yemenis see ‘‘Made in USA’’ on the bombs that are killing them, it tells them that it is the United States of America that is actively involved in this war. That is the sad truth. That is a truth we have to finally deal with, and I hope deal with effectively later this afternoon. The message that the Senate should be sending to the Saudi Government and to the whole world is that we will not continue to support a catastrophic war led by a despotic regime that has a dangerous, destructive, and irrespon-sible military policy. No more—enough death, enough killing, enough destruc-tion. Above and beyond the humanitarian crisis—the worst in the world right now, destroying a small, poor coun-try—that war has been a disaster for our national security and the national security of our allies. The administra-tion defends our engagement in Yemen by overstating Iranian support for the Houthi rebels. While Iran’s support for Houthis is of serious concern for all of us—and I do not minimize that—the fact is that the relationship has only been strengthened with the intensifica-tion of the war. The war is creating the very problem this administration claims to want to solve. The war in Yemen is also under-mining the broader effort against vio-lent extremists. A 2016 State Depart-ment report found that the conflict had helped al-Qaida and the Islamic State’s Yemen branch ‘‘deepen their inroads across much of the country.’’ As the head of the International Rescue Com-mittee, former British Foreign Min-ister David Miliband said in a recent interview: ‘‘The winners are the ex-tremist groups like Al Qaeda and ISIS.’’ Just last week, the Wall Street Journal reported: ‘‘Nearly two years after being driven from its stronghold in Yemen, one of al Qaeda’s most dan-gerous franchises has entrenched itself in the country’s hinterlands as a dev-astating war creates the conditions for its comeback.’’ So this war is, without dispute, a horrific humanitarian crisis, but it is also a strategic disaster, benefiting ter-rorist groups like al-Qaida and ISIS. Further, importantly, let us not for-get that Saudi Arabia is an undemo-cratic monarchy controlled by one family. Sometimes we kind of pass that over. It is controlled by one family— the Saudi family. In a 2017 report by the conservative Cato Institute, Saudi Arabia, our ally in this terrible war in Yemen, was ranked 149 out of 159 coun-tries in terms of freedom and human rights. That is our ally. That is the country with which we are putting our credibility on the line. For decades, as I think most Members of the Senate know, the Saudis have funded schools, mosques, and preachers who promote an extreme form of Islam known as Wahhabism. In Saudi Arabia today, women are not second-class citizens; they are third-class citizens. Women still need the permission of a male guardian to go to school or to get a job. They have to follow a strict dress code and can be stoned to death for adultery or flogged for spending time in the company of a man who is not their relative. Earlier this year, Saudi activist Loujain al-Hathloul, a leader in the fight for women’s rights, was kid-napped from Abu Dhabi and forced to return to her country. She is currently being held without charges. The same is true of many Saudi political activ-ists. Sadly, President Trump continues to proclaim his love and affection for the Saudi regime. The brutality and law-lessness of the Saudi regime, as every-body in this country now knows, was made clear to the entire world with the murder of the dissident Saudi jour-nalist, Jamal Khashoggi, in the Saudi consulate in Turkey—right in their own consulate. Pathetically, as part of his continuing respect for authori-tarian regimes—whether it is Putin or Russia or other regimes around the world—President Trump rejected the findings of the CIA’s assessment that the Saudi Crown Prince was respon-sible for that murder. When given a choice between believing a despotic ruler in Saudi Arabia or our own Cen-tral Intelligence Agency, sadly, the President of the United States sided with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. Lastly, let me raise an issue that many of my conservative friends—M
IKE L
EE, R AND PAUL, and others—have been raising, which is an important issue that I hope progressives pay at-tention to, which is that this war in Saudi Arabia was not authorized by the U.S. Congress. It was not voted on by the U.S. Congress and, therefore, is un-constitutional. Let us not forget that the Founding Fathers of this country put the awesome responsibility of war and peace into the hands of the Con-gress, not the President of the United States—not a Democratic President or a Republican President. Article I of the Constitution clearly States that it is Congress, not the President, that has the power to declare war. The time is long overdue for Congress to take back that responsibility, which it has abdicated under Democratic and Republican leaderships. If the Members of the House and the Senate want to go to war in Yemen, vote to go to war in Yemen. Don’t let the President of the United States do it on his own. Later this afternoon, as I understand it, there will be a resolution coming be-fore this body as to whether we proceed to vote on ending U.S. involvement in the Saudi-led war. That amendment is cosponsored by my friends Senator L
EE of Utah, Senator M
URPHY of Con-necticut, and many, many others. This is an enormously important vote. This is a vote that says to the world: We are going to end the horrific humanitarian disaster that is killing tens of thou-sands of defenseless children in Yemen. It is a vote which says that we are going to stand for American values. It is a vote which says that the time is now to tell Saudi Arabia that we are not continuing to partner with them in this horrific crisis. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.007 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7153 November 28, 2018 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 10:58 a.m., recessed until 12 noon and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mrs. E
RNST ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will come to order. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I rise today to voice my strong support for the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley to be confirmed as the Deputy Sec-retary of Commerce. Ms. Dunn Kelley is well qualified to serve in this critical leadership role at the Department of Commerce, which she has ably filled on an acting basis for the past year. Ms. Dunn Kelley was already con-firmed once this Congress, without op-position. She has served at the Depart-ment since August 3, 2017, as the Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, a posi-tion to which the Senate confirmed her by voice vote. Ms. Dunn Kelley has considerable economic and managerial expertise, cultivated through her more than 30 years of experience in the financial in-vestment sector. In her current capacity as Under Sec-retary for Economic Affairs, she leads the Economics and Statistics Adminis-tration, which provides economic anal-ysis and distributes national economic indicators. She also serves as the Department’s administrator of statistical programs, including the U.S. Census Bureau and the Bureau of Economic Analysis. Since being named as Acting Deputy Secretary of Commerce, she has been responsible for the management, co-ordination, and implementation of the Department’s Strategic Plan, focusing on job creation and economic growth across the Department’s 12 bureaus and agencies. The Commerce Department’s mis-sion, as stated in its 2018–2022 Strategic Plan, is to ‘‘create the conditions for economic growth and opportunity.’’ The breadth of activities the Depart-ment undertakes to accomplish its mission range from promoting com-mercial space activities to enhancing weather forecasting, and from fishery management and trade promotion to standards setting for emerging tech-nologies, cybersecurity, and privacy, to name just a few. The Department of Commerce de-serves a well-qualified and experienced leader to continue to foster the unprec-edented economic growth we see today and preserve American leadership. Throughout her career, Ms. Dunn Kelley has exhibited the kind of leader-ship that will ensure the Department of Commerce will continue its critical missions to promote economic growth, job creation, and innovation. I urge my colleagues to support Ms. Dunn Kelley’s nomination. I yield the floor. f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— S. 2644 Mr. COONS. Madam President, I am proud to join the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from New Jersey on the floor today in calling for action on a bipartisan bill—a bill that has been crafted to protect our institutions and safeguard the rule of law in this coun-try not just right now but for future Congresses and administrations as well. Today, we will be asking our col-leagues to give the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act the consideration here on the floor of the Senate that it deserves. This bill would do something simple but powerful: It would codify Department of Justice regulations that prevent the removal of a special counsel without good cause. That might seem like a small detail, but it is important. Independ-ence is required to ensure that a spe-cial counsel can do his or her job and find the facts. Our bipartisan bill would put this re-striction in statute and give the special counsel a clear legal remedy. If re-moved without cause, the special coun-sel would have a 10-day period to take the case to a three-judge panel for ex-pedited consideration. If the special counsel doesn’t wish to contest his re-moval, it would proceed without inter-ference. Both Republicans and Democrats rec-ognize that removal of the current spe-cial counsel without a valid basis would be a significant, even a cata-strophic event. It would be a constitu-tional crisis that would threaten the Presidency and the rule of law. We can work together to prevent a crisis. President Trump should be the first person to support this bill. He has raised concerns about oversight of the special counsel. He has accused the prosecutors of making partisan, politi-cally motivated decisions. This act would ensure that regulations pro-viding for supervision and oversight of the investigation are not just codified but strengthened. It would ensure that Congress gets a complete picture at the end of the investigation. My colleagues Senators G
RAHAM , T
ILLIS , BOOKER , GRASSLEY , and F EIN-
STEIN were instrumental in crafting this balanced legislation, and it passed the Judiciary Committee by a strong bipartisan margin of 14 to 7, 7 months ago. The time to take up and pass this bill in the Senate is now. Some have questioned the need for this legislation. They have said the President would never fire Special Counsel Mueller, and I hope and pray they are right. I don’t think it would be in President Trump’s interest to re-move the special counsel and certainly not in the interest of our country. The President has repeatedly, pub-licly, and directly attacked the special counsel and his investigation. Just yes-terday, he called his investigation a ‘‘phony witch hunt’’ that is ‘‘doing tre-mendous damage to our criminal jus-tice system.’’ The President has al-ready fired the FBI Director and forced the resignation of the Attorney Gen-eral, citing grievances related to this investigation in both cases. We have an Acting Attorney General not confirmed by the Senate, with no nominee in sight to conduct oversight of this investigation, which is unprece-dented and not acceptable. This bill addresses threats not just to this special counsel but future special counsels. I would ask my colleagues who are holding back this bill to con-sider whether they may wish it were the law in a Democratic administra-tion as well. We should all appreciate the ways in which this protects the rule of law. Let me close by quoting what my col-league Chairman GRASSLEY said when he expressed his view back in April that this should be considered by the full Senate during our Judiciary Com-mittee markup on the bill: 
In some ways, today’s vote will say a lot about how each of us views our responsibil-ities as Senators. We took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, but we’re not judges or Presidents. We are stewards of the legislative branch. The Founders anticipated that we would wield the powers the Constitution affords us with great ambition so that we could effec-tively check the powers of the other branches. This bill certainly does that. 
I am confident that, if allowed to go to a vote, this bill would pass with more than 60 votes. History will judge us for how we work together to confront the chal-lenges that face our Nation. The rest of the world is watching. It is important to take up and pass this bill. I now recognize my colleague, a co-sponsor of this legislation, the Senator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, thank you very much. I want to thank my colleagues from Arizona and Delaware for being here today and for their leadership. I join them in asking the Senate to pass the Special Counsel Independence and In-tegrity Act by unanimous consent. The Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act is a bipartisan bill. Again, I repeat, this is about the legis-lative branch asserting a commonsense check and balance on Presidential overreach. It is not divided along party lines; it is a bipartisan bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.008 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7154 November 28, 2018 
This bill is about ideals that we all are aligned with—independence, integ-rity, and the ability of the special counsel and future special counsels to do their job effectively, without inter-ference from a President. This is a proactive bill aimed at ensuring that now and in the future, we have appro-priate checks and balances in place to prevent a constitutional crisis. The bill is becoming more urgent. We know that there was an attack on our democracy. We know that there were and are foreign agents who attempted and are attempting to manipulate and undermine our democratic institutions. We need to understand what happened and how to prevent it from happening again and to hold those people account-able for their actions. The preservation of the special coun-sel investigation is indeed a matter of national security, but we know that the special counsel is in danger. We know he is in danger because even just yesterday, the President was again ma-ligning and mischaracterizing the spe-cial counsel investigation. We know there is danger because just a few weeks ago, the President fired Attor-ney General Sessions and named Mat-thew Whitaker as the Acting Attorney General to oversee the Mueller inves-tigation. We know that Acting Attor-ney General Whitaker has a history of criticizing and debasing the very inves-tigation he is now responsible for over-seeing. In 2017, he wrote an op-ed call-ing this investigation into our national security a ‘‘witch hunt.’’ This investigation must be allowed to continue without interference. This investigation must continue for our na-tional security. We are all stewards of our democracy. It has been sustained by this ideal: that no one, not even the President of the United States, is above the law. We must act quickly to protect and secure this fundamental democratic ideal. This is a sobered, measured, bipartisan bill that will achieve those ends. I now yield to my colleague from Ari-zona. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I thank my colleague from New Jersey and my colleague from Delaware for working together on this issue. I rise today once again to speak in defense of Special Counsel Robert Mueller and to speak of the importance of the investigation he is leading and the attacks on our electoral system during the lead-up to the 2016 election. One wouldn’t expect that such an in-vestigation would be controversial, but somehow it warranted a tweet from the President earlier this week—one of sev-eral tweets—calling Special Counsel Mueller a ‘‘conflicted prosecutor gone rogue’’ and claiming that the ‘‘$30 mil-lion witch hunt’’ is doing nothing but ruining lives. To be clear, this is the same investigation that brought in-dictments for more than a dozen Rus-sian nationalists for attempting to in-fluence the 2016 election. Why shouldn’t we be up in arms about that? Why does that warrant a tweet from the President—many tweets—trying to go after the special counsel? The findings of this investigation are too important to our national security and the well-being of our democratic institutions to be halted or watered down. Mr. Mueller must be able to pre-serve the work he has done by com-pleting this very thorough investiga-tion, and his findings must be made public. This legislation has been pro-posed to ensure this outcome. S. 2644, the Special Counsel Independ-ence and Integrity Act, serves one pur-pose: to protect the integrity of the special counsel’s investigation and to prevent the executive branch from in-appropriately interfering in an inde-pendent investigation in the future. This legislation passed out of the Ju-diciary Committee in a bipartisan manner nearly 8 months ago. It has been awaiting action on the Senate floor ever since. It passed on May 26. Since that time, the Judiciary Com-mittee has been busy. We have been busy here on the Senate floor. We have processed more than 50 judges and passed them here on the Senate floor. That is a good thing, but the priority now needs to be to protect the special counsel. Some of my colleagues have said that this legislation is not necessary be-cause there hasn’t been any indication that Mr. Mueller will be removed from office. But with the President tweeting on a regular basis, a daily basis, that the special counsel is conflicted, that he is leading the so-called 12 angry Democrats, and demeaning and ridi-culing him in every way, I believe to be so sanguine about the chances of him being fired is folly for us. We have al-ready seen the forced resignation of the Attorney General the day after the election. It is clear, therefore, that something has to be done to protect Mr. Mueller’s investigation. Let me just say it wasn’t just that the Attorney General was fired; it is that the investigation—or oversight for the investigation—was taken from the Deputy Attorney General, where it properly belonged and where it was be-fore. It was taken from him and given to somebody who is in an acting capac-ity—somebody who has not been con-firmed by the Senate. Should we in the Senate be OK with that? I would argue no, we can’t be. That is why a few weeks ago my col-league from New Jersey and my col-league from Delaware came to the Sen-ate floor to ask unanimous consent to bring this bill to the floor. After our ef-forts were blocked by an objection, we promised to come to the floor again and again, and that is why we are here today. We will continue to do so until this vital investigation is completed. So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of Calendar No. 393, S. 2644; I further ask that the committee-re-ported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, reserv-ing the right to object, I ask unani-mous consent for 2 minutes to articu-late the basis of my concern. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Madam President, for rea-sons articulated by Justice Scalia in his classic opinion in Morrison v. Olson, the prosecutorial authority of the United States belongs in the De-partment of Justice. The Department of Justice answers to the President of the United States. Its principal officers consist of people appointed by the President, serving at the pleasure of the President, after being confirmed by the U.S. Senate. This is a fundamental component of our liberty. The separation of powers protect us. That doesn’t mean we are always going to agree with what every President in every administration does. But as Justice Scalia explains, we can-not convert an office like this one—an office like the previously existing Of-fice of Independent Counsel—without creating a de facto fourth branch of government, fundamentally under-mining the principle of separation of powers that is so core to our liberty. On that basis, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Will my colleague from Utah consider a question? Mr. LEE. I am very late for another meeting, but, yes, I will, because I like my friend from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Was Justice Scalia’s dis-sent in Morrison v. Olson a majority opinion? Mr. LEE. No, it was not. At the time it was written, it was somewhat novel; it was somewhat new. Since then, it has become a widely adopted view—a view adopted by people across the po-litical spectrum, regardless of their po-litical ideology. I challenge every one of you to read it. It is right. Mr. COONS. Madam President, will the Senator yield for another question? Mr. LEE. I am very late. Mr. COONS. Let me just conclude by saying that the DC Circuit reconsid-ered this issue just this year and in their decision said that Morrison re-mains valid and binding precedent. I know we have other urgent business to move to, but I will simply say that I am grateful for the work of my col-league from Arizona. Despite the objec-tion of my colleague from Utah, I am convinced this is an important bill that we should continue to bring forward on the floor of the Senate. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Kelley nomination? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.011 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7155 November 28, 2018 
Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant bill clerk pro-ceeded to call the roll. The result was announced—yeas 62, nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 248 Ex.] YEAS—62 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—38 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Under the previous order, the motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Caro-lina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Lamar Alexander, John Cornyn, James M. Inhofe, John Kennedy, Mike Crapo, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, Mi-chael B. Enzi, David Perdue, John Boozman, Tim Scott, Lindsey Graham, James E. Risch, Steve Daines, Thom Tillis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Caro-lina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Caro-lina, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 50, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 249 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
(Mr. PORTMAN assumed the Chair.) The VICE PRESIDENT. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 50. The Senate being equally divided, the Vice President votes in the affirmative, and the motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Thomas Alvin Farr, of North Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S.J. RES. 54 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate proceed to legislative session, and Senator S
ANDERS , or his designee, be recognized to make a mo-tion to discharge S.J. Res. 54; further, that there be time for debate of the motion until 4 p.m. and of that time, 10 minutes be under control of the chair-man and 10 minutes for the ranking member, and the remaining time be equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees; that at 4 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the mo-tion to discharge; that following dis-position of the motion, the Senate re-sume executive session and the time spent in legislative session count postcloture on the Farr nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. f 
MOTION TO DISCHARGE—S.J. RES. 54 Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, pursu-ant to section 1013 of the Department of State Authorization Act, fiscal years 1984 and 1985, and in accordance with the provisions of Section 601(b) of the International Security Assistance and Arms Export Control Act of 1976, I move to discharge S.J. Res. 54 from the Committee on Foreign Relations. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is pending. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I want to speak very briefly on behalf of the resolution being offered today by Sen-ator S
ANDERS , Senator L EE, me, and several others. I encourage my col-leagues to support it. I want to use my brief time to respond to some of the ar-guments that the administration has made over the course of the last few days as to why we should not stand to-gether as a body and say that without a congressional declaration of war, the United States cannot and should not be involved in a disastrous civil war in Yemen. This is as important a vote as we will take in the Senate. Lives are at stake; lives are in the balance. I don’t need to repeat everything Senator S
ANDERS  and others have said about the humani-tarian catastrophe that exists inside that country. Yet this is different than other famines. This is different than other cholera outbreaks. This is dif-ferent than other humanitarian night-mares in which tens of thousands of children lose their lives because we are not just a spectator in Yemen; we are participant. The bombing campaign that is causing the worst humanitarian nightmare in the world today is caused by a military campaign of which the United States is a major player and participant. So we have something to say today about whether this civil war ends. We have something to say about whether this Congress is going to allow the administration to continue to per-petuate a war that has had no debate in the U.S. Congress. Let me take the four arguments the administration uses to try to argue against our resolution and talk to you a little bit about them. The first argument that has been made—it is probably the most clear in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.012 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7156 November 28, 2018 
Secretary Pompeo’s op-ed in the Wall Street Journal this morning—is that the real issue is not Saudi Arabia, it is Iran, and if we do not continue to sup-port the Saudis’ bombing campaign in-side Yemen, the result will be that Iran will win in the region. First, that exhibits a third-grade un-derstanding of the Middle East. The Middle East is not a zero-sum game be-tween the Saudis and the Iranians. Every time you do something that is potentially disadvantageous to the Saudis doesn’t mean it results in an equal-sized benefit for the Iranians. In fact, it may be that both countries are doing things that are deleterious to American national security. It may be that we want to pick and choose when we engage with the Saudis and when we don’t engage with the Saudis. Just because we choose not to engage in one particular aspect of Saudi foreign pol-icy does not mean that it equals a gift to the Iranians. Yet that is what Sec-retary Pompeo would have you believe; that if we don’t blindly support the Saudis’ civil war inside Yemen, then that will be a win for the Iranians. The reality is, while this civil war has been occurring, al-Qaida and ISIS have gotten stronger and more numer-ous. In fact, the greatest threat to the American homeland today comes from the wing of al-Qaida that is inside Yemen. This civil war that we have been helping to perpetuate is actually making our most sacred enemy even stronger inside that country. Second, there has to be a line that is crossed in which our ally has gone too far, that we are not willing to follow. Clearly, that has happened in Saudi Arabia as they intentionally bomb schools and hospitals and schoolbuses. Just because we stand up and say: We are not willing to support you, Saudi Arabia, in your targeted bombing of ci-vilians, that does not equally gift to Iran. We are still able to decide when we engage or not engage even with our allies. Third, a lot of folks seem to believe there is some command-and-control re-lationship between the Iranians and the Houthis. They are, certainly, tied together. There are, certainly, weapons capabilities that have been gifted, granted, to the Houthis by the Ira-nians, but the Houthis are not Hezbollah. This is not a group of fight-ers that Iran controls. In fact, as the civil war goes on and on and gets deep-er and deeper, the Houthis and the Ira-nians get closer and closer together. So as we continue to just feed enough sup-port to the Saudis to keep the civil war going, we are actually perpetuating the very end we seek to avoid, which is the merger of the Iranian regime and the Houthi rebels. They are becoming clos-er and closer the longer and longer the United States becomes engaged in this conflict. The Middle East is not a zero-sum game. You do not have to uncondition-ally back the Saudis in everything they ask of us simply because you don’t like the Iranians. That is not how the Middle East works. You can pick and choose the places in which you back up your ally—at no cost to your campaign—so as to try to delegitimize and reduce the influence of Iran. Second, the claim is that this resolu-tion, if it were to be agreed to, would hurt the negotiations that are sched-uled for next month. False. It is ex-actly the opposite for two reasons. One, the Saudis need to understand that our support is not unconditional, that they actually have to bend at the negotiating table. Right now, they don’t believe they have to do that. In fact, over the course of this civil war, they have been, more often than not, the reluctant party in these negotia-tions because they believe that if nego-tiations fall apart and they return to a state of military hostilities, the United States will give them whatever they need. It is really important right now for the Saudis to understand, as they head into these negotiations, that if these negotiations don’t succeed, there will be consequences. Second, the idea that the Houthis are ready to give up the fight, that they are tired, is also false. There is no evi-dence of that. The Houthis don’t be-lieve the negotiation is real, so they are prepared to just fight it out. If the Houthis believe the United States is an honest broker here, that there is some point at which we are unwilling to fol-low the Saudis into battle as they con-tinue to deliberately attack civilians inside Yemen, then the Houthis will be actually more willing to sit and talk at the negotiating table. Showing that there is some conditionality to our support for the Saudis, that there is some line on war crimes that they cross that is too far, is actually helpful in getting both of these parties closer together at the negotiating table. Third, the claims that if this resolu-tion were to be agreed to, it would hurt our work against al-Qaida and ISIS are absolutely false. Inside this resolution is an exclusion. What we say is, if there is an existing authorization for war in-side Yemen, this resolution does not erase it. There is an existing authoriza-tion for any campaign anywhere in the world that the United States launches against al-Qaida. The administration and the prior administration, the Obama administration, have expanded the 9/11 AUMF to cover ISIS as well, so nothing in this resolution hurts our ability to go after al-Qaida and ISIS in-side Yemen. All of those operations can continue, even if this is to be agreed to and becomes law. Second, al-Qaida has been growing in strength. ISIS had no foothold in Yemen before this civil war. It is stronger today than it was 3 years ago because, once again, like we did in Iraq for 10 years and like we are doing in Syria, we are giving just enough help to the Saudis to keep the civil war going without actually ever being will-ing to give enough force so as to be dis-positive on the ground. All we are doing is lengthening the civil war. Na-ture abhors a vacuum, and in the vacu-um that is created by that civil war, especially in the vast, ungovernable portions of Yemen, al-Qaida takes ad-vantage, and ISIS continues to grow. Every day we continue to just keep this thing going, our sworn Sunni ex-tremist enemies are getting stronger. Lastly, the argument is made that if the United States is not involved with the Saudis, the humanitarian night-mare would be worse. How could it be worse? How is that a justification? There are 85,000 children under the age of 5 who have died of starvation and disease. There are 22 million people in the country, and three-quarters of the population cannot live without human-itarian assistance. The world’s worst cholera epidemic in the history of the world is happening right now inside that country. Why? Because the Saudis have been deliberately hitting the water treatment facilities. I am not making this up. They have been tar-geting the water treatment facilities so you can’t get clean water, so people get cholera. Today, humanitarian supplies have been reduced by 50 percent to the Port of Hodeidah because, as we speak, the Saudis, with U.S. support, are bombing all around Hodeidah, and humanitarian agencies have cut off many of the sup-plies they would traditionally send into that capital. The humanitarian nightmare is getting worse right now, as we speak today, because this civil war continues to go on and on. It can’t get much worse than it is today, and there is no evidence that the U.S.’ participation in this cam-paign has made it better. In fact, since we have been sitting inside these tar-geting centers, with U.S. personnel helping the Saudis pick targets, more civilians have been killed, not fewer. We actually pulled out of the targeting centers at the end of the Obama admin-istration. The Obama administration made a determination in 2016 that we were potentially committing war crimes by being with the Saudis as they were choosing to hit the water treatment facilities, so they pulled our people out. There is no evidence that during the time we were not in the targeting cen-ters, the Saudis were hitting more ci-vilian targets. In fact, the evidence tells us that the deeper we get involved in the targeting decisions, the more they hit civilian targets. There is a perfectly reasonable explanation for that. So long as they have the United States inside the tent, they have moral cover for hitting civilian targets. They can use us to say: Well, the United States was there. It was inside the room when these decisions were made, so it can’t be that we are doing the kind of damage you say we are. The evidence doesn’t suggest the con-trary. The evidence says, the contrary is true—of a 160-percent increase in ci-vilians being killed just this year versus last year. So the Middle East 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.017 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7157 November 28, 2018 
isn’t a zero-sum game. The adoption of this resolution does not empower Iran. We are not obligated to follow the Saudis into every mistake they make. Second, this resolution will not hurt negotiations. It will absolutely help ne-gotiations by showing that the United States is going to be an honest broker. The Houthis are bad players. They have killed a lot of people. They have done a lot of damage inside that coun-try. This is not just a question of what the Saudis have done. Seventy percent of the civilians have been killed by Saudi bombs, but the Houthis need to be held to account for what they have done as well. We need to be a broker of peace. This resolution will help us be a broker of peace. Third, al-Qaida and ISIS can still be confronted, even if this resolution is agreed to, and the quicker this civil war ends, the less power they have. Fourth, theoretically, maybe things could be worse. Maybe we could have 185,000 children under the age of 5 die from starvation and disease, but this is not a justification to just stay the course. We need to shake up the stale-mate that exists today. We need to send a signal that the United States is not OK with the way the Saudis have perpetuated this war—frankly, the way they have lied to us over the course of the last several months about other things they are doing to quell dissent in and around the Kingdom. We need to send a message, but we also need to get the United States out of a conflict right now that is of no benefit to American national security and that has become a nightmare for people who are stuck in Yemen today. I urge the adoption of the resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my remarks begin at this point and not a minute or so ago. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as we all know, we have a constitutional obliga-tion as U.S. Senators to provide advice and consent to a President’s nominee. That is not advice and rubberstamp; it is advice and informed consent. I do my best to scrutinize each nomi-nee on the merits, regardless of party, and decide whether they deserve a life-time appointment to our Federal bench. During my 44 years in the Sen-ate, I have actually voted for more Re-publican nominated judges than almost all but one or two Republican Senators in this body today. The simple fact is, given Mr. Farr’s track record of working to systemati-cally dismantle the franchise for thou-sands of African-American voters, Thomas Farr becomes one of the most controversial nominees of either party I have ever encountered. Someone who has made a career out of attacking a sacred constitutional right, indeed the very right that gives democracy its name, simply does not belong on the Federal bench. Let’s begin with his role on Jesse Helms’ Senate campaign in 1990—a campaign I remember very, very well. The Department of Justice alleged that Senator Helms’ campaign sent thou-sands of postcards to every African- American precinct, falsely telling vot-ers that they were ineligible to vote and threatening prosecution against those who did. Mr. Farr served as a top lawyer to Senator Helms at the time. He appears to have misled Congress about his role in that brazen voter sup-pression scheme. When Senate Judici-ary Committee members asked Mr. Farr whether he knew about or had provided any counsel on the decision to send these postcards, Mr. Farr said he hadn’t learned about their existence until after they were mailed out, but a former DOJ official has stated that Mr. Farr definitely knew about the post-cards before they were sent out and that Mr. Farr’s responses to Congress were just plain contrary to the facts. Setting aside this outrageous at-tempt at voter suppression, each Sen-ator in this Chamber should care whether the President’s nominees tell the truth. If a nominee will not tell us the truth, especially when they are under oath, then they are unfit to take another oath—the oath of judicial of-fice. Mr. Farr’s embrace of voter suppres-sion appears only to have grown after his work on the Helms campaign. In 2013, he chose to defend North Caro-lina’s racially restrictive voting law—a voting law that the Fourth Circuit struck down because it ‘‘target[ed] Af-rican Americans with almost surgical precision.’’ Undeterred, between 2014 and 2017, Mr. Farr again defended North Carolina legislature in numerous lawsuits alleging that it had racially gerrymandered its State house and sen-ate map. In each of these cases, higher courts found North Carolina’s gerry-mandering to be unconstitutional. There is a pattern here. It is deeply troubling. Mr. Farr has dedicated his skills as a lawyer to suppressing the right to vote for minorities. His refusal to acknowledge, under oath, his in-volvement in disenfranchisement oper-ations makes him doubly unqualified for the Federal bench. I urge all Senators who care about the right to vote and who care about the right of this body to hear the whole truth from a President’s nominees, es-pecially when they are under oath, to vote no on Mr. Farr’s nomination. As a child, I remember going into voting booths with my parents in Montpelier, Vermont, and watching them vote. They emphasized to me, my brother, and my sister how important it was to be able to vote, that democ-racy required it. When our children were growing up, we said the same to them: Always vote. No matter who you vote for, vote. It is a sacred right. I have been in countries where people fought revolutions, had family mem-bers die for their right to vote, but they all show up; everybody who is left shows up when they can vote. I want to think that my grandchildren will have the right to vote when they grow up, that all of my grandchildren—no mat-ter what color their skin is—have the right to vote. That should be the same for everybody’s child, everybody’s grandchildren in this country. Mr. Farr doesn’t think that should be the case. He does not think people of color should be able to vote. That is wrong, and such a person does not de-serve my vote or any other Senator’s vote to sit on the Federal court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. COT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time of further quorum calls be equally divided between the two leaders. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SAUDI ARABIA BRIEFING  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there was a classified briefing this morning that Members of the Senate were in-vited to on a bipartisan basis, Demo-crats and Republicans. It is rare. We don’t do it very often. We do it when there is an important issue of national security and something else of great moment. What we came to discuss today was Saudi Arabia, and that discussion real-ly focused on our guests—the Secretary of State, Mr. Pompeo, and the Sec-retary of Defense, Mr. Mattis. They talked to us about our relationship with Saudi Arabia, for obvious reasons. Hardly anyone in the world could have missed what happened over the last several weeks when a man named 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.018 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7158 November 28, 2018 
Khashoggi went into the consulate for Saudi Arabia in Istanbul and never came out. We have a videotape that shows the Saudi citizen and American resident entering that building. For the longest time, there was a debate as to what ac-tually happened to him. All sorts of stories were manufactured and fab-ricated. It turned out that the Turks had access to audio recordings of what actually happened inside that con-sulate. They eventually made them public, released them to the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia as well as to the United States, and we came to learn that Mr. Khashoggi, a frequent critic of the Saudi royal family, was murdered. He walked into that consulate and never walked out alive. Some group flew in from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, am-bushed him, killed him, and, as hard it may be to believe, brought with them a bone saw so they could dismember him and take parts of his body out to be de-stroyed and buried somewhere in Tur-key. That story eventually emerged, and President Trump was confronted re-peatedly: What are we going to do about this? Saudi Arabia is supposed to be one of our allies. We have arms agreements with them. We are involved in a lot of things relative to energy and national security. For the longest time, the President was dismissive, saying: I have spoken to the royal family, and they have denied they had anything to do with it. Well, that excuse worked for a while but not very long. Once the recordings were released by the Turks, once the world came to grips with what actually happened to Mr. Khashoggi, serious questions were raised about this out-rageous abuse of human rights at the hands of the Saudi regime. There is a lot of speculation back and forth about who ordered it and who knew about it. Those questions may never be answered. But we do know that some 15 to 17 people close to the Crown Prince in Saudi Arabia have been implicated to the point where the Trump administration finally acknowl-edged that we have to do something. We have to take a stand even when it involves a country that has been our ally in many circumstances. If you read the history of Saudi Ara-bia’s relationship with the United States, it has a lot to do with oil. For the longest time, we counted on the Middle East for oil. We looked the other way. We helped them, and they made a fortune in the process. The opu-lence of the royalty in Saudi Arabia ri-vals any royalty in the modern world, and the lavish lifestyles of the Saudi princes as they travel around the world has been well documented. The United States has looked the other way many times because we needed the oil or we needed them as a strategic ally or a strategic partner. Those times have changed in some re-spects. We are becoming more energy independent. We are not as dependent on Saudi Arabia as we once were for energy supplies to fuel our economy. In the meantime, something else has happened within the Kingdom. There has been a transition of power to the Crown Prince, who is known as MBS. He is a young man in his thirties, and he announced when he came to power that he was going to make some real changes in Saudi Arabia. One big breakthrough he announced was that women would be allowed to drive cars. In the West, it is almost comical to think of that as a concession, but in Saudi Arabia, that is progress in a country that has been slow to give women recognition in roles they de-serve. Then he got engaged in foreign policy and started doing things that were hard to explain, one after the other. One of them was the decision to take the Prime Minister of Lebanon, Mr. Harari, and, basically, to put him under house arrest when he visited from Lebanon in the Royal Kingdom and, then, to have a confrontational re-lationship with Qatar, a country that we rely on for our military basing and support in the region. Then, of course, there is what brings us to the floor later this afternoon for an important— maybe historic—vote. He decided that the Saudis would invade Yemen be-cause they believed the Iranians were establishing a power base there and be-cause there was aggression from Yemen against Saudi Arabia. That decision to begin this war in Yemen sometime in the recent past re-sulted in outcomes that no one could have predicted. There are about 28 mil-lion people who live in Yemen. We esti-mate that 14 million of them, half of the people living in that country, are subjected now to a famine that threat-ens their very lives. We know that over 80,000 children have been killed so far in the war in Yemen. What is the role of the United States? Well, it is hard to define it in specific terms. At one point—I think it has been discontinued now—we were fueling the bombers the Saudis sent into Yemen, releasing the bombs that killed civilian populations and other innocent people. At one point—I think it is still the case—we were assisting them in targeting the areas in Yemen where they were going to drop their bombs. So the United States has not been on the sidelines. We have been involved. Our military, the best in the world, has been involved in helping the Saudis with this invasion of Yemen. They have discontinued, I understand, the fueling mission, but other things con-tinue. The question we have to ask our-selves now is this: Why are we there? By what constitutional authority? It is this little book here that is supposed to guide our conduct. By what constitu-tional authority is this administration and the Department of Defense waging a war in Yemen? It isn’t because of any vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate or the House of Representatives, though the Constitution is explicit that the declaration of war is in the hands of Congress—really, in the hands of the American people through Congress. In this case, whatever is going on in Yemen has never been expressly ap-proved. What they hearkened back to was a measure that was passed on the floor of the Senate 17 years ago, and I remem-ber because I was here. It was after 9/11. Who will ever forget that? Three thou-sand innocent Americans were killed by terrorists who crashed planes into the World Trade Center in New York and into a field in Pennsylvania. Do you know the nationality of the terror-ists who were on those planes, the ones who commandeered them and killed those innocent Americans? Saudis. They were all Saudis. Yet we passed this resolution saying the United States can use force to re-taliate against them, and I voted for it. We found them in Afghanistan. We went after them. But could anyone have possibly imagined that that vote 17 years ago gave authority to our gov-ernment today to engage in a war in Yemen? True, there are terrorists on the ground in almost every country in the Middle East, and you could justify our military involvement by saying we are fighting terrorism. But let’s be honest. This Constitution did not want a ge-neric declaration of war. It wanted us to be careful when we chose those bat-tlegrounds. So today we had a briefing by the Secretary of State, Mr. Pompeo, which I cannot recount in detail because it was in a classified setting, but we do know this. This morning, that same Secretary of State authored an article in the Wall Street Journal about this issue. It is entitled ‘‘The U.S.-Saudi Partnership is Vital,’’ by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. I would like to read the opening paragraph of Sec-retary of State Pompeo’s statement. When it comes to our relationship with Saudi Arabia and the war in Yemen, here is what he wrote: 
The Trump administration’s effort to re-build the U.S.-Saudi Arabia partnership isn’t popular in the salons of Washington, where politicians of both parties have long used the kingdom’s human-rights record to call for the alliance’s downgrading. The October murder of Saudi national Jamal Khashoggi in Turkey has heightened the Capitol Hill caterwauling and media pile-on. But degrad-ing U.S.-Saudi ties would be a grave mistake for the national security of the U.S. and its allies. 
It is a long article. Read it in its en-tirety and draw your own conclusions, but the first paragraph sets the tone. We are not discussing our role with Saudi Arabia in the salons of Wash-ington. We are discussing them on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Why? Because we were elected to do just that. The American people entrust us with the foreign policy of the United States and decisions that need to be made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.020 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7159 November 28, 2018 
about whether we commit American tax dollars or American lives in a mili-tary conflict. It isn’t some group of academics in a salon. It is Members of the U.S. Senate, duly elected, who are facing their responsibility to debate it today. Listen to these terms that the Sec-retary of State uses: ‘‘The October murder of Saudi national Jamal Khashoggi has heightened the Capitol Hill caterwauling and media pile-on.’’ ‘‘Caterwauling’’—you don’t run into that word much, do you? I went to look it up to make sure I understood it. It is the shrieking of cats when they are in a fight. So the national reaction—the inter-national reaction—to the cold-blooded murder of an American resident, a Saudi citizen and the dismemberment of his body and its disposal in ways we couldn’t even explain is ‘‘cater-wauling’’? To me, it is a reflection of your values, and, rightfully, people around the world are protesting that this sort of activity could happen. That is why we are bringing this measure before the Senate this after-noon. I see my colleague from Indiana is here. I thank him for his leadership. I will close with this. I am reluctant to display this picture, though it was on the front page of a major newspaper in the United States. But I want those who wonder why we are in this debate and why we are caterwauling about this assassination of Mr. Khashoggi to understand what is really the issue that we are debating and voting on. Amal Hussain died at the age of 7 in Yemen. ‘‘My heart is broken,’’ her mother said. She died just a few days after the picture was taken. She is a victim of famine in Yemen. This is what the decision is all about on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Will we con-tinue to expend American taxpayer dollars—even American lives—in sup-port of the Saudi regime and their in-vasion in the war in Yemen? I understand the threat of Iran, and I understand we have to stand up to their aggression when and where it takes place. But did we enlist in this war? Did the American people have a national debate about this war? Did we vote in the Senate to engage in this war? The answer is, clearly, no. I will be supporting this resolution that will be coming before us this afternoon. I thank my friend from Indi-ana for waiting an additional moment while I completed my remarks. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
NOMINATION OF KATHLEEN KRANINGER  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the nomination of Kathleen Kraninger to be Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, or CFPB. This is one of the most important po-sitions in our entire government—a job that is dedicated to protecting con-sumers from fraudsters, from predatory lending, and from dangerous financial products that can drive families to bankruptcy. Ms. Kraninger does not have the ex-perience or the values to hold such an important job. In fact, she has fully en-dorsed this administration’s ongoing efforts to systematically dismantle protections for consumers. This time last year, I led over 40 of my colleagues in writing to the Presi-dent urging him to nominate a profes-sional, bipartisan expert with a proven record of being tough on financial in-stitutions that rip off consumers. In-stead, this administration has spent the past year working to gut the CFPB under Interim Director Mulvaney. They have frozen data collection of consumer complaints and undermined enforcement tools. They have slow- walked enforcement actions and weak-ened protections for our servicemem-bers and seniors. They have stripped the Fair Lending Office of enforcement powers and closed the Office of Stu-dents and Young Consumers. Ms. Kraninger supports all of these actions, and all of these actions run contrary to the mission and to the purpose of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. This nominee is not a bipartisan pro-fessional with a proven record of finan-cial enforcement. She is a politically driven choice who will dismantle pro-tections for the men and women cur-rently serving in our military, and for our veterans, our students, our seniors, and all American consumers. I had the honor of serving on the Dodd-Frank conference committee, where we finalized the strongest Wall Street reform bill in a generation and created the CFPB. I have spent the past decade defending the CFPB from one attack after another—efforts to cut off its funding, efforts to make it harder for them to hire qualified staff, and efforts to make it harder for them to put in place important new protec-tions for the American people. It is unconscionable that this admin-istration will now spend the coming years attacking the CFPB from within by putting in place leadership that fun-damentally does not believe in pro-tecting consumers. We need to hold fi-nancial bad actors and special interests accountable, not let them set the CFPB’s agenda. My Democratic colleagues and I told the President this a year ago, and I will say it again. The Nation needs a professional, bipartisan expert with a proven record of being tough on finan-cial bad actors to run the CFPB. We must have a Director who is focused on the prosperity of all American families and not payday lenders and fraudsters. Ms. Kraninger does not meet the standard. So I will oppose her nomina-tion, and I urge my colleagues to join me. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss my vote on the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 54. This resolu-tion is a joint resolution to direct the removal of the U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by this Congress. As my colleagues well know, since March of 2017, I have focused on the hu-manitarian crisis in Yemen and ending the civil war that has made it so much worse. During that time period, I have spent as much time as anyone I can conceive of here on Capitol Hill focus-ing on this humanitarian tragedy in Yemen—this national security dis-aster. I have studied all sides of this issue and have tried to approach it with the seriousness it deserves. Before saying where I am going to come down on today’s vote, I wish to discuss why I opposed S.J. Res. 54 in March, what has happened since then, and why I plan to vote the way I do today. In March, I voted to table S.J. Res. 54. In a speech here on the Senate floor on March 20, I explained my three rea-sons for doing so at that time. First, I expressed concern that the bill hadn’t been considered and marked up by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, of which I am a member. Second, I said that it would never be-come law because the administration has threatened to veto it, and even if Congress were able to override a veto, I said it would fail to achieve its stated objective, because the administration rejects the premise that the legislation is related to hostilities in Yemen. Third, I said I wanted to introduce legislation that could actually pass and provide the administration with the le-verage it needs to pressure the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia to do two things: No. 1, end the civil war in Yemen, and, No. 2, improve the humanitarian situa-tion. What has transpired since then? Well, I, along with Senators SHAHEEN , COL-
LINS, and C OONS , introduced S.J. Res. 58 on April 11. Our bill required the Secretary of State to repeatedly certify the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia is taking urgent steps to end the civil war in Yemen, al-leviate the humanitarian crisis, and re-duce the risk to civilians. If he cannot make these written, detailed, and un-classified certifications, the legislation would prohibit U.S. air refueling for Saudi-led coalition aircraft, con-ducting missions exclusively focused on the civil war in Yemen. We, in a bipartisan way, worked suc-cessfully to ensure the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Senate Armed Services Committee passed versions of our legislation. We then worked, in a bipartisan way, to ensure it was included in the National Defense Authorization Act as section 1290, which the President of the United States signed into law. In September, pursuant to section 1290, Secretary of State Pompeo sent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.021 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7160 November 28, 2018 
Congress the required submission re-garding Saudi actions in Yemen. Sec-retary Pompeo chose not to use the na-tional security waiver and instead cer-tified that Saudi Arabia was indeed taking urgent steps to end the civil war in Yemen, to alleviate the humani-tarian crisis, and to reduce risk to ci-vilians. There were numerous problems with the Secretary of State’s certifications. No. 1, the Secretary certified that Saudi Arabia was undertaking demon-strable actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infra-structure resulting from military oper-ations in Yemen. That was not a cred-ible certification because we saw in the preceding months a dramatic increase in civilian casualties and deaths. No. 2, the Secretary certified that the Saudis were complying with appli-cable agreements and laws regulating defense articles purchased or trans-ferred from the United States. That also was not a credible certification be-cause the Secretary’s own memo-randum of justification for the section 1290 submission explicitly said the Saudis were not doing so. The docu-ment was directly and explicitly self- contradictory. In summary, as a group of us wrote in a letter I led on October 10 to our Secretary of State, it was ‘‘difficult to reconcile known facts with at least two of [the] certifications.’’ In other words, the Secretary’s September section 1290 certification—the law of the land, a statute signed into law by the Presi-dent of the United States—was not credible. Despite repeated requests for answers to our questions regarding Saudi Ara-bia and Yemen, we couldn’t get respon-sive or timely answers from the admin-istration. After repeatedly calling for the administration to do so, I appre-ciated the decision to no longer provide air refueling to the Saudis in Yemen. Again, I appreciated that decision. However, I was disappointed the ad-ministration didn’t use section 1290 to end the air refueling. Why is this important? Such an ap-proach would have demonstrated re-spect for the law and this article I branch of government. It would have also provided the administration addi-tional leverage to persuade the Saudis to support our objectives—not the Saudi’s objectives, our objectives—in Yemen. I also thought the claim the Saudis requested to end the refueling was, shall I say, lamentable. In our October 10 letter, seven of us—again, a bipar-tisan group—asked for answers on a number of questions related to Saudi Arabia and Yemen and the section 1290 certification. We asked for a response by October 31. Failing to receive those answers from the administration on November 15, more than 2 weeks after that deadline, I worked with Ranking Member M
ENENDEZ to introduce the Saudi Ara-bia Accountability and Yemen Act of 2018, S. 3652. Among other things, this bill seeks to ensure effective congres-sional oversight of U.S. policy on Yemen, provide leverage to push the stakeholders in Yemen’s civil war to-ward a political process, and address the world’s worst humanitarian crisis. I am told this is the worst crisis since the 1940s. Yesterday, the day before a potential vote on this legislation, we finally re-ceived a response to the October 10 let-ter. It was late, and it was unrespon-sive. For me, the briefing today with Secretaries Pompeo and Mattis, though appreciated, raised more questions than it answered. Let me now turn to today’s vote. Re-call my reasons for voting to table this bill in March. I wanted legislation to go through the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, and I wanted something that could actually become law. With the support of the chairman and the rank-ing member, that is exactly what we did with my legislation, which ulti-mately became section 1290 of the De-fense bill and was signed into law. Unfortunately, as I have laid out, the administration did not take that law seriously, and it submitted a certifi-cation with highly troubling and prob-lematic elements. That puts me in a very different place than last March. Plus, with 14 million people on the verge of starvation in Yemen and things getting worse by the day, there is no time to lose. I believe the Senate must speak clearly that we expect all parties—all parties—to the civil war to come urgently to the negotiating table to end the civil war. Let me lay out my thoughts on Iran in the big picture. There is, of course, Iranian influence in Yemen. Iran is the world’s worst state sponsor of ter-rorism, and Iran has played an im-moral and illegal role in Yemen. I will take a backseat to no one as an Iran hawk. I have studied the situation in Yemen as closely as anyone, and I be-lieve the best way to oppose Iran and Yemen and stop ballistic missile at-tacks on our partners is to bring all parties to the negotiating table, to end this civil war, and to address the hu-manitarian crisis. Famine and the indiscriminate tar-geting of civilians will only push more Yemenis toward Iran and its proxies, giving Tehran increased opportunities to threaten Americans, our allies, and our interests. If you are not sure about this, ask yourself the following questions: Does Iran have more or less influence in Yemen now than it did a year ago or than it did when the civil war started? Will Iran have more or less influence in Yemen if the civil war continues in-definitely? Solely from an anti-Iran perspective, I think an objective assessment of those questions demonstrates the need to end the civil war and the need to pursue an inclusive political solution that seeks to drive a wedge between the Houthis and Tehran. In addition, there is no way we are going to make any real or sustainable progress in the world’s worst humani-tarian crisis unless we end the civil war. Ending the civil war would also allow us to focus more effectively on isolating and killing members of ISIS and al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen. To counter Iran, to help 14 million people on the verge of starvation, and to more effectively go after ISIS and AQAP, we need the civil war over now. The United States has leverage with the Saudis to help bring this about, and we need to use all of that leverage immediately. We have not done so thus far. Since March of 2017, I have tried to give the administration all the lever-age it needs to accomplish the out-comes I have laid out. The administra-tion has failed to fully utilize the le-verage I provided, and so I have no choice. Based on that history, based on those facts, based on our national secu-rity interests, based on our humani-tarian principles, I plan to support S.J. Res. 54 today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise to express my concern about the contin-ued violence and humanitarian crisis in Yemen and to share my views on the resolution that is currently before us. The conflict in Yemen has persisted for far too long. I strongly support the ef-forts of the U.N. Special Envoy for Yemen, Martin Griffiths, to bring the internationally recognized Government of Yemen and the Houthis to the nego-tiating table in the near future, with the goal of reaching a sustainable po-litical solution. I also welcome the call by Secretary Mattis and others for a cease-fire that would provide space for such negotiations to occur while also providing a measure of relief to the Yemeni population that has suffered so horrifically during this conflict. According to the United Nations, half of Yemen’s population—approximately 14 million people—are on the brink of famine and entirely reliant on external aid for their own survival. These chal-lenges have been exacerbated by mass displacement in much of the country and recent fighting in the vicinity of Hudaydah—one of Yemen’s only func-tioning ports through which approxi-mately 70 percent of Yemen’s food and other supplies enter the country. Even when food is available for purchase, re-ports indicate that currency inflation has made it too expensive for most Yemenis to afford. More must be done by both the coalition and the Houthis to facilitate the flow of humanitarian aid into and throughout Yemen. I also have significant concerns about persistent reports of civilian cas-ualties and damage to civilian infra-structure in Yemen caused by both the Houthis and the coalition of Armed Forces led primarily by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, UAE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.023 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7161 November 28, 2018 
According to the United Nations, there have been nearly 17,000 documented ci-vilian casualties since the beginning of the conflict, although that number is likely much higher given the difficulty of investigating such incidents in a conflict zone. Most of these casualties have been the result of airstrikes led by the Saudi-led coalition. Unfortunately, well-intentioned ef-forts by the United States to help the coalition avoid civilian casualties have not produced sufficient results. Far too many of the strikes by the coalition have killed or injured civilians and re-sulted in the destruction of infrastruc-ture needed to provide basic services to the population, thereby exacerbating the humanitarian crisis. Secretary Pompeo’s September cer-tification that the coalition is taking demonstrable action—in his words—to reduce the risk to civilians does not seem to be borne out by the facts on the ground. According to reports, civil-ian casualty incidents increased dra-matically over the summer. Indeed, Secretary Pompeo’s own certification acknowledged that ‘‘recent civilian casualty incidents indicate insufficient implementation reforms and targeting processes’’ and ‘‘investigations have not yielded accountability measures’’ into the behavior of coalition pilots flying missions into Yemen. Any U.S. support to the Saudi-led co-alition needs to be considered in a thoughtful and deliberate manner. From a policy perspective, we should distinguish between assistance that is provided for defensive or noncombat purposes and that which could be used to enable offensive military operations in the Yemeni civil war. I strongly sup-port the recent announcement by Sec-retary of Defense Mattis that the U.S. would no longer provide aerial refuel-ing support to the Saudi-led coalition— an outcome I have long advocated for. Earlier this year, I led an effort with Senator B
LUMENTHAL and a number of other colleagues to raise concern about the apparent inability of the Depart-ment of Defense to account for the re-quired reimbursements from members of the Saudi-led coalition for aerial re-fueling support provided by the United States. We were informed yesterday afternoon that, as a result of our in-quiry, the Department has found errors in accounting and will now be seeking full reimbursement from Saudi Arabia and UAE for aerial refueling support provided from March 2015 through Sep-tember of this year—an action that is expected to recover millions of dollars in U.S. taxpayer funds. Going forward, I believe that any U.S. assistance to members of the Saudi-led coalition should be explicitly limited to the following objectives: first, enabling counterterrorism oper-ations against al-Qaida and ISIS; sec-ond, defending the territorial integrity of Saudi Arabia and the UAE, including against ballistic missile and UAV threats; third, preserving freedom of navigation in the maritime environ-ment around Yemen; and fourth, en-hancing the training and profes-sionalism of their armed forces, with a primary focus on the adherence to the law of armed conflict and the preven-tion of civilian casualties. With particular regard to defense against ballistic missile and UAV threats, the United States cannot be in the position of providing targeting in-formation in Yemen that would be mis-used by Saudi or UAE forces either de-liberately or through carelessness. I recently joined a bipartisan group of colleagues in introducing a bill that would advance these principles. Among other things, the bill would suspend of-fensive weapon sales to Saudi Arabia, prohibit a resumption of U.S. refueling of Saudi-led coalition aircraft, and re-quire sanctions for persons blocking humanitarian access and those who are supporting the Houthis in Yemen. I be-lieve these actions would contribute to a resolution of the conflict in Yemen by making the best use of the tools and leverage available to the United States. The United States can and should en-gage with the Saudi-led coalition if there is a possibility that we can help minimize collateral damage by pro-viding them with training and advice on best practices. To date, such en-gagement by U.S. military personnel has resulted in the incorporation of a no-strike list into target development procedures, a cessation of the use of cluster munitions, and the formation of a joint assessment team to inves-tigate strikes that result in collateral damage. These are positive steps, but it is clear that the coalition has not suffi-ciently minimized the impact of the war on Yemeni civilians, and more must be done. Both Saudi Arabia and the UAE face a significant threat from Houthi rebels armed with ballistic missiles—appar-ently with the technical assistance of Iran. There have reportedly been doz-ens of such attacks against Saudi Ara-bia since the spring of 2015, including against numerous civilian targets. I support the right of our partners to de-fend themselves from these threats and believe that continued sharing of U.S. intelligence for strictly defensive pur-poses—not to be used as an excuse for offensive operations in Yemen—is ap-propriate. I continue to support U.S. engage-ment for the purposes and in accord-ance with the principles outlined above—activities that I do not believe conflict with the War Powers Resolu-tion. The resolution before us would make clear that Congress does not sup-port the introduction of U.S. forces into hostilities in Yemen absent an af-firmative authorization for the use of military force. I commend my col-leagues—Senators Sanders, Murphy, and Lee—for their continued efforts to keep focus on the need to bring an end to the violence in Yemen. When we last considered this resolu-tion 8 months ago, I was hopeful that a negotiated settlement to the conflict was attainable and expressed concern about the possibility of escalation. I also hoped that the principles I articu-lated above could be rigorously adhered to. Unfortunately, since that time, fighting in Yemen has continued to in-tensify, civilian casualty incidents have risen, and the humanitarian crisis has only worsened. The status quo can-not persist, and the Senate should take every opportunity to make its views clear. For that reason, I intend to sup-port this resolution. Moreover, the administration must make it clear to both the Saudi-led co-alition and the Houthis that there is no military solution to this conflict and that the time has come to reach a ne-gotiated settlement. The conflict in Yemen has negatively impacted the strategic security interests of the Saudis, the Emiratis, and the United States. It has emboldened Iran and re-lieved pressure on al-Qaida and ISIS. Most importantly, the conflict has re-sulted in the largest humanitarian dis-aster facing the world in recent mem-ory. It is time for this war to stop. It is also appropriate to reassess our relationship with Saudi Arabia in re-sponse to the brazen murder of Jamal Khashoggi and other violations of human rights. We must ensure that all individuals who played a role in direct-ing, planning, and carrying out the murder are held accountable. Despite denials by the President, it is incon-ceivable to me that such an operation would be conducted without at least the awareness of Crown Prince Muhammed bin Salman—if not in its planning, then certainty in its imme-diate aftermath. The Crown Prince ef-fectively controls all levers of power in Saudi Arabia, and it is no coincidence that those who have been publicly identified as most directly responsible for the murder included his closest ad-viser and numerous members of the Saudi Royal Guard. If the Saudis are now being honest—despite repeated de-nials and shifting explanations for the disappearance of Khashoggi—then they should voluntarily submit to an inde-pendent international investigation. President Trump should also publicly release a declassified assessment of our intelligence community with respect to what role Saudi Crown Prince Muhammed bin Salman and other Saudi leaders had in the murder. Finally, the Senate should imme-diately take up and pass the bipartisan Saudi Arabia Accountability and Yemen Act of 2018, which is com-prehensive legislation to ensure effec-tive congressional oversight of U.S. policy toward Saudi Arabia and Yemen, and demand meaningful ac-countability for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.024 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7162 November 28, 2018 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I stood be-fore this body in March of this year to protest our country’s unconstitutional intervention in Saudi Arabia’s bloody war in Yemen. I was proud to stand with my colleagues, Senators S
ANDERS  and M
URPHY , to file a discharge motion of our resolution, S.J. Res. 54, which would remove U.S. Armed Forces from Yemen. At that time, members of the For-eign Relations Committee requested additional time to study the issue and to debate the resolution in the Foreign Relations Committee. The chairman of that committee, my friend and col-league from Tennessee, Senator C
ORKER , requested this with the com-mitment to ‘‘bring forth legislation to actually appropriately deal with many of the issues relative to Yemen, Saudi Arabia, and ourselves.’’ So with that, the Senate voted to table the motion. Since then, the committee has held a hearing on this issue and introduced a separate bipartisan bill to address it, but no further action has been taken. So today, 8 months later, the blood-shed continues, still abetted by the United States, even amidst further rev-elations of Saudi depravity. It is long past overdue that Congress remove U.S. forces from Yemen, as recent cir-cumstances only confirm. Today, we have a chance to remedy our course of action and to do what the Constitution and justice demand. The situation in Yemen is dire. The war has killed tens of thousands of in-nocent civilians—human beings, lest we forget—each one of them possessing immeasurable dignity and inherent worth. It has created refugees, orphans, widows, and has also displaced count-less families. The numbers and the inhumanity are staggering—nothing short of it. Since 2015, more than 10,000 civilians have died, and 40,000 have been wounded. In an attack just a few months ago, a bomb was dropped on a school bus that killed 40 young boys who were on a school trip and wounded another 56 children. What few Americans knew until re-cently is that the U.S. military has ac-tually been making the crisis worse by helping one side bomb these innocent civilians. So how did we get entangled in this crisis to begin with? In March of 2015, Saudi Arabia launched a war against the Houthi rebels shortly after the Houthis ousted the Saudi-backed government in the capital city of Sanaa. The Obama ad-ministration, without consulting Con-gress, quickly authorized U.S. military forces to provide ‘‘logistical and intel-ligence support’’ to the Saudi-led coali-tion. U.S. military support has contin-ued since then, including midair refuel-ing, surveillance, reconnaissance infor-mation, and target selection assist-ance. In other words, we have been sup-porting and actively participating in the activities of war in Yemen. But article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution states that Congress shall have the power to declare war—Con-gress, not the President, not the Pen-tagon, not someone else in the execu-tive branch, not any other part of gov-ernment but Congress. The Founders could not have been any clearer about this. They did so with very good reason. The Founders set up our system of gov-ernment in such a way as to protect the people from the dangers associated with the excessive accumulation of power in the hands of the few. We know from experience and we knew then from our young Nation’s experience under British rule that bad things hap-pen, especially on a national level, when too few people exercise too much power and that power goes unchecked. Nowhere is this more evident than in the case of the power to declare war. So the Founders placed that war power squarely in the legislative branch, the branch where honest, open, and public debate is supposed to hap-pen and the branch that is held most accountable to the people through elec-tions at the most regular intervals. As Alexander Hamilton pointed out in Federalist Paper 69, this power would not be exercised by the executive branch so that it would be less likely to be abused, just as it was when the King of England acted in and of him-self, by himself, to send his country— and ours, for that matter—into war. Now, some opponents of our resolu-tion claim that our involvement in Yemen is somehow constitutionally justified under the War Powers Act of 1973. This isn’t true. It is true that the War Powers Act makes it possible for the executive branch of government acting alone to use Armed Forces in cases of emergencies and subject to certain limited, defined time con-straints. But the conflict in Yemen by no means—in no way, shape, or form— constitutes a threat to the safety of American citizens. Our involvement has far surpassed the allotted emer-gency time constraint. The Houthis, while no friends of ours, are a regional rebel group that does not itself threaten American national secu-rity. In fact, the longer we fight against them, the more reason we give them to hate America and embrace the opportunists who are our true enemy in the region—Iran. The more we pro-long the activities that destabilize the region, the longer we harm our own in-terests in terms of trade and broader regional security. The War Powers Act also states that the assignment of U.S. Armed Forces to coordinate or participate in hos-tilities of a foreign country constitutes a conflict of war. Some have argued that we have not been engaging in hos-tilities and therefore have not violated the War Powers Act, but this claim, too, falls flat on its face. We have spe-cifically aided the Saudi coalition with midair refueling and target selection assistance. As Defense Secretary Jim Mattis himself said in December of 2017, our military is helping the Saudis ‘‘make certain [they] hit the right thing.’’ In other words, we are helping a foreign power bomb its adversaries. If that doesn’t constitute hostilities, I don’t know what does. Finally, some critics say that this resolution would somehow hurt our ef-forts to combat terrorism in the re-gion, specifically, al-Qaida and ISIS. However, the resolution explicitly states that it would not impede the military’s ability to fight these terror groups. In fact, the U.S. effort in Yemen has arguably undermined the effort against al-Qaida’s affiliates. The State Depart-ment’s country reports on terrorism for 2016 found that the conflict between the Saudi-led forces and the Houthi in-surgents has helped al-Qaida in the Arabia peninsula—AQAP—and ISIS’s Yemen branch to ‘‘deepen their inroads across much of the country.’’ It appears that our involvement in Yemen accomplishes no good at all— only harm, and serious consequential harm at that. The situation in Yemen now poses a true humanitarian crisis. The country is on the brink of rampant disease and mass starvation. An estimated 15 mil-lion people don’t have access to clean water and sanitation, and 17 million don’t have access to food. More inno-cent lives are being lost every single day. My position on this has not changed for the past 8 months, but with the taking of another innocent life—that of Jamal Khashoggi—the circumstances have only further deteriorated. Intelligence suggests, despite his re-peated denials, that the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia himself ordered the murder. Saudi Arabia’s moral deprav-ity has only been made plainer. This is not an ally that deserves our support or military intervention on its behalf, especially when our own secu-rity is not itself on the line. On the contrary, to continue supporting them in this war would be bad diplomacy and undermine our very credibility. U.S. intervention in Yemen is unau-thorized, unconstitutional, and im-moral. We must not—we cannot—delay voting to end our involvement and our support of Saudi Arabia any further. If we do, we have ourselves to blame for our country’s lost credibility on the world stage, and, more importantly, our own consciences will bear the blame for the thousands of lives that will surely continue to be lost. The Founding Fathers had incredible wisdom in requiring these issues— issues of American blood and American treasure—to be debated and discussed between two equal branches of govern-ment. They understood that matters of war and alliances must constantly be reconsidered and reevaluated—and in an open, honest, and public manner. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.026 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7163 November 28, 2018 
That is one of our most solemn duties in this body, and it is the opportunity that lies squarely before us today. We owe it to the sons and daughters of the American people who put their sons and daughters in harm’s way to defend us. We owe it to their parents and their families, and we owe it to ourselves, who have taken an oath to uphold, protect, and defend the Con-stitution of the United States. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the motion to discharge the resolu-tion. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me thank Senator L
EEfor his leadership on this resolution. At a time when many bemoan the lack of bipartisan-ship, we are seeing it here—people com-ing together around an issue of enor-mous concern. I want to thank Senator L
EEand Senator C HRIS MURPHY of Con-necticut, also one of the leaders in this effort, and the other 17 cosponsors of this resolution. In one-half hour or so, we are going to be casting one of the most impor-tant foreign policy votes that we have cast in recent years. It is a vote to de-mand that the humanitarian crisis in Yemen be addressed. It is a vote that will tell the despotic dictatorship in Saudi Arabia that we will no longer be part of their destructive military ad-venturism. It is a vote, as Senator L
EE just mentioned, that says that the Sen-ate respects the Constitution of the United States and understands that the issue of war-making—of going to war, putting our young men and women’s lives at stake—is something deter-mined by the Congress, not the Presi-dent of the United States. It is a con-gressional decision, not a Presidential decision, whether that President is a Democrat or a Republican. In March of 2015, under the leadership of Muhammed bin Salman—then Saudi Defense Minister and now the Crown Prince—Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates intervened in Yemen’s ongoing civil war. Let’s be clear. Yemen has been a poor and struggling country for many years, but as a result of the Saudi-led inter-vention, Yemen is now experiencing the worst humanitarian disaster in the entire world. In one of the poorest countries on Earth, as a result of this war—accord-ing to the Save the Children organiza-tion—some 85,000 children have already starved to death and millions more face death, face starvation, if this war continues. According to the United Nations, Yemen is at risk of the most severe famine in more than 100 years, with some 14 million people facing starva-tion. Further, Yemen is currently experi-encing the worst cholera outbreak in the world, with as many as 10,000 new cases developing every week, according to the World Health Organization. Cholera is a disease spread by infected water that causes severe diarrhea and dehydration and will only accelerate the death rate and the misery in that country. The cholera outbreak, as it happens, has occurred because Saudi bombs have destroyed Yemen’s water infrastructure, and people are no longer able to access clean water. The fact is that the United States, with limited media attention, has been Saudi Arabia’s partner in this horrific war. We have been providing the bombs that the Saudi-led coalition is using. We have been refueling their planes be-fore they drop those bombs. We have been assisting with intelligence. In too many cases, our weapons are used to kill civilians. As is now well known, in August there was an Amer-ican-made bomb that obliterated a schoolbus full of young boys, killing dozens and wounding many more. A CNN report found evidence that Amer-ican weapons have been used in a string of such deadly attacks on civil-ians since the war began. According to the independent monitoring group Yemen Data Project, between March 2015 and March 2018, more than 30 per-cent of the Saudi-led coalition’s tar-gets have been nonmilitary. A few weeks ago, I met with some brave human rights activists from Yemen, and they are urging Congress to put a stop to this war. They told me that when Yemenis see ‘‘Made in U.S.A.’’ on the bombs that are killing them, it tells them that the U.S.A. is responsible for this war, and that is the sad truth. This is not the message the United States of America should be sending to the world. The bottom line is that the United States should not be supporting a cata-strophic war led by a despotic regime with a dangerous and irresponsible military policy. Above and beyond the humanitarian crisis, this war has been a disaster for our national security and the security of our allies. The administration defends our en-gagement in Yemen by overstating Ira-nian support for the Houthi rebels. While Iran’s support for Houthis is of serious concern to all of us, the fact is that the relationship between Iran and the Houthis has only been strength-ened with the intensification of this war. The war is creating the very prob-lem the administration claims to want to solve. The war is also undermining the broader effort against violent ex-tremists. A 2016 State Department re-port found that the conflict had helped al-Qaida and the Islamic State’s Yemen branch ‘‘deepen their inroads across much of the country.’’ This war is both a humanitarian dis-aster and a strategic disaster in our fight against international terrorism. Further, let’s never forget that Saudi Arabia is an undemocratic monarchy controlled by one family—the Saud family. In a 2017 report by the conservative Cato Institute, Saudi Arabia was ranked 149th out of 159 countries in terms of freedom and human rights. For decades, the Saudis have funded schools, mosques, and preachers who promote an extreme form of Islam called Wahabbism. In Saudi Arabia today, women are treated as third-class citizens. Women still need the permis-sion of a male guardian to go to school or to get a job, have to follow a strict dress code, and can be stoned to death for adultery or flogged for spending time in the company of a man who is not their relative. Earlier this year, Saudi activist Loujain al-Hathloul—a leader in the fight for women’s rights— was kidnapped from Abu Dhabi and forced to return to Saudi Arabia. She is currently being held without charges. The same is true of many other Saudi political activists. Sadly, President Trump continues to proclaim his love and affection for the Saudi regime. The brutality and law-lessness of that regime was made clear to the whole world with the murder of dissident Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi in the Saudi consulate in Turkey. Pathetically, as part of his continuing respect for authoritarian regimes around the world, President Trump rejected the findings of the CIA’s assessment that the Saudi Crown Prince was responsible for that murder. Finally, an issue that has long been the concern of many of us—and Sen-ator LEEtouched on that very thought-fully—it is the Congress, not the Presi-dent of the United States, who, under our Constitution, has war-making re-sponsibility. For too long, under Demo-cratic and Republican Presidents, we have abdicated that responsibility. Today, I say to my conservative friends: Respect the Constitution. Re-claim Congress’s rightful role on the issues of war and peace. Congress has not authorized the war in Yemen; therefore, that war is unconstitutional, and that must change and must change now. In a few minutes, we are going to un-dertake a very important vote, and I hope that all of my colleagues—Demo-crats, Republicans, Independents—will vote to discharge this resolution. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I know Senator I
NHOFE is trying to get to fly home. Do we know the order here? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no consent request setting up an order. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I am happy to yield to the chairman. I understand Senator I
NHOFE wants to speak to this issue. Mr. CORKER. No. Mr. MENENDEZ. No, he doesn’t want to speak to this issue. I am happy to yield to the chairman, or I am ready to go—whichever way you want. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.027 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7164 November 28, 2018 
Mr. CORKER. We will both speak very briefly. Why don’t you go ahead, and then I will go. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today to speak to S.J. Res. 54, leg-islation brought forward by Senators Lee, Sanders, and Murphy more than 8 months ago. The past 2 years have re-minded us time and again of the urgent responsibility of Congress to perform real checks and balances and to stead-fastly defend our American values both at home and abroad. I thank them for their continued efforts throughout these intervening months to shed light on the devastating humanitarian crisis in Yemen and to make sure this body fulfills its oversight duties. Over the last 3
1⁄2years, the tragic hu-manitarian crisis in Yemen has contin-ued to deteriorate. More than 10,000 people are dead and 14 million people are on the brink of starvation. We have seen the heartbreaking photos of mal-nourished starving children on the brink of death. We have learned from U.N. reports of the cholera outbreaks that jeopardize more than 10,000 people every week. We have come to the con-clusion that the status quo cannot stand. Back in March, I joined a majority of my colleagues in voting to table this resolution with the understanding that the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee would hold hearings to fully weigh our options in Yemen and the hope that the administration would strategically leverage our limited mili-tary support for the Saudi coalition to lessen civilian casualties, to influence a potential political settlement, or at the very least prevent the situation from getting worse. At the time, I also made clear to this body, to the President, and to the Saudi Government that our relation-ship and our limited military support was not and is not a blank check. I had hoped the administration would pro-vide convincing evidence that our mili-tary support was, in fact, reducing ci-vilian casualties—a goal we heard re-peatedly emphasized by U.S. officials. I had hoped the administration would use this foreign policy tool to advocate for a meaningful political process. Unfortunately, this administration has failed to adequately address either problem. The Saudi coalition has not provided any more confidence in its op-erations. Despite being reassured that our engaging with the Saudis was de-creasing civilian casualties, the facts on the ground speak far more power-fully against those assertions. On a broader scale, we are seriously evaluating our bilateral relationship with Saudi Arabia. The bombing of a schoolbus full of children and other ci-vilian targets is not something I want America’s fingerprints on. Make no mistake—the United States and Saudi Arabia do share common se-curity interests. Saudi Arabia faces real and imminent threats from Yem-eni-originated attacks inside its terri-tory—from ballistic and SCUD missile attacks aimed at major Saudi popu-lation centers, to cross-border attacks by Iranian-backed Houthis. Meanwhile, Iran continues its desta-bilizing behavior across the Middle East, and the terrorists with al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula take advan-tage of the security breakdown. I continue to believe the United States must live up to our commit-ments and support our partners in the face of real and imminent threats, but over the past year, I have failed to see how continued U.S. military support for the Saudi-led coalitions operations in Yemen have, in fact, promoted our interests or, indeed, the long-term in-terests of the Saudi population. As I said in March, this particular resolution raises the question of how we leverage all of the foreign policy tools at our disposal to advance peace and prevent the tragic loss of more human life. Today, it is clear to me that the sta-tus quo is not advancing these critical interests. The limited military support we are providing the Saudi coalition is not our best tool, and today I offer my support for discharging something I normally oppose—discharging a resolu-tion from the committee. I call on the administration again to develop a cogent strategy, in concert with the international community, to compel all the parties to the negoti-ating table and to ensure that the mil-lions of Yemenis at risk of starvation receive the humanitarian support that is ready to be delivered. I have also worked with Senators Y
OUNG , REED, GRAHAM , SHAHEEN , and C
OLLINS , as well as with my colleague Senator M
URPHY , to introduce legisla-tion with reference to the Saudi Arabia Accountability and Yemen Act of 2018. I had hoped the committee would have considered this legislation and that we would have had a vote on it in this Congress. In the aftermath of the Saudi Gov-ernment’s murder of U.S. resident and journalist Jamal Khashoggi and of the whitewashing the Trump administra-tion has performed to avoid real con-sequences for those who ordered his death, this legislation is needed now more than ever. Without a real diplo-matic and political strategy, there is no end to this conflict. There is no end to the violence. There is no end to the human suffering. It is time we bring this resolution to the floor for the full consideration of the Senate. Over the last several months, I have seen nothing to convince me that our limited military support for the Saudi coalition’s efforts in Yemen continues to serve our national security interests or to reflect America’s enduring values and commitment to freedom and human rights. I continue to believe that an absence of American leadership undermines our interests, our security, and the security of our allies. An American presence does not necessarily equal American leadership. America’s leadership on the global stage must al-ways be driven by a sense of purpose and moral clarity. I feel that when we lose that sense of moral clarity, that sense of purpose, then we lose who we are as a nation, and we lose sight of the very values that make America a lead-er of nations. That is, in fact, what we have lost sight of here. I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Sanders- Murphy resolution. It is time to end our involvement in the war in Yemen. In 2015, I was notified by a senior Saudi official of the Kingdom’s inten-tion to take military action in Yemen. I was assured the conflict would not last long. I was told it would be precise and focus on ousting the Houthis and restoring the Hadi government. Nearly 4 years later, the war in Yemen has dragged on. All we have seen is widespread death and destruc-tion with no end in sight. For nearly 4 years, the coalition has bombed Yemen once every 100 minutes, and one-third of those strikes targeted nonmilitary sites. So far, the war has directly killed more than 16,000 civilians, with tens of thousands more injured. Without a res-olution to this conflict, many thou-sands more will undoubtedly die. But those deaths don’t paint the whole picture. The ongoing war, with our support, has created the world’s worst humanitarian disaster. Nearly 85,000 children have died of se-vere malnutrition, and another 400,000 are at risk of the same fate. Fourteen million people require emergency food aid just to see another day. A majority of Yemen’s population does not have access to clean water, sanitation or adequate public healthcare. Cholera and other diseases are ramp-ant throughout Yemen as public serv-ices have collapsed. There have been 1.2 million suspected cases of cholera, resulting in 2,500 fa-talities from this entirely preventable disease. Today, nearly three-quarters of the population—almost 22 million people— need some form of humanitarian assist-ance. That is because more than half of Yemen’s healthcare facilities have been purposefully destroyed by the Saudi coalitions’ relentless bombing. The few medical facilities that remain lack sufficient staff, equipment, and medicine to serve the millions of Yem-enis who require their help. The conflict is getting worse. Since the coalition’s assault on the port city of Hodeidah, civilian deaths have in-creased by 164 percent. The United States can no longer turn a blind eye to this conflict because we are a party to it. The United States provides targeting assistance, military advice, and until recently, aerial re-fueling for the Saudi-led coalition. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.033 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7165 November 28, 2018 
do all that despite the lack of a mili-tary solution to end the war. The longer we enable the conflict to con-tinue, the more innocent men, women, and children will die. Instead of facilitating endless fight-ing, we must push for reconciliation. I have personally urged Saudi and Ira-nian officials to meet to discuss their differences. To my great disappoint-ment, they refuse to do so. I welcomed Secretary Mattis’s announcement that the United States will no longer refuel the coalition’s aircraft, but more must be done. Until there is a congressional author-ization, all U.S. forces supporting the coalition’s war should be withdrawn. That is why I support the Sanders-Lee resolution. Voting to remove our forces will send a clear message that we will no longer be complicit in this conflict. Secretaries Mattis and Pompeo have publicly called for a ceasefire, which has been ignored. By ending our participation in this brutal war, we will send an unambig-uous message that we will not accept continued bloodshed. I am voting for the Sanders-Lee reso-lution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the issue before us. On every occasion, I too have done what is necessary to keep us from alienating our ally Saudi Arabia. I think I was the last man standing, dur-ing the Obama administration, in my trying to make sure that the JASTA bill, at the time, ended up being cor-rected in such a manner that it wouldn’t have had unintended con-sequences. I did so unsuccessfully. Yet, on multiple occasions, I have stood with others to make sure that we have not blocked arms sales and that we have not done those things that might have undermined our relationship. For those who are tuning in, let me walk through what the process is. We have a vote, today, on dis-charging this piece of legislation out of the Foreign Relations Committee. That is all that is happening today. There is an Executive Calendar in which we have cloture votes pending on nominees. That will burn off. Then, sometime next week, after this is dis-charged today—if it is so successfully— there will be another vote to actually proceed to this bill. If we proceed to the bill, what will happen will be a se-ries of amendments that will be voted upon. Then there will be another vote at the end of that as to whether people will actually support the product that will have been created. I just want to make it clear that what I am not doing today is voting for the substance before us; yet I reserve the right to do so. I am voting on our ability to have a debate as it relates to our relationship with Saudi Arabia. We had a briefing today, which was very unsatisfactory, by two people whom I highly respect. Secretary Mattis and Secretary Pompeo are two people with whom I work closely and admire greatly. I found their briefing today to be lacking. I found, in sub-stance, that we are not doing those things that we should be doing to ap-propriately balance our relationship with Saudi Arabia between our Amer-ican interests and our American val-ues. There has been a lot of rhetoric that has come from the White House and from the State Department on this issue. The rhetoric that I have heard and the broadcast that we have made around the world as to who we are has been way out of balance as it relates to American interests and American val-ues. As I said this morning in the SCIF, where we were having this briefing, I hope that in the ensuing few days— maybe this afternoon—the administra-tion itself will take steps to rectify this balance in an appropriate way. As to whether the Crown Prince was involved in this killing, it is my belief that he was. It is my belief that he or-dered it, but I don’t have a smoking gun. What I do know is that he is re-sponsible for this agency that carried out the killing. He has done nothing to take ownership of what has happened, and that is an affront not just to the American people but to the world. The administration, in its broadcast, in its referring to this issue, has been way out of balance as it relates to what is important to us—their buying arms from us but neglecting this other piece and not demarching the leadership of Saudi Arabia in an important way. So what I am doing today is voting to dis-charge this bill out of our committee. There will be another opportunity next week to decide whether we will proceed to it. As I said to the administration again this morning, it is my hope that it will figure out a way to bring American in-terests and American values into bal-ance so that it can cause the Saudi Arabian Government to take appro-priate ownership over what has hap-pened in the killing of this journalist. That, to me, would be the best solu-tion. If not, we will have another deci-sion to make, and that will occur next week when we will decide whether we want to proceed to that and then, after that, proceed to deal with the issue of Saudi Arabia. There will be another point in time at which we can decide whether we like the substance that may be created in an amendment proc-ess in our going through this. I support discharging this piece of legislation so that this body can have a fulsome debate about our relationship with Saudi Arabia as to what has hap-pened with the journalist, the impor-tant issue of the war in Yemen, and as to all of the things that we need to be doing as a country to counter what Iran is doing in the region. I yield the floor. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I yield back all time. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, out of respect for Senator I
NHOFE and a per-sonal issue he has to deal with, we would hope to be able to vote early. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the motion to discharge. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 63, nays 37, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 250 Leg.] YEAS—63 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cortez Masto Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Graham Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden Young 
NAYS—37 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford McConnell Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Wicker 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). On this vote, the yeas are 63, the nays are 37. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume executive session in consider-ation of the Farr nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I was happy to welcome back our colleagues this week from Thanksgiving and come back to work. A lot of stuff needs to be done and have some fresh energy and maybe some fresh ideas, but I hope my colleagues were able to get home for Thanksgiving and spend time with their families. I like to say the thing I like about Thanksgiving—it is my fa-vorite holiday, and people ask why. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.006 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7166 November 28, 2018 
has my six favorite F words: family, faith, friends, food, fun, football, among others. What is not to like about that—especially football that was played in Columbus, OH, on Satur-day afternoon. I hope all Americans were able to enjoy some combination of those things over the holiday week-end. You may be like me and many others across the country who took the long weekend to unplug a bit by turning off our phone, maybe turning off cable news, too, so we could reconnect with loved ones, but while many Americans were recharging—enjoying a good meal with family and friends, maybe watch-ing a football game or doing some early Christmas shopping—some major news broke over the weekend. Last Friday, on the day after Thanksgiving, 13 Federal agencies re-leased a nearly 1,700-page report high-lighting the devastating impacts cli-mate change will have over the next 80 years if we do not change course now. The report was a dire warning to our Nation and to our planet but one we might have easily missed while cele-brating the holiday with family and friends, and I am sure a lot of people did miss it. I suspect the fact that this major re-port was released on Friday of a holi-day weekend was not an accident. After all, the report, which was put to-gether by experts from over a dozen agencies within the Trump administra-tion, spells out the very real and very serious consequences of climate change—a global crisis that our Presi-dent has repeatedly called a hoax. In fact, just yesterday the President said he is not among the so-called believers who see climate change as a pressing problem. Luckily, we don’t have to just blind-ly believe in climate change. We can look at the facts. Despite the Trump administration’s best efforts to bury this report on a Friday afternoon, Fri-day evening, of a holiday weekend, those of us based in reality are going to make sure the clear facts in it are broadcast far and wide. This particular report took not a year, not 2 years but 3 years to write. It was written by more than 300 Fed-eral experts, non-Federal experts as well, who volunteered their time. It was only finalized after an extensive public outreach and interagency review process. This report wasn’t thrown to-gether to push any agenda. It is a sci-entific report, and its conclusions should be important to every person, not just living in my State or the 49 or 50 States but everybody who lives on this planet because it has implications for every single one of us. I would like to take a few minutes this afternoon to go over some of the highlights of the report. Why don’t we start with extreme weather. People ask: What do you mean by extreme weather? I mean, measuring rainfall by feet, not by inches. I am talking about fires in States on the west coast, espe-cially where the amount of land being consumed by the fires is almost the size of my State of Delaware. I am talking about the number of 500-year floods that are occurring every other year or every year. I am talking about the number of category 5 hurricanes that we have now compared to what it was 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 years ago. According to the latest report— which was, again, released by the Trump administration—climate change will continue to increase and intensify extreme weather events in the years to come. Over the last 3 years alone, ex-treme weather events have cost the United States nearly $400 billion in damages due to storm surges, due to flooding, due to wildfires, and due to crop freezes and crop droughts. So it has cost the U.S. Treasury $400 billion, and it comes at a time when our budget deficits are going up. The budget def-icit picked up between the last admin-istration and this administration, I think, somewhere—maybe $500 bil-lion—a huge amount of money. Last year’s deficit on this administration was, as I recall, maybe $750 billion. I am told the expectation for the budget deficit in this year is maybe as much as $950 billion. It wasn’t that long ago that the budget for our whole country was less than that. Why is $400 billion in damages from extreme weather important? We don’t have the money. We are borrowing this money, and these young pages and their children will get to pay for that someday. That is not fair. More powerful and more frequent ex-treme weather events will increase that figure exponentially and also have far-reaching impacts on people in every corner of this country and well beyond the borders of our country. Say someone happens to live in the Southwest. In 2017, Phoenix, AZ, set a new record of nearly 200 days with tem-peratures of at least 90 degrees Fahr-enheit. Think about that, Phoenix, AZ, 200 days with temperatures of at least 90 degrees Fahrenheit in 2017. By 2090, Phoenix could be dealing with an addi-tional 45 days—another month and a half—every year, which would be about 245 days, which would be about 8 months out of the year where the tem-perature in Phoenix is 80 or well above 90. That is another 6 weeks of extreme heat in addition to the city’s already recordbreaking temperatures. Let’s say somebody lives in the Southeast. Let’s take Charleston, SC, for example. Charleston, SC, experi-ences 38 days of tidal flooding every year. By 2045, the city could experience 180 days of tidal flooding every year— nearly five times the flooding that oc-curs today. Let’s say maybe somebody lives out West. By 2050, wildfire seasons could burn up to six times more forest area every year. I will say that again. That is hard to believe. By 2050, wildfire sea-sons could burn up to six times more forest area every year. We have all seen the historic and horrific devastation that fires in California have caused just this year alone—in fact, in the last several weeks alone, tragic fires. California is a big State. I used to live there when I was in the Navy. Sometimes it is difficult to put into context just how big and destructive these wildfires are. We have a poster here that I want to refer to as a wild-fire poster: This is Washington, DC, and the counties adjacent to Wash-ington, DC. It gives a little bit of con-text. Here is the area that the recent Camp Fire in California burned in rela-tion to a city that all of us who serve here are pretty familiar with, Wash-ington, DC, and the suburbs of this city. The Camp Fire burned an area over three times greater than Wash-ington, DC. That is how big it was. That is just one fire, in just one State, in 1 year. Imagine what we are going to be facing with up to six times more for-est areas burning every single year. Now, if the extreme weather conclu-sions don’t make some of our col-leagues jump to action, maybe the in-formation about the health impacts of climate change will cause them to take some notice. This report makes clear that increases in ozone and particle pollution will result in an additional $26 billion every year in healthcare costs across the country. Here is a particularly startling sta-tistic: Extreme hot and cold tempera-tures in 49 U.S. cities are projected to result in more than 9,000 additional premature deaths per year. That is not in a far-off developing nation. That is 9,000 more people dying right here at home in the USA, but if our colleagues are still not swayed by this year’s im-pacts to American health, maybe they will be moved by the impact that cli-mate change will have on our country’s already aging infrastructure. I think this is probably highway transportation infrastructure, if I am not mistaken. If we do not act, we can expect up to $26 billion in damages to our roadways and our railways every year due to climate change—$26 billion in damages to our roadways and our railways every year due to climate change. We have a poster here. There is a bridge. I am not sure where, but it is one of many bridges. We have thou-sands of bridges around this Nation. In-creases in rainfall in inland areas—not on the coast but in the middle of our country, the heartland—will threaten up to 6,000 bridges by the year 2090. Here is a statistic we will not be able to avoid. It deals with sea level rise. Since 1993, sea levels have risen by 3 inches. What we are looking at by 2100, according to folks who worked for the last 3 years on this Federal report from 13 Federal Agencies, we could be look-ing at as much as 6 feet in sea level rise. If we do nothing, by 2100, we could see sea levels rise by up to 6 feet. Those of us who lived through Superstorm Sandy saw the absolute destruction that can be caused by 3 inches of sea level rise. It is almost unimaginable to think about nearly 70 inches. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.038 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7167 November 28, 2018 
Maybe that is still not alarming enough to get some people’s attention. Perhaps the impacts on our farmers and ranchers might sway my col-leagues. Let me mention something in that regard. According to this report— the same Federal report—more fre-quent and intense rains, combined with rising temperatures, are likely to re-duce agriculture production in the Mid-west to 1980 levels. Roll back the clock to the levels of production in 1980 in the Midwest—that is where we were. I have a corn and soybean poster here. When it comes to crops that agri-cultural communities depend on, such as corn and soybeans, which are big in my State, farmers could see reduced yields of up to 25 percent. Maybe some of our colleagues don’t come from States with a large agricul-tural sector, where it is important. Perhaps an economic impact might move them to action. Climate change could mean up to $500 billion in economic losses every year by 2090. Let me say that again. Climate change could mean up to $500 billion in economic losses every year by 2090. Ad-ditionally, almost 2 billion labor hours are projected to be lost by 2090 due to the impacts of extreme temperatures. That alone would cost an additional $160 billion in lost wages. Here is a stark statistic: Climate change could slash up to 10 percent of our gross domestic product by 2100. Let’s put that into context. Ten years ago, when we fell into the great reces-sion—worst recession since the Great Depression—we had half of the losses in gross domestic product that we are looking at from climate change that goes unchecked. According to this re-port, climate change could slash up to 10 percent of our gross domestic prod-uct by 2100. That is more than double the losses of the great recession. Many of our colleagues were here during the great recession. We saw what happened. Unemployment was over 10 percent. Banks basically stopped lending. Access to capital was greatly impeded. Trade slowed down dramatically. It was a miserable time. We fought very hard to get out of it. We are now in the ninth longest run-ning economic expansion in the history of the country, and stuff like this is not going to help extend that recovery. To refuse to act would be to willingly usher in an economic calamity twice as painful as the great recession. The numbers and facts don’t lie. The reality of climate change is scary, es-pecially for coastal States like mine— the lowest lying State in our country. Our State is sinking instead of rising. The facts that this report so clearly lays out affect all of us. It doesn’t mat-ter whether you are from a coastal State, like some of us, or from a land-locked State, like our Presiding Offi-cer—if you care about public health or the environment or if you care about our economy or national security, this report says that every sector of our economy and every person living in this country will be affected by climate change if we do nothing. As I see it, we have a couple of op-tions. We can take up this fight and get serious about addressing and adapting to climate change, or we can stick our heads in the sand, as some would do, ignore the facts, and do nothing, dooming our children and our grand-children to live in a world that is less healthy, less safe, less stable, and less economically vibrant. I say, let’s fight. My hope is that our colleagues will join us and not fight against one another but fight against this threat we all face. We have one planet. President Ma-cron from France was down the hall about 2 years ago and spoke to a joint session of Congress. There is no plan B. We have the only planet. It is the one we have been given to take care of by our Heavenly Father, and we need to take that responsibility seriously. All right. That is the bad news. That is a lot of bad news in 10 minutes. Be-fore I yield to my friend from Florida, I will say this: There is some good news too. The good news is, there are ways to address these challenges—the eco-nomic challenges, the agricultural challenges, the flooding challenges, the temperature challenges. There is a way to do it. Among the smart ways to do it is to reduce the emission of carbon in this country. The good news is, we can do that by adding and creating jobs. Two hundred million people went to work in this country today—roughly 200 million. Three million people went to work in jobs where they are involved in renew-able energy, energy conservation— things that help save our planet and preserve the quality of life on our plan-et. There are a lot more jobs we can add in that kind of work, including building vehicles that run on bat-teries—and we are making great progress—and vehicles that run on hy-drogen and fuel cells. The only waste product from those vehicles is water. You can drink it. There are ways to address all these threats in a way that is economically viable. We don’t have to choose be-tween all this doom and gloom and a strong economy; we can address the doom and gloom and add a lot of jobs, and we ought to do this. It is going to be a win-win. We ought to seize the day. I thank my colleague from Florida for his patience with me here today. I don’t know if I will have a chance to stand here this close with him again before he prepares to head off into the sunset. He and I were privileged to serve together in the House. He was at one time treasurer and insurance com-missioner of his State, and I was treas-urer of Delaware. We walked the path together for a long time, and he has been a great servant of the people of Florida for many years. I have always been proud to stand next to him, and I am especially proud today. I am happy to yield to my friend from Florida. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, the sub-ject the Senator from Delaware speaks of—climate change especially—affects my State of Florida, as we are ground zero with so many of the consequences of climate change—the sea level rise. I will be addressing that topic within the next couple of days. I have addressed that problem over and over, but I want to give a concluding speech on that topic. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, this afternoon, I want to give a concluding speech on the topic of healthcare. I want to talk about the importance of ensuring that all Americans—and especially my State, all Floridians—have access to critical health services through the Af-fordable Care Act. When the ACA passed, it stated that an insurance company cannot deny health insurance coverage because a person had a preexisting condition. In other words, that means you cannot be denied health coverage because you have something like asthma, cancer, heart trouble, diabetes, ALS, or, in some cases, even a rash. Before the Af-fordable Care Act, even being a woman was considered a preexisting condition. Nearly everyone has a preexisting condition. In Florida alone, almost 8 million people have a preexisting con-dition. We think of our neighbors, our friends and family members, and we thought of them when we passed the ACA. We worked very hard to give them the healthcare protections they needed. In these past few years, I have talked to folks all over our country. In Flor-ida, I have talked to the very folks we fought so hard to ensure they have health insurance and healthcare. Last year, for example, I spoke with a well- known community leader from Holly-wood, FL—Elaine Geller. Her daughter, Megan, was diagnosed with leukemia at the age of 26. At the time she was admitted to the hospital, Megan’s blood count was 4. She had water on the heart. She had pneumonia. She went through one round of chemo, and it put the cancer in remission. She was initially hospitalized in New York, where she had been working as a spe-cial-ed teacher, but she returned to Florida to receive care at the Univer-sity of Miami’s Comprehensive Cancer Center—one of the finest cancer cen-ters around the country. As the story goes, Megan’s doctor told Megan and her mom, Elaine, that she needed a transplant, which re-quired a payment of $150,000 upfront. From January until about the end of April, Megan lived at that Comprehen-sive Cancer Center at the university and received multiple rounds of chemo, biopsies, and various other treatments. Do you know what her mom said to me? She said that thanks to the Af-fordable Care Act, as a mom, she could focus all of her energy on her daughter. She didn’t have to worry about all the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.039 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7168 November 28, 2018 
bills that were piling up, and ulti-mately she didn’t have to write a check for the transplant. That is because Megan had health insurance despite a preexisting condition, and the Afford-able Care Act created a transitional program to cover eligible individuals with preexisting conditions, like Megan. After Megan left the Sylvester Com-prehensive Cancer Center, her cancer went into remission, but then the can-cer came back. The remission only lasted 63 days. They flew to Texas, to the MD Anderson Cancer Center. Why travel across the country to get cancer treatments? Because when you are dying—when a mom is watching her daughter die, there is nothing she as a parent would not do. You can’t put a price on your child’s life. It would do us a lot of good if we would remember that. Sadly, Megan had a fall and hit her head. She died at the age of 28. Her total care during that battle with can-cer could have cost Elaine, her mom, $5 million. Thanks to the ACA, because she had health insurance, Megan’s part of that treatment was $70,000. That not only saved her from going bankrupt, it also gave her more time to spend with her daughter. Anyone who has lost someone knows that every second counts. We shouldn’t take things for granted. Elaine said that her daughter would be proud to know that her story of the Affordable Care Act matters. It mat-ters to me as their Senator, and that is why I am telling it on the floor of the Senate. And it should matter to every one of these Senators here. Let me give you another person that I met along the trail. I met with one of the most courageous 14-year-olds whom I have ever seen, JJ Holmes, and his family, who are from Longwood, FL. JJ has cerebral palsy and requires a wheelchair and constant attention to get around and to be taken care of. He can only communicate with his com-puter vocalization device. It is just amazing, since JJ can’t directly com-municate except by the sparkle in his eyes. He uses his left knee on a device on the wheelchair to hit it and it goes to a computer screen, and he can type out the words and the sounds in order to give him an ability to communicate with another ordinary person. JJ has a preexisting condition—he has cerebral palsy—and all of the ef-forts to repeal and undermine the ACA are undermining his access to care and his ability to live. Each attempt to re-peal the ACA was another threat to his very life. His mom told me that there is so much of a daily struggle, worry, and heartache when you have a child who is severely disabled, and the ACA finally gave that family the much needed se-curity, and it lifted a huge burden of how in the world were they going to cope with this medical condition of their child. I will give you another example in Florida. Earlier this year, I was joined at a local roundtable on healthcare by Elizabeth Isom from St. Petersburg. Elizabeth told me that the ACA had saved her life and allowed her to pur-chase insurance for the very first time. She doesn’t know how she is going to be able to afford coverage if the life-time caps of the law are reinstated and if essential health benefits are not pro-vided as the ACA provides. Elizabeth was a productive member of society. She was a social worker, and then she developed a sinus tumor. She went without insurance for 3 years, during which her health was constantly deteriorating and it was to the point that she thought she was dying. She had vital organ damage and reached complete disability. The mass in her sinus had extended into her skull. After the ACA became the law of the land, she purchased insurance through healthcare.gov. She said it is the best insurance she has ever had because it covered essential health benefits like the preventative services. So let’s think about this just in these three cases that I have given. The ACA protects people like Megan with pre-existing conditions from being charged more simply because of their diagnosis. It protects people like JJ from being unable to afford care because they have hit annual or lifetime limits on cov-erage. It protects people like Elizabeth from being denied treatment because insurers are now required to cover es-sential health services—services and benefits like hospitalizations and pre-scription drugs. These folks are not the only ones that I have talked to about how the ACA has changed their life. The Amer-ican people—not just Floridians—have been writing to us, have been calling to us, have been showing up in our town-halls, have been showing up at our roundtables, have been approaching me on the street corner, at the airport, at events all over Florida to share how important the ACA is to them. The Af-fordable Care Act has given people healthcare they otherwise would never have had. Over and over, they have come to me and said: We want to see a bipartisan fix—a fix to the ACA, not a repeal. Why can’t you just get together and fix the ACA? How many times have I made that plea on the floor of the Senate? And they are right. There is a lot of work to be done to bring down the cost of healthcare, to make insurance more af-fordable, and to increase coverage for people who still don’t have it. But in the meantime, the Trump administra-tion is doing everything in its power to undermine and undo the existing law that has helped so many so much. We have seen an Executive order of President Trump’s stating that the pol-icy of his administration was to ‘‘seek the prompt repeal’’ of the ACA. We have seen rules coming out of the Trump administration cutting in half the length of time that people had to enroll in plans on healthcare.gov, eliminating low-income subsidies, and cutting outreach and advertising for enrollment by 90 percent. Why would you make it harder for people to sign up for health insurance if your intention wasn’t to undermine the Affordable Care Act, which is ex-actly what the Trump administration’s intention is? We have seen the implementation of expanding short-term health plans. These are plans that are less than a year or, as they really are designed, junk plans, and that is just what they are. They don’t offer essential health benefits. They offer extremely limited coverage so that people don’t have the coverage and they don’t have the cov-erage of preexisting conditions. They remove protections for people with those preexisting conditions. They do not cover that list of 10 or 12 things called essential health benefits, like maternity care and prescription drug costs. We have seen multiple Republican re-peal-and-replace bills that have come before the House and before this Sen-ate. We have seen this Trump adminis-tration claim that they do care about those with preexisting conditions. Just last month President Trump tweeted that ‘‘Republicans will protect people with preexisting conditions far better than the Dems!’’ But that is not what they are doing, nor is that what they have done. Well, Mr. President, if that is the case, then why is your administration supporting the lawsuit Texas vs. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services—that very lawsuit that was brought forward by Republican attor-neys general, including Florida’s attor-ney general, urging a Federal court to strike down preexisting conditions and patient protections as unconstitu-tional, and it would cause a chaos in our healthcare system. You are not protecting 133 million Americans with preexisting conditions. No, what you are doing is eliminating their healthcare, and that includes 17 million children. The administration should better look at their situation and do the oppo-site of what they have been doing. I ask the American people to demand that the Trump administration stop undermining the ACA, get to work as an administration, do its job, and im-plement all parts of the existing law, the Affordable Care Act. We should be looking for ways to help people like Elaine, JJ, Megan, and Elizabeth. We should be looking for ways to help them get through the tough times. We should be working together in a bipar-tisan way to make the ACA work bet-ter, not try to kill it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from Hawaii. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I thank my friend, the Senator from Florida, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.040 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7169 November 28, 2018 
for speaking out on the critical impor-tance of the Affordable Care Act for millions of people in our country and for calling upon this administration to support healthcare for all instead of what they are doing to the healthcare of millions of people in our country. Turning to another matter, nearly 12 years ago, on December 7, 2006, Presi-dent George W. Bush nominated Thom-as Farr to be a U.S. District Court Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Today, 12 years and three nominations later, his name is again before us for confirmation to the very same vacancy, which has remained un-filled all this time. When Mr. Farr was nominated for this vacancy in 2006 and 2007, his nomi-nation did not receive a vote in the Ju-diciary Committee. It was known at that time that Mr. Farr had spent his professional life engaged in restricting minority voting rights and defending companies alleged to have discrimi-nated against African Americans, women, and others. In the 1980s and in 1990, Mr. Farr rep-resented Senator Jesse Helms, noto-rious for his opposition to civil rights, voting rights, women’s rights, workers’ rights, and LGBTQ rights—in other words, individual rights. Mr. Farr also helped corporations fight off their employees’ discrimina-tion claims. In 2003, Mr. Farr defended Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Caro-lina against claims by a female em-ployee who alleged that the company had compelled her to resign because of her sex and age. To win this case, Mr. Farr convinced the North Carolina Su-preme Court to strike down the coun-ty’s antidiscrimination law. Given this history of restricting mi-nority voting rights and defending companies in discrimination claims, Mr. Farr’s nomination did not proceed at that time, and rightly so. In the 12 years since his first nomina-tion, Mr. Farr has become notorious for his defense of the North Carolina legislature’s attempts to disenfran-chise African-American voters. His current nomination is opposed by nearly every civil rights group in North Carolina and nationally, and the Congressional Black Caucus, or the CBC, has fought Mr. Farr’s nomina-tion. In a 2017 letter to the Judiciary Com-mittee, the CBC wrote: ‘‘It is no exag-geration to say that had the White House deliberately sought to identify an attorney in North Carolina with a more hostile record on African-Amer-ican voting rights and workers’ rights than Thomas Farr, it could hardly have done so.’’ This district court vacancy was not filled by President Obama in his two terms, but not for lack of trying. Presi-dent Obama nominated two different African-American women for this va-cancy, one an assistant U.S. Attorney and another a State court judge. Nei-ther nomination moved forward be-cause the Republican home State Sen-ators withheld their blue slips. Judici-ary Committee Chairman L
EAHY and, later, Chairman GRASSLEY both, at that time, abided by the blue-slip proc-ess during that period, as I said, and no hearings were ever held for these two Obama nominees. At the same time, both of my col-leagues from North Carolina persisted in their desire to confirm Mr. Farr to the Federal bench. Of course, now, the return of a blue slip is no longer a bar-rier to pushing nominees through the Judiciary Committee. So, on the recommendation of my Senate colleagues from North Carolina, Donald Trump nominated Mr. Farr yet again to the seat that had been kept open in the Eastern District of North Carolina. In fact, when Mr. Farr’s nom-ination was returned at the end of a session of Congress last year, the White House decided to renominate him this year. The history regarding this judicial vacancy and Mr. Farr is key to under-standing why I and so many of my col-leagues will vote no. We will be ac-cused of obstruction and wanting to de-prive the people of North Carolina of a judge in the Eastern District. We will hear how this is the longest open va-cancy on the entire Federal bench, but, in fact, this vacancy has remained open so long because of Republicans’ refusal to confirm qualified minority women and their insistence on filling this va-cancy with a man whose career is filled with examples of his using the law to advance a racist, obstructionist, plain-ly un-American agenda. Had the Republicans not blocked the nominations of qualified minority women in 2013 and 2016, this district, which is about 27 percent African American, would have had its first Af-rican-American judge. By contrast Mr. Farr has spent dec-ades opposing the rights of African Americans, women, and workers. Let me highlight a few examples. When Mr. Farr was working as legal counsel for the 1990 campaign for Sen-ator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, the Justice Department filed a Federal lawsuit against the campaign for try-ing to intimidate thousands of African Americans from voting. How did they do this? The Helms campaign staff sent postcards suggesting that the voters were ineligible to vote and warning that they could be prosecuted if they voted. Although Mr. Farr denied any involvement in these racist voter in-timidation efforts, the Justice Depart-ment attorney who investigated the matter confirmed that Mr. Farr ‘‘was certainly involved in the scheme as it was being developed.’’ That is not the only time Mr. Farr has opposed the rights of African- American voters. When the North Carolina legislature decided to restrict or dilute the votes of African Ameri-cans over the past 10 years, Mr. Farr fiercely defended these efforts as a pri-vate attorney. In 2013, for example, he defended the North Carolina legislature’s voter sup-pression efforts that a court found were enacted with racially discriminatory intent—racially discriminatory intent. In other words, the North Carolina leg-islature was totally upfront about what they were up to. After the Supreme Court effectively struck down the part of the Voting Rights Act that required North Caro-lina to preclear any changes to their voting laws, the North Carolina State legislature passed a law that elimi-nated or cut back on voter mechanisms that African Americans disproportion-ately used. This is the law that Mr. Farr defended. The Fourth Circuit in that case determined that these voting changes ‘‘target[ed] African Americans with almost surgical precision.’’ In other words, blatantly discriminatory intent was found by the Fourth Cir-cuit. Between his efforts to support sup-pression of voters, Mr. Farr has helped companies avoid accountability for dis-crimination against African Ameri-cans, women, and minority groups. In 2003, Mr. Farr argued that female em-ployees at Pfizer were not protected under Federal civil rights law from condescending, sexist, and sexual com-ments from their manager because they were not ‘‘severe’’ or ‘‘pervasive’’ enough. He even tried to undermine the plain-tiff’s claim by arguing that she failed to point out that her manager ‘‘har-assed her because of her gender on a daily or weekly basis.’’ That was the standard he applied: You have to have been harassed on a daily or weekly basis. Mr. Farr ultimately convinced the court to dismiss the employee’s claim as untimely. A person who has devoted decades of his legal career to furthering oppres-sion and injustices against minorities and women has no business being con-firmed to a lifetime position as a judge, where his ideological agenda will cer-tainly be reflected in his decision. I will not vote for Mr. Farr’s nomina-tion, and I urge my colleagues to do likewise. 
NOMINATION OF JONATHAN KOBES  
Mr. President, I would also like to explain my opposition to another nominee being considered this week: Jonathan Kobes for the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals from South Dakota. Mr. Kobes received a ‘‘not qualified’’ vote from a substantial majority of the ABA’s Standing Committee on the Fed-eral Judiciary. They reported that Kobes has ‘‘neither the requisite expe-rience nor evidence of his ability to fulfill the scholarly writing required of a United States Circuit Court Judge.’’ They continued, saying: ‘‘The Stand-ing Committee had difficulty analyzing Mr. Kobes’ professional competence be-cause he was unable to provide suffi-cient writing samples of the caliber re-quired to satisfy Committee members that he was capable of doing the work of a United States Circuit Court judge’’; hence, their ‘‘not qualified’’ vote for him. In normal times, this sort of negative evaluation from the ABA would be given to the White House before the White House decided to nominate someone, and the person would never be nominated. But these are not nor-mal times. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.042 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7170 November 28, 2018 
Instead of following normal proce-dure, the White House has nominated someone not fit to serve for a lifetime on the circuit court, but nevertheless will be confirmed on a party-line vote. Mr. Kobes has demonstrated a hos-tility toward women’s reproductive rights. His anti-choice activism is on par with so many other Trump nomi-nees who are relatively young, as he is, and profoundly inexperienced. In 2005, Mr. Kobes represented, as a volunteer, so-called crisis pregnancy centers, which were seeking to uphold the South Dakota law requiring doc-tors to inform women seeking abor-tions that ‘‘the pregnant woman has an existing relationship with that unborn human being and that the relationship enjoys protection under the United States Constitution and under the laws of South Dakota.’’ That is not the state of the law, by the way. Mr. Farr and Mr. Kobes are two of the worst of President Trump’s judicial nominees, and that is saying a lot. They are two more examples of Presi-dent Trump’s relentless pursuit to pack the Federal courts with ideologues who will rule in favor of conservative causes. Clearly, Donald Trump does not believe in the inde-pendent judiciary envisioned by the Framers of our Constitution and re-spected by every President until now. We see in his single-minded efforts to pack the courts that he is nominating judges who he believes will be his polit-ical allies. He tells us as much. He be-lieves the judges he appoints are ‘‘Trump judges’’ and that they will be loyal to him, protect him and his poli-cies when the time comes. Chief Justice John Roberts could not have been clearer in his response last week to Donald Trump’s criticism of judges who don’t rule his way. The Chief Justice told the AP: 
We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges. What we have is an extraordinary group of dedi-cated judges doing their very best to do equal right to those appearing before them. That independent judiciary is something we should all be thankful for. 
The independence of the judiciary is not something Donald Trump acknowl-edges, values, or even believes in. What he wants are Trump judges who will rule in favor of his policies and deci-sions and who will satisfy his ideologi-cally conservative base. It is no wonder that Chief Justice Roberts felt it nec-essary to take the extraordinary step of reminding the President and the country that the judiciary must be independent. I urge my colleagues to vote against the nomination of Mr. Farr and Mr. Kobes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business; further, that at the conclusion of my remarks, the Senator from Massachu-setts, Mr. MARKEY , be recognized; that we have permission to engage in a col-loquy; and that at the conclusion of Senator M
ARKEY ’s remarks, Senator S
HAHEEN of New Hampshire be recog-nized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, a persistent argument of my climate talks is how corrupt climate denial is. The premise of that argument is that the fossil fuel industry denial appa-ratus is wrong about climate change and knows it is wrong. That is my case. The fossil fuel industry denial appa-ratus knows it is wrong about climate change. Well, it is a beautiful world, and every once in a while, along comes something that proves my case. Last week, on the afternoon of Black Fri-day, the Trump administration re-leased its National Climate Assessment by 13 Federal agencies describing the monumental damage the United States is facing from climate change. In more than 1,000 pages, the report contra-dicted nearly every fake assertion Trump and his fossil fuel flunky Cabi-net have made about climate change. Trump’s pro-polluter policies are predicated on the lies and nonsense of this fossil fuel industry denial appa-ratus, and this report is devastating to those policies and to those lies. So how did the fossil fuel apparatus respond? What did they do to rebut the National Climate Assessment? They did nothing. They did nothing. There was all that big talk from Scott Pruitt about how they were going to ‘‘red team’’ climate science. Well here comes the climate science. Where is your red team? Nothing. Instead of en-gaging with this devastating report by the U.S. Government’s leading sci-entists, they tried to bury it, timing its release for a day of the year when it would be least likely to get public at-tention. Consider for a moment the environ-ment in which they backed down from this challenge—no red team, no noth-ing. They just whimpered and ran away and tried to bury the report on Black Friday. At a time when their industry populates the Trump administration, at a time when the President is in their pocket, at a time when both Houses of Congress are under fossil fuel industry control, their phony climate denial front groups wield more influence than ever. This should have been their mo-ment. The tell here is that even in this en-vironment, the fossil fuel industry and its bevy of stooges in the Trump ad-ministration got this report and did nothing. Why? Why nothing? There is only one answer. Because they know they are wrong. They know the real science is right. They know their science denial campaign is phony, so they backed down. They folded like a cardboard suitcase in a rainstorm. That, my friends, is an admission. It is an admission by inaction. It is an ad-mission that even the fossil fuel indus-try knows the climate science is irref-utable. Interestingly, ‘‘irrefutable’’ is just what President Trump and his family said about climate science in this full- page advertisement they signed in the New York Times in 2009, saying that science of climate was ‘‘irrefutable’’ and that there will be ‘‘catastrophic and irreversible’’ consequences of cli-mate change. The new National Climate Assess-ment plus the recent Intergovern-mental Panel on Climate Change re-port are both very clear. The irref-utable science that these two reports disclose couldn’t be more clear: Dam-age from climate change is already oc-curring; there is no credible natural ex-planation for it; human activity is the dominant cause; future damage from further warming will be worse than we previously thought; economies will suf-fer; and we are almost out of time to prevent the worst consequences of cli-mate change. The Bank of England report on this— they are the biggest financial regulator in the UK, and they said: The financial risks are far-reaching in their breadth and magnitude, have uncertain and ex-tended time horizons, are foreseeable, but these risk factors will be mini-mized if there is an orderly transition to a carbon economy, but the window for an orderly transition is finite and closing. We are almost out of time. These two reports are tough stuff. As the Trump administration summary states, the ‘‘Earth’s climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of modern civilization, pri-marily as a result of human activities. The impacts of global climate change are already being felt in the United States and are projected to intensify in the future,’’ which makes sense, since in the history of human civilization, the Earth has never seen atmospheric CO
2concentrations like we have today. Many scientists have said warming of around 3 degrees centigrade is now likely. What does that mean? Heating the planet well beyond 2 degrees centi-grade would create a ‘‘totally different world,’’ says Michael Oppenheimer, a climate scientist at Princeton Univer-sity. He says: 
It would be indescribable, it would turn the world upside down in terms of its climate. There would be nothing like it in the history of civilization. 
Here is what the Trump climate as-sessment chronicles: From our Ocean State, we are concerned about sea lev-els, ocean acidification, and warming. We note sea levels are rising, as oceans warm and upland ice melts. If fossil fuels are not constrained, the reports says, ‘‘many coastal communities will be transformed by the latter part of this century.’’ For my coastal State, that is a pretty ominous warning. Along coasts, fisheries, tourism, human health, even public safety are being ‘‘transformed, degraded or lost due in part to climate change impacts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.044 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7171 November 28, 2018 
particularly sea level rise and higher numbers of extreme weather events.’’ You get the sea level coming up, and that extreme weather event—which is stronger to begin with now—has a lot more ocean to throw at our shores. Out West, ‘‘more frequent and larger wildfires, combined with increasing de-velopment at the wildland-urban inter-face portend increasing risks to prop-erty and human life,’’ the report says. By the way, from 2000 to 2016, wildfires have burned at least 3.7 million acres of the United States in every single year except for 3. From 2000 to 2016, more than 3.7 million acres burned in all years but 3. California still smol-ders as I speak. More than 100 million people in the United States live with poor air qual-ity, and climate change will ‘‘worsen existing air pollution levels.’’ In-creased wildfire smoke heightens res-piratory and cardiovascular problems. With higher temperatures from global warming, asthma and hay fever rise. Groundwater supplies have declined over the last century, and the decrease is accelerating. ‘‘Significant changes in water quantity and quality are evident across the country,’’ the report finds. Midwest farmers take a big hit: warmer, wetter, and more humid condi-tions from climate change; greater in-cidence of crop disease and more pests; worsened conditions for stored grain. During the growing season, the Mid-west will see temperatures climb more than any other region of the United States, the report says. Crop yields will suffer—a warning that is echoed by grain giants like Cargill. To sum it all up, the report says cli-mate change will ‘‘disrupt many areas of life,’’ hurting the U.S. economy, af-fecting trade, exacerbating overseas conflicts for our military. Costs will be high: ‘‘With continued growth in emis-sions at historic rates, annual losses in some economic sectors are projected to reach hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century—more than the current gross domestic product of many U.S. States.’’ Danger warnings already flash in some economic sectors. Freddie Mac has warned of a coastal property value crash, saying: ‘‘The economic losses and social disruption may happen gradually, but they are likely to be greater in total than those experienced in the housing crisis and Great Reces-sion.’’ From a coastal State, that is an ominous warning. The insurance industry agrees. Trade publication Risk and Insurance has warned: ‘‘Continually rising seas will damage coastal residential and com-mercial property values to the point that property owners will flee those markets in droves, thus precipitating a mortgage value collapse that could equal or exceed the mortgage crisis that rocked the global economy in 2008.’’ By the way, the leading edge of this may already be upon us as coastal property values are beginning to lag in-land property values, as reported by the Wall Street Journal. Separate from the coastal property values threat is another warning about a carbon bubble in fossil fuel markets. Fossil fuel reserves, now claimed as as-sets, that are not developable in a 2-de-grees-Centigrade world become what they call stranded assets. A recent eco-nomic publication estimated that col-lapse of the ‘‘carbon bubble’’ would wipe out ‘‘around 82 percent of global coal reserves, 49 percent of global gas reserves, and 33 percent of global oil re-serves.’’ A separate economic review warns that $12 trillion of fossil fuel in-dustry financial value ‘‘could vanish off their balance sheets globally in the form of stranded assets.’’ Twelve tril-lion dollars is over 15 percent of global GDP, which is why the Bank of Eng-land—which I quoted earlier as a finan-cial regulator—is warning of this car-bon asset bubble as a systemic eco-nomic risk. That may be the blandest set of words in the English language that convey the worst threat. If you were to graph ‘‘blandness of language’’ and ‘‘seriousness of threat,’’ you would probably come up with systemic eco-nomic risk. It basically means eco-nomic meltdown. Well, that is what we are looking at. This level of collapse could cascade beyond the fossil fuel companies. It is not just a question of their share-holders getting wiped out. It is such a crash that it cascades out into the global economy—a crash like that, un-fortunately, hits the United States par-ticularly hard because lower cost pro-ducers can hold on and unload fossil fuel reserves into the collapsing mar-ket at fire sale prices. When they do, the economists warn, ‘‘regions with higher marginal costs’’—like the United States—‘‘lose almost their en-tire oil and gas industry.’’ The solution is to decarbonize, to in-vest in more renewables, to broaden our energy portfolio away from this asset collapse risk. One paper con-cludes that ‘‘the United States is worse off if it continues to promote fossil fuel production and consumption.’’ Another paper concludes—this is the good news: 
If climate policies are implemented early on and in a stable and credible framework, market participants are able to smoothly an-ticipate the effects. In this case there would not be any large shock in asset prices and there would be no systemic risk. 
So how do we get to eliminating this hazard of no systemic risk? How do we get to no systemic risk? We do what works for us anyway: move to renew-ables. As this graph shows, we have to make a big move to avoid this hazard. A carbon price—which is the remedy the fossil fuel industry pretends to sup-port, while sending its political forces out to oppose exactly the laws it pre-tends to support—would allow this big move to happen, all while generating revenues that could be cycled back to States and citizens and help the hard-est hit areas of transition. The smart move we need to take to make this happen does not have to be painful. We avoid a lot of pain if we make the move, but that doesn’t mean the move itself has to be painful. Nobel Prize winner Joseph Stiglitz says it is a win economically. He has testified: Retrofitting the global economy for cli-mate change would help to restore aggregate demand and growth. Climate policies, if well designed and implemented, are consistent with growth, development, and poverty re-duction. The transition to a low-carbon economy is potentially a powerful, attrac-tive, and sustainable growth story, marked by higher resilience, more innovation, more livable cities, robust agriculture, and strong-er ecosystems. 
We could do it the hard way—do nothing; get hit with those dire eco-nomic consequences because the status quo is not safe. Fortune magazine summed up the Trump administration’s climate report quite beautifully, so I will quote them at some length: ‘‘The report catalogs the observed damage and accelerating financial losses projected from a cli-mate now unmoored from a 12,000-year period of relative stability.’’ What a phrase that is. The Earth’s climate, which we inhabit, is unmoored from a 12,000-year period of relative stability. It goes on: 
The result is that much of what humans have built, and many of the things they are building now, are unsuited to the world as it exists. And as time goes on, the added cost of living in that world could total hundreds of billions of dollars—annually. 
Which way we now go depends on the Congress of the United States—on whether Congress can put the interests of our people ahead of the interests of the fossil fuel industry. The record is not good. I will concede that. Since the Citizens United deci-sion, the politics of climate change have turned into a tale of industry cap-ture and control. So far, despite the fossil fuel industry’s obvious conflict of interest, could there be a more obvious conflict of interest, indeed? Despite their provable pattern of deception and despite clear warnings from, well, vir-tually everywhere now, the Republican Party has proven itself incapable of telling the fossil fuel industry: No, we tried our best for you. We held in for you as long as we could, and we did ev-erything we could think of, but we are not going to wreck our economy, our climate, our oceans, our country for you. So it doesn’t look good, but the cli-mate report does say we still have time if we act fast. I ask unanimous consent that an ar-ticle by Max Boot, titled, ‘‘I was wrong on climate change. Why can’t other conservatives admit it, too?’’ be print-ed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my remarks. It concludes: Why haven’t other Con-servatives owned up to this danger? 
They are captives, first and foremost, of the fossil fuel industry. . . . It is a tragedy for the entire planet that the United States’ governing party is impervious to science and reason. 
I will close with a reference to ‘‘The Gathering Storm,’’ which is Winston 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.045 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7172 November 28, 2018 
Churchill’s legendary book about a pre-vious failure to heed warnings. Church-ill quoted a poem of a train bound for destruction, rushing through the night, with the engineer asleep at the con-trols as disaster looms: 
Who is in charge of the clattering train? The axles creak, and the couplings strain. . . . the pace is hot, and the points are near, [but] Sleep hath deadened the driver’s ear; And signals flash through the night in vain. Death is in charge of the clattering train! 
I contend that we are now that sleep-ing driver, that the signals are flashing at us, so far, in vain, and that it is de-cidedly time to wake up. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Washington Post] I W
ASWRONG ON CLIMATE CHANGE . WHY C
AN’TOTHER CONSERVATIVES ADMIT IT, TOO? (By Max Boot) I admit it. I used to be a climate-change skeptic. I was one of those conservatives who thought that the science was inconclusive, that fears of global warming were as over-blown as fears of a new ice age in the 1970s, that climate change was natural and cycli-cal, and that there was no need to incur any economic costs to deal with this speculative threat. I no longer think any of that, because the scientific consensus is so clear and con-vincing. The Fourth National Climate Assessment, released Friday by the U.S. government, puts it starkly: ‘‘Observations collected around the world provide significant, clear, and compelling evidence that global average temperature is much higher, and is rising more rapidly, than anything modern civiliza-tion has experienced, with widespread and growing impacts.’’ The report notes that ‘‘annual average temperatures have in-creased by 1.8 °F across the contiguous United States since the beginning of the 20th century’’ and that ‘‘annual median sea level along the U.S. coast . . . has increased by about 9 inches since the early 20th century as oceans have warmed and land ice has melted.’’ The report attributes these changes to man-made greenhouse gases and warns: ‘‘High temperature extremes, heavy precipi-tation events, high tide flooding events along the U.S. coastline, ocean acidification and warming, and forest fires in the western United States and Alaska are all projected to continue to increase, while land and sea ice cover, snowpack, and surface soil moisture are expected to continue to decline in the coming decades.’’ The U.S. government warnings echo the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. In October, it released a re-port that represented the work of 91 sci-entists from 60 countries. It describes, in the words of the New York Times, ‘‘a world of worsening food shortages and wildfires, and a mass die-off of coral reefs as soon as 2040.’’ The wildfires are already here. The Camp Fire blaze this month is the most destructive in California history, charring 153,000 acres, destroying nearly 19,000 structures, and kill-ing at least 85 people. The second-most de-structive fire in California history was the one last year in Napa and Sonoma counties. The Yale School of Forestry and Environ-mental Studies notes that climate change has contributed to these conflagrations by shortening the rainy season, drying out vegetation and whipping up Santa Ana winds. Massive hurricanes are increasing along with wildfires—and they too are influ-enced by climate change. It is time to sound the planetary alarm. This is likely to be the fourth-hottest year on record. The record-holder is 2016, followed by 2015 and 2017. A climate change website notes that ‘‘the five warmest years in the global record have all come in the 2010s’’ and ‘‘the 10 warmest years on record have all come since 1998.’’ Imagine if these figures reflected a rise in terrorism—or illegal immigration. Repub-licans would be freaking out. Yet they are oddly blase about this climate code red. President Trump, whose minions buried the climate-change report on the day after Thanksgiving, told Axios: ‘‘Is there climate change? Yeah. Will it go back like this, I mean will it change back? Probably.’’ And, amid a recent cold snap, he tweeted: ‘‘Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS—Whatever happened to Global Warming?’’ By this point, no one should be surprised that the president can’t tell the difference between short-term weather fluctuations and long-term climate trends. At least he didn’t repeat his crazy suggestion that climate change is a Chinese hoax. Yet his denialism is echoed by other Republicans who should know better. Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) told CNN on Sunday: ‘‘Our climate always changes and we see those ebb and flows through time....  W e  need to always con-sider the impact to American industry and jobs.’’ We do need to consider the impact on U.S. jobs—but that’s an argument for action rath-er than, as Ernst suggests, inaction. The Na-tional Climate Assessment warns that global warming could cause a 10 percent decline in gross domestic product and that the ‘‘poten-tial for losses in some sectors could reach hundreds of billions of dollars per year by the end of this century.’’ Iowa and other farm states will be particularly hard hit as crops wilt and livestock die. Compared with the crushing costs of cli-mate change, the action needed to curb greenhouse-gas emissions is modest and manageable—if we act now. Jerry Taylor, president of the libertarian Niskanen Center, estimates that a carbon tax would increase average electricity rates from 17 cents to 18 cents per kilowatt-hour. The average house-hold, he writes, would see spending on en-ergy rise ‘‘only about $35 per month.’’ That’s not nothing—but it’s better than allowing climate change to continue unabated. I’ve owned up to the danger. Why haven’t other conservatives? They are captives, first and foremost, of the fossil fuel industry, which outspent green groups 10 to 1 in lob-bying on climate change from 2000 to 2016. But they are also captives of their own rigid ideology. It is a tragedy for the entire planet that the United States’ governing party is impervious to science and reason. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I note that my distinguished colleague from Massa-chusetts has arrived. We have an order in place in which the Senator from Massachusetts is to be recognized at the conclusion of my remarks and that the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , is to be rec-ognized at the conclusion of Senator M
ARKEY ’s remarks. With that, I yield the floor to the co-author of the Waxman-Markey legisla-tion, the person who had done the most successful work to try to solve this cli-mate problem at a time when the situ-ation was slightly less desperate. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Massachu-setts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank Senator WHITEHOUSE , who has been out here on the floor, week after week after week, sounding the warning, like Churchill, that there is danger ahead, that there is a gathering storm. Yet it is not metaphorical as it was for Churchill. It is real. There is a gath-ering storm. What Senator W
HITEHOUSE  has been doing, year after year after year, is coming out on the floor to doc-ument this gathering storm and to warn that we have to take action. I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his incredible, historic leadership because, between the U.N. and the U.S. sci-entists, all of the evidence is now there. My belief is, the failure that he talked about to heed the dire warnings on climate change is much more now than that figurative gathering storm; it is literally gathering much fiercer energy in super-charged storms that will bear down on our shores as a result of our warming crisis. Scientists have shot off the warning flare. In the last 2 months, we have re-ceived two of the most alarming re-ports to date on the threat that cli-mate change poses to our country, our economy, our security, and to our plan-et. It questions the morality of our country because ultimately that is what it is. It is a moral issue of wheth-er we are going to leave this planet better than we found it. Are we going to be the stewards of this planet and pass it on to future generations better than we found it? Right now, the gathering evidence from the United Nations and from our own U.S. Government’s scientists is that we are not. The Federal Government’s National Climate Assessment that was released last week as well as the recent United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report are clarion calls. The science in these reports is clear. If we fail to act now, storms will grow more frequent and more powerful. Extreme weather events, like Hurri-cane Michael, which grew more quickly this October than any storm we have seen, will continue to cost the United States hundreds of billions of dollars in damage. The National Climate Assess-ment—the congressionally mandated report issued by 13 Federal agencies— underscores the specific impacts we are facing now and will continue to face in the future. In our home region of the Northeast, which Senator S
HAHEEN and Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I have the privilege to represent, the impacts are going to be truly devastating. The Northeast re-gion will surpass 2 degrees centigrade of warming beyond preindustrial levels by as soon as 2035—not 2050, not 2100 but by the year 2035—if emissions con-tinue at their current pace. That would be the quickest warming in the contig-uous United States and would occur as much as two decades before global av-erage temperatures reach a similar point. The real-world effects of this warm-ing trajectory are shocking. Sea levels 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.047 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7173 November 28, 2018 
in the Northeast could rise upward of 11 feet by the end of the century. Al-most one-third of the sandy shorelines along the Atlantic coast could erode inland at rates of at least 3.3 feet per year. We will feel the impact on our economy, which is so strongly tied to fishing, to our beaches and tourism, and to our natural environmental re-sources. In 2012, a 2-degree centigrade water temperature increase boosted lobster landings to high summer levels a month earlier than usual. The result was an early supply glut and a collapse in prices to the lowest level in almost two decades. This type of negative im-pact on our fishing industries will be-come more commonplace as the cli-mate continues to warm and our ma-rine life is forced to move to new areas. Outdoor recreation in the Northeast, which will suffer the consequences of climate change, contributes nearly $150 billion in consumer spending and sup-ports more than 1 million jobs across our region. Climate impacts, like beach erosion, are an imminent threat to this economic powerhouse. Yet perhaps most devastating will be the impacts on the public’s health. According to es-timates, up to 10,000 people in Massa-chusetts could, by the end of the cen-tury, visit the emergency room annu-ally due to the rising heat. Despite these generational warnings from both the United Nations and the scientists in our own country, Presi-dent Trump has continued to dismiss the impending disaster from our dan-gerously warming planet. How did President Trump respond when asked about the conclusion that climate change could devastate the American economy? His answer: ‘‘I don’t believe it.’’ Well, it doesn’t matter, Mr. Presi-dent, if you don’t believe it because the world’s leading scientists have shown it to be true, and 70 percent of Ameri-cans believe it. They believe global warming is happening. President Trump may deny climate science, but there is no denying the consequences of climate change. Yet the Trump administration will not stop at climate denial. It has a much more insidious scheme to block action on climate—deny, delay, and defund. The list of its climate sins is long, with each action more egregious than the last one. First came the appointment of an all- star Big Oil Cabinet—Scott Pruitt at the EPA, former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson at the State Department, and former Texas Governor Rick Perry at the Department of Energy. Since Mr. Pruitt’s ouster after nu-merous ethics violations, the Trump administration has nominated king coal’s favorite son, Andrew Wheeler, to head the EPA. Mr. Wheeler is a former coal industry lobbyist and has downplayed the recent science on the devastating impacts to come from cli-mate change. After these reports came out, he said: ‘‘I have some questions about the assumptions.’’ These are as-sumptions that have been vetted by 300 leading scientists in the United States and across the planet. The only question, I believe, is why someone like Andrew Wheeler was put in charge at the EPA. A coal lobbyist is now the head of the EPA. The EPA just turned into every polluter’s ally. That is the net result of what Donald Trump has done at the Agency. The Trump administration is also moving to freeze fuel economy stand-ards rather than pushing for the his-toric and technically achievable goal of 54.5 miles per gallon by the year 2025. I am the author of the 2007 law that re-quired the first fuel economy increase in 32 years. Increasing our fuel econ-omy standard to 54.5 miles per gallon is the single largest action that any na-tion has ever taken on climate—that one law. Yet the Trump administration is trying to make a U-turn on those standards that are saving customers money at the pump and reducing the emissions we pump into the air. The Trump administration is also trying to repeal President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. Turning our back on this roadmap for reducing pollution in the electricity sector will result in at least 12 times more carbon dioxide emissions over the next decade. Why is the Trump administration taking us backward on climate in the face of these dire warnings? Just follow the money. Yesterday, during the weekly Senate Climate Change Task Force meeting, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , Senator C ARDIN , other colleagues, and I heard about the complex funding behind the climate countermovement, which the fossil fuel industry has funded and used to mis-lead the American people and to hold this administration hostage. The ‘‘web of climate denial’’ is noth-ing more than dirty energy corpora-tions and their shady front groups spending over a quarter of a billion dol-lars each year to deceive Americans about climate change. These corpora-tions distort scientific consensus and turn it into an artificial political de-bate. They produce sham scientific documents, such as ‘‘Why Scientists Disagree About Global Warning,’’ a re-port published by the Heartland Insti-tute and sent to over 300,000 science teachers across the country. Funding 300,000 documents to be sent to every science teacher in America over science that is patently untrue—that is how much money the fossil fuel indus-try has. That is how high they try to send up a smoke screen around this issue to terrify teachers that they might be getting in trouble if they ac-tually teach accurate science rather than the bogus documents that are sent to them by the fossil fuel indus-try, by their handmaidens, the Heart-land Institute. These fossil fuel phonies are on a mission to sow doubt, and their efforts seem to be bearing fruit in this admin-istration. The web of denial messaging strategy is highly sophisticated, dis-ciplined, and politically controlled. Conferences, advertisements, websites, talking heads—this fossil fuel-funded farce may be a well-oiled machine and well funded, but they are wrong. What do we do in the face of this web of denial? We need to look at the dol-lars and cents of it all—not the Big Oil and King Coal greenbacks but the suc-cess of green energy. We are ushering our power sector into a clean energy future that is good for our environment and good for our economy. Coal cannot compete against wind, solar, and other renewables and natural gas in the free market. By the early 2020s, it could be cheaper to build new renewables from scratch than to continue operating old, dirty, coal- fired powerplants. That is not a con-spiracy; that is called competition. Adam Smith is smiling in his grave, watching this market force begin to take over. And that is why this renew-able revolution has become unstoppable. It is because the cost of renewables is plummeting. The cost of solar has fallen 50 to 60 percent over the last 5 to 6 years. In fact, wind and solar are generally cheaper than coal and nuclear energy right now. Coal is losing the war against wind and solar in the free market. That is what we call it—the free market. The War on Coal is a war that has been declared by the free market on coal, and it lost that war. It is not just happening here in the United States; it is happening all around the globe. Mexico had a power auction at the end of November 2017 where the average price for solar was 1.9 cents per kilowatt hour. In 2017, solar in Saudi Arabia came in at 1.8 cents a kilowatt hour. In Dubai, it is 2.4 cents a kilowatt hour. Half of all electricity installed around the world last year was renew-able. Let me say that again. Half of all new electrical generation capacity in the world that was installed last year was renewable. So it is not just the United States; this is happening glob-ally. The revolution is on. Renewable energy deployment around the world has increased by 8 percent a year for 7 years in a row. Globally, more than $330 billion was in-vested in clean energy last year. This is a global clean energy race. It is a global job-creation race. It is a global clean energy investment race. We are going to save all of creation by engag-ing in massive job creation, as we have all of these people who are hired in order to install these new technologies. Right now, we have more than 50,000 megawatts of solar installed here in the United States. By 2020, we are pro-jected to have more than 90,000 megawatts of solar. Solar is projected to add another 35,000 megawatts com-bined in 2021 and 2022. That means that by the end of 2022—4 years from now— we are going to have 250,000 megawatts of wind and solar in the United States. If you think of a nuclear powerplant having 1,000 megawatts—the Seabrook 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.048 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7174 November 28, 2018 
nuclear powerplant, the Diablo Canyon nuclear powerplant—think of 250 solar and wind facilities. That would be the equivalent of each one of those nuclear powerplants. That is what we are talk-ing about. By the year 2020, we will have 500,000 people employed in the wind and solar industry. Contrast that with the 50,000 people in the coal industry. By 2020, there will be 500,000 in wind and solar. Who are they? They are roofers. They are electricians. They are engineers. They are people who are working with their hands to install all of this equip-ment. The President doesn’t seem to really care about those blue-collar workers— upwards of 500,000 by the year 2020—but they are working hard, they are work-ing for good wages, and they are also not running the risk of inhaling dan-gerous air that can be dangerous to their health. That is where we are. We have this incredible opportunity that is before us. It is already happening. The President is in denial. The climate change fight is not just a question of job creation or economic imperative; it is about the moral im-perative we have to act. We know cli-mate change will get worse. We know lives will be lost. We cannot sit back and do nothing. In 2015, Pope Francis came to Capitol Hill, and he delivered his environ-mental ‘‘Sermon on the Mount.’’ He told us that mankind created this prob-lem of climate change and now man-kind must fix it. With the world’s poor-est and most vulnerable suffering the worst consequences of climate change—extreme poverty, famine, dis-ease, and displacement—we have a moral obligation to act. I agree with Pope Francis that the United States and the Congress have an important role to play. We have a responsibility to help those less fortu-nate amongst us who will be harmed the most by rising seas, a warming planet, and more pollutions spewing into our air and water. That is why, right now and in the next Congress, I am standing here with my colleagues in this fight to ensure that we take cli-mate action, for a price on carbon, for investment in clean energy, for resil-ient infrastructure, for 100 percent re-newable energy in our country. If there is a tax extenders bill, we will be fighting for clean energy tax credits and for extenders to help reduce our carbon emissions, including for off-shore wind, for storage of electricity, and for clean vehicles. We will be standing side by side in that fight in 2019 on the Senate floor so that we con-tinue this revolution. If there is an infrastructure package, we will be fighting for aggressive re-newable energy standards for utilities and the Federal Government and for coastal infrastructure needs. As we work on appropriations, we will fight for more funding for energy efficiency and programs that protect the health of children and families from climate change. The climate challenges facing our Nation and the entire world are indeed great, but the United States has the technological imperative to lead on so-lutions. We have the economic impera-tive to create opportunities and jobs for all people, and we have the moral imperative to protect our planet for fu-ture generations. The rest the world will not listen to us and follow us if we do not, in fact, take these actions. You cannot preach temperance from a barstool. You can-not ask other countries to act when we ourselves are walking away from the responsibility. That is the moment we are in. By January 1, 2019, this battle is going to be on. We have been given the warning, and we are heeding it. We are going to have mighty battles up here on the floor to make sure that future generations do not look back at us and wonder why we didn’t heed all of those warnings that were given to us by the smartest scientists on the planet. Now I would like to yield to my great colleague from the State of New Hamp-shire, a woman who has dedicated her career to the issues of clean energy up in her home State. I give you the great Senator from New Hampshire, J
EANNE  S
HAHEEN . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from New Hamp-shire. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you to my colleagues Senator M
ARKEY and Senator W HITEHOUSE . I am pleased to join both of you, who have done such a tremendous job in leading on this issue of trying to get everyone to wake up to the challenges that we face in climate change and what that is going to mean, not just for us in New England but for people across this country and across the globe. Maybe the reason we feel so pas-sionate about this is because we see it. We already see it happening in New England, as my colleagues detailed so well. We are on the cutting edge of these changes. You don’t have to have lived in New Hampshire for very long to have seen what is happening as a re-sult of climate change. Last week, the U.S. Global Change Research Program released its fourth National Climate Assessment, and that details the profound effect climate change is having and is going to con-tinue to have on the environment, on the economy, and on our public health. The report makes it abundantly clear that every American—every Amer-ican—is affected by climate change and that the threat it poses will get worse unless we take action. As I said, people in my State of New Hampshire have no doubt about the re-ality of climate change because we have been seeing it for years now. We have been experiencing it. The steady increase in temperatures and the rise in annual precipitation are already affecting New Hampshire’s tourism and outdoor recreation econ-omy. Each year, hundreds of thousands of sportsmen and wildlife watchers come to New Hampshire to enjoy our mountains, our lakes, and all of our beautiful natural resources. The out-door economy—hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation—contributes more than $4 billion to New Hampshire’s economy each year, but this is threat-ened now because rising temperatures are shortening our fall foliage season, and they are negatively affecting our snow- and ice-related winter recreation activities. That includes skiing, snowboarding, and snowmobiling. The New Hampshire ski industry employs 17,000 Granite Staters, and the New Hampshire Department of Environ-mental Services warns that these jobs are threatened by climate change. New Hampshire’s—in fact, all of New England’s fall foliage is at risk. This is climate modeling by the Union of Con-cerned Scientists that shows that by the end of this century, New Hamp-shire’s summers will feel like present- day summers in North Carolina, 700 miles to our south. While the Presiding Officer certainly understands that this works great for North Carolina, it changes dramatically what happens in New Hampshire. What this shows is that—this red color, which are the maple and beech and birch trees—the maple trees in par-ticular that produce our maple syrup— that make such a difference in our fall foliage—those are going to be gone by 2070—by the end of this century. All of this red that we are seeing through-out—from Pennsylvania, New York, across Northern New Hampshire, Vermont, and Maine—that will all be gone by the end of this century. Again, this underscores that if we fail to act on climate change, we are going to see a steep loss of jobs and revenue. That is going to affect our outdoor recreation industry, and it is going to affect our traditional maple syrup industry. New Hampshire produces more than 100,000 gallons of maple syrup annually. That makes it the third largest maple syrup producer in the United States. Maple syrup is entirely dependent on weather conditions. We are already see-ing the impact these changes are hav-ing because as we get into spring, the temperatures are not getting cold enough at night to make the sap run in the maple trees, and during the day, we are not seeing the fluctuation in tem-peratures that allows maple syrup to be produced. The National Climate Assessment notes that the changing climate is put-ting more and more stress on sugar maples. If we fail to act on climate change, this could destroy New Hamp-shire’s multimillion-dollar maple syrup industry. Now, it is also affecting our wildlife. It is affecting their habitats. Probably one of the most iconic sym-bols of New Hampshire is our moose. Yet they are being threatened. Because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.049 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7175 November 28, 2018 
of milder winters due to climate change, ticks and other insects aren’t dying off, which leads to infestation on our wildlife and on our trees. Accord-ing to the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department, the estimated moose population in New Hampshire has decreased by more than 50 percent since the mid-1990s. That story is even worse for moose calves. A recent study by researchers at the University of New Hampshire found that winter ticks are the pri-mary cause of an unprecedented 70-per-cent death rate of calves over a 3-year period. On average—and we can see this dramatically in these photos—47,000 ticks were found on each calf that was monitored during this study. To quote Dr. Peter Pekins, a pro-fessor at UNH who is a lead author on the study, ‘‘the iconic moose is rapidly becoming the new poster child for cli-mate change in parts of the North-east.’’ We are going to see moose totally disappearing from the Northeast—in fact, from all of the northern part of the United States, if we don’t take ac-tion. As my colleagues have said, global warming is also impacting our fishing industry. New Hampshire may have a small coast—18 miles of coastline—but we have an important commercial fish-ing industry that contributes $106 mil-lion to the State and supports 5,000 jobs. Unfortunately, because of climate change, the average annual tempera-tures in the waters off of southern New England have increased by about 2.2 de-grees Fahrenheit since the 1970s. This change in temperature is driving some of New England’s most iconic fisheries northward and further out to sea. Lobsters, for example, have migrated 40 miles northward to the Gulf of Maine in the last decade. As we can see from this illustration, it shows the red areas where we used to have lobster until the 1970s. They have totally dis-appeared, and those lobsters have moved north of Cape Cod. They are moving into northern Maine and up into Canada. They are totally gone from the New England Sound. That is devastating to Southern New Hamp-shire fishing communities where lob-ster is their livelihood. Ironically, as I think Senator M
AR-
KEYsaid so well, the lobster migration has contributed to an overabundance in the Gulf of Maine, and that has caused price volatility in the lobster market. So we have seen dramatic fluctuations which have also affected our fishermen. Of course, the impacts on human health have been dramatic because people are suffering from the impacts of climate change. Rising temperatures increase the number of air pollution action days. They increase pollen and mold levels, and they increase aller-gies. All of these things are dangerous to some of our most vulnerable popu-lations, including children. In New Hampshire we have one of the highest childhood asthma rates in the country because of air pollution that has been moving primarily from the Midwest but now is being exacerbated by cli-mate change. The elderly are affected, as well as those with allergies and those with chronic respiratory conditions. Rising temperatures also facilitate the spread of insectborne illnesses, such as Lyme disease, which have been a huge factor for people in New Hamp-shire and across New England. Now, because New Hampshire and the Northeastern States and New England have been experiencing major negative impacts from climate change, we have been working to reduce carbon emis-sions to try and transition to a more energy-efficient and clean-energy econ-omy. New Hampshire is one of nine Northeastern States that participates in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initia-tive, or RGGI, since the program launched in 2009. Massachusetts and Rhode Island are also participants. But carbon emissions in RGGI States have fallen by 51 percent. So in less than a decade, because of RGGI, we have seen a 51-percent reduction in carbon emis-sions. In addition, customers in RGGI States have saved an estimated $773 million on their energy bills, and bil-lions more are expected. That is thanks not just to renewables but to energy ef-ficiency. I am a big believer that en-ergy efficiency is also one of the most important ways we can reduce our car-bon emissions. Also, the wholesale price of energy has fallen. So we can see on average 6.4 percent and $773 mil-lion in energy savings. So climate change—as everyone who has spoken about this evening has pointed out—is probably the greatest environmental challenge the world has ever faced, but we can do something about it if we take action. Through smart energy policies and through thoughtful conservation measures, we can stop climate change from reaching dangerous, irreversible levels, but we have to act now. So I urge my colleagues and I urge this administration to recognize the economic and environmental impera-tive of addressing climate change be-fore it is too late. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish to speak tonight about the opioid crisis that has gripped my State of Ohio and our country and talk about some les-sons learned. There was an article in the New York Times that some might have seen on Sunday about a town in Ohio—Dayton, OH—and the progress they have made in combating this opioid crisis, includ-ing a reduction in overdose deaths, which is really significant. Dayton is a city that has had some of the highest overdose death rates in our entire State of Ohio, and Ohio is No. 3 or No. 4 in the country in terms of overdose deaths. They have seen in Dayton, OH, over the last year, about a 50-percent decrease in overdose deaths. It is still totally unacceptable. Unfortunately, there are still hundreds of people who are dying every year. But from this high-water mark, progress has been made. Why is that happening? Well, I am going to talk a little bit about that tonight and talk about some of the things that are actually working back in our communities and perhaps give us a little sense of opti-mism about what might be able to hap-pen over the next couple of years as we try to turn the tide on this epidemic. For a little context, last year we had the highest rate of overdose deaths in the history of our country. Some 72,000 Americans—72,000—lost their lives to overdoses from drugs. In my State of Ohio, that number is particularly high, to the point that it is the No. 1 cause of death now in our State. I met with the director of the CDC, or the Centers for Disease Control, today and talked about the opioid epi-demic and talked about the tragedy he is seeing in places like southwest Ohio, Dayton, and Cincinnati, my hometown, where we see incidences of hepatitis C increasing and even hepatitis A. These are diseases that are primarily increas-ing because of the sharing of needles and the opioid epidemic. So we have our work cut out for us, don’t we? In Dayton, OH, by the way, over the last few years, the death rate had got-ten so high that the coroner’s office was literally running out of space. There wasn’t enough room to put all the bodies. I have held roundtable discussions in Dayton and Montgomery County, which is the county around Dayton, over the past several years and heard the bad news. I have often been with Montgomery County then-Sheriff Phil Plummer, who has been tireless in try-ing to focus law enforcement, the so-cial workers, the treatment commu-nity, the business community, and other community leaders on how to re-spond to this problem. Our first re-sponders, of course, are as desperate as anybody to address this. It has been tough. Again, I have been in Dayton, OH, and had to talk about the fact that we had the worst rates in the country of deaths and, therefore, one of the worst in the entire country. So what has happened? How has Day-ton made this progress, this 50 percent reduction? Well, the New York Times highlights a number of reasons for it. They talk about greater community involvement, the ability for more Medicaid recipi-ents to get treatment, and more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.051 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7176 November 28, 2018 
Narcan being distributed throughout the community. Narcan, of course, is this miracle drug that reverses the ef-fects of an overdose. They talked about helping to deal with the stigma. In other words, by re-ducing the stigma that is associated with addiction, more people will step forward to get treatment for it, and their families will be more willing to push them forward. That helps to unite communities against what is the big-gest public health crisis we face in Ohio and around the country. I would like to highlight tonight some of the things we have done here in this body just in the last couple of years that contribute to some of the success that we are seeing. Again, are we there yet? No, we are not. Last year was worse than the year before, but I do believe that we are going to begin to make progress, and, frankly, I think we would already have seen some of these efforts at the Fed-eral level, State level, and local level, which are taking root, make a bigger difference but for one thing, and that is this big influx of synthetic opioids— fentanyl. Fentanyl, carfentanil, and other synthetics have taken over. I remember being in Dayton, OH, the city we are talking about tonight, about 4 years ago when, for the first time, I heard from a law enforcement official that fentanyl was pushing out heroin. At that time, the big issue was heroin. It wasn’t fentanyl. In fact, very few people knew about fentanyl. Fentanyl has hit my State and our country so hard over the past several years—the last 3, 4, 5 years—that it has sort of overwhelmed the system. So as we have begun to make progress on better education, better treatment, better recovery options, and more Narcan, we have also had this big in-flux of this incredibly powerful drug that is 50 times more powerful than heroin on average—an inexpensive drug. We will talk in a minute about what we are doing about fentanyl, but, again, I think if we had not seen that influx, we would already be seeing more progress because of some of the things that we will talk about that are happening in Dayton, OH. Back in 2016, this body, after 4 years of work, passed legislation called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. I was proud to coauthor that with my colleague S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE . It was bipartisan. It was non-partisan. It was based on evidence. It was based on four conferences we had here in DC. We brought in people from all over the country to talk about this: What is the best treatment option? What is the best way to ensure some-body gets through treatment success-fully? How can we do a better job with our veterans? How can we ensure that we are bringing our first responders into this, working with them, and help-ing them to be able to deal with this crisis? All of that led to this Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act legislation. The first thing the legislation did, actually, was it said: Let’s look at this like a disease. That may be—of all the things that are in that legislation, in-cluding significant new funding for our communities—maybe the most impor-tant thing, and it is beginning to change the paradigm, so that we don’t look at this as a moral failing but rath-er look at it as something that is a dis-ease. Something changes in your brain when you become addicted. I can’t tell you the number of people I have met in my home State of Ohio who because of an accident or an injury took an opioid, became addicted—phys-ically addicted—shifted to heroin or fentanyl because the prescription drugs were hard to find or too expensive, and then overdosed, and, in some cases, overdosed and died. But having said that, this legisla-tion—this Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act legislation—focusing on prevention, focusing on treatment, focusing on recovery, focusing on pro-viding Narcan to our communities, has made a difference. There will be $608 million spent this year on these CARA programs. Our first year it was about $182 million. It has gone up every year since. Why? Because it is working. It was based on good evidence, and it is helping to offer innovative solutions to this stubborn addiction challenge we face in our country. Dayton, OH, and Montgomery County have received $3.5 million in CARA funding. So part of the reason they have had some success is that they have taken this funding and used it in innovative ways. It includes $2 million for first responders and about $500,000 for the city of Dayton to develop part-nerships between first responders and treatment providers responding to overdoses as a team. Somebody overdoses, Narcan is ap-plied, and their lives are saved. Unfor-tunately, still in America in most cases, the person goes back to the com-munity, to the old team, the old gang, and often there is no followup. In Dayton, what they have said is this: Do you know what? If somebody overdoses and Narcan is applied, we are going to follow up with them, and the team will include law enforcement, but it also will include treatment providers and maybe social workers. This fund-ing has allowed them to pursue that. Also, there is $1 million from Mont-gomery County Public Health to ana-lyze substance abuse issues and iden-tify potential solutions to come up with more innovative and creative ways to deal with this. Also, in 2016, this Congress passed an-other piece of legislation. The Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, remember, is funding that goes straight to programs to help on preven-tion, education, and innovative solu-tions. The second one was called the 21st Century Cures Act, and this pro-vides funding directly back to the States, and the States then decide how it is spent. That funding is also making a big difference. In each of the last 2 years, Ohio has received $26 million in Cures funding to affect the opioid crisis. All of your States have received funding too. The funding is based on the degree to which you have a problem. So the States like my State of Ohio, West Virginia, and Kentucky have gotten significant amounts of money from this because we need it. Again, the Montgomery County Alco-hol, Drug Addiction, and Mental Health Services Board, or the ADAMHS Board, has received about $2 million in Cures funding over the last 2 years in Dayton, OH. I have seen and heard about how that funding is being put to good use. Just a couple months ago, I was in Dayton. I took part in a roundtable discussion with the Montgomery Coun-ty ADAMHS Board and discussed how they are using their Cures money and their CARA money. They are using their Cures money to fund a commu-nity-based treatment team. They are partnering with Dayton and Mont-gomery County Public Health Addic-tion Services to provide 24/7 ambulance withdrawal support—a community treatment team to help people gripped by addiction get treatment in their own homes and primary care for high- risk addicts, including pregnant women and more. They are finding that is working. It is working not just to have people be saved from an overdose by Narcan but getting these people directed into treatment to actually help them with their addiction problem longer term. They are implementing impressive programs to help with some of the most vulnerable groups that are af-fected by this crisis, and that is moth-ers who are addicted and their babies, who are too often being born with what is called neonatal abstinence syn-drome. Because the mom is addicted, the baby is born with this syndrome which requires the baby—tiny innocent babies—to go through withdrawal. It is a very sad situation. It is happening in hospitals all over our country. Go to your neonatal unit in your hospital, and you will find out that, unfortu-nately, the numbers of these babies has increased dramatically. We don’t know the impact longer term on these babies who are born to moms who are addicted, but there is a great risk there. What we do know is that hospitals across the country are being filled up with these innocent ba-bies, and they need our help. After these babies get out of the hos-pital, by the way, often they can’t go back to their moms or their dads be-cause they are addicted, nor should they. The moms and dads sometimes are in treatment. They can’t take their ba-bies with them. What happens to these kids? Well, there are some groups that have started. Community volunteers have stepped up in Dayton, OH, as an example, and started a group called Brigid’s Path. Brigid’s Path is a shin-ing example of an organization that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.054 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7177 November 28, 2018 
dedicated to helping newborns who are dependent on drugs be able to recover longer term. As these innocent babies are taken through the withdrawal, they also need to be surrounded by love and support. Earlier this year, I had the oppor-tunity to visit Brigid’s Path. It pro-vides short-term inpatient care in a home-like setting for these newborns who are suffering from prenatal drug exposure. A lot of volunteers are involved. Some of the volunteers do something really important and really simple. You know what it is? They hold the ba-bies. Literally, it is the human con-tact. Based on all of the psychological studies and looking at how you create a healthy, well-adjusted baby, you have got to have that human contact. For these babies who can’t be with their parents because their parents are ad-dicted or maybe the dad isn’t around and the mom is addicted, volunteers come in and literally hold the babies, love these babies, and support these ba-bies. We need to provide as much care and treatment as possible to help these kids so that they can achieve their God-given potential in life. By the way, the opioid legislation that the President signed into law just last month, which this Congress passed, provides for the first time that organizations like Brigid’s Path in Dayton, OH—entirely funded up to this point with volunteers, with money from the community, but, frankly, they don’t have the resources they need to take care of all the babies who need the help—for these babies whose families qualify for Medicaid, will now be able to get Medicaid reimbursement under what is called the CRIB Act, which the President just signed into law. It provides $60 million in funding for babies and recognizes residential pedi-atric recovery facilities like Brigid’s Path as providers under Medicaid. This is a huge difference. It is going to en-able not just Brigid’s Path but other organizations like this to pop up around our State. So that may not be affecting the overdose rate per se, but that is affect-ing something really important, which is the ability for these infants—these babies—to be able to have a normal life and to be able to achieve whatever God has in mind for them in their life, which is not to be growing up in a fam-ily with addiction but rather to be able to escape the grips of addiction. I believe, perhaps most importantly, that the legislation we just passed in Congress recently—adding to Cures, CARA and the CRIB Act—is dealing with fentanyl and will help in Dayton, OH, and around our country. I mentioned fentanyl earlier, a syn-thetic opioid 50 times more powerful than heroin and inexpensive. Sadly, while, again, Dayton has made progress, fentanyl remains the No. 1 killer in Dayton. They told me when I was there a cou-ple months ago that cocaine and meth deaths—crystal meth—are rising in the Dayton area. That is deaths from co-caine and crystal meth. Why is that? Typically, you don’t hear about peo-ple overdosing on cocaine, but you cer-tainly do when fentanyl is mixed in with cocaine, and that is what law en-forcement is telling me around Ohio is happening. These drugs, often mixed with fentanyl, are now deadlier than ever. Fentanyl was involved in more than 70 percent of Ohio’s overdose deaths last year. From January until April of this year, despite the overall reduction in overdose deaths, about 77 percent of the overdose deaths in Montgomery County, in Dayton, OH, involved fentanyl. So, again, we are making progress, but not nearly as much as we all want to make, and a major reason for this is this influx of this deadly synthetic sub-stance. Unbelievably, we know that fentanyl is mostly manufactured in China, and mostly comes to our coun-try through our own United States mail system. Up to now, up until last month when the President signed this legislation, we did not have a way to screen these packages coming in from overseas, specifically from China, com-ing in through the mail system into our communities, causing all of these deaths and destruction. Now we have in place something that closes the loop-hole in the international mail screen-ing. It requires the post office to do what the other carriers have had to do since 9/11, which is to provide law en-forcement with advanced electronic data to be able to identify these sus-pect packages and get them offline. I think that is going to make a huge dif-ference, not just because it is going to stop drugs from coming into our coun-try but because, by reducing the sup-ply, you are going to see the costs go up on the street, which has been one of our great challenges. That is not the ultimate answer. The answer is prevention and education, re-ducing the demand for these drugs, bet-ter treatment and longer term recov-ery options—all of those things we talked about in terms of taking care of those moms and babies. But we also have to do everything we can to reduce the supply of these drugs, and that leg-islation that the President just signed is going to help. We are also going to be helped by a new law that the President just signed last month which says that with regard to residential treatment programs, they are no longer going to be capped by an arbitrary limit of 16 beds. This is a vestige of the 1960s and 1970s, when we wanted to deinstitutionalize these people, and we said: You can’t get re-imbursement from Medicaid unless you have less than 16 beds for mental health and substance abuse treatment. Then the opioid crisis hits us, and suddenly we find ourselves with no room at the inn. Literally, people are being turned away at treatment cen-ters and, in the period they are waiting to get in, overdosing and dying. I have heard these stories. I have heard the moms and dads talk about the pain of a child who finally says: I am ready. In one case, a dad takes his daughter to a treatment center. This was in a tele-townhall meeting I had. We have them every month, and I hear these stories. These are people who aren’t calling to tell these stories, but they end up telling it because we are talking about this issue. In this case, the dad’s heart was heavy. He said: We took her. She was ready. There was no room. They couldn’t accept her in the treat-ment center. So we took her back home. In the 4 weeks that she was waiting to get a slot in the treatment center, what happened? She succumbed, once again, to shooting up—in her case, her-oin—and an overdose in her own bed-room. So this arbitrary limit doesn’t make any sense. If the treatment center is doing a good job, don’t limit it to 16 beds. If it is not doing a good job, by the way, it shouldn’t be getting any re-imbursement. But if it is doing a good job and successfully helping people to get beyond their addiction and into re-covery, we shouldn’t be limiting it. This legislation does that. It actually takes off the cap. It has a 5-year life because it has a cost to it, and I am convinced it is going to work well. Five years from now, we will extend that even further, but this is something some of us have been working on for many years, and it is now done. So, again, progress is being made incre-mentally. Some of this legislation we talked about tonight is contributing to that. We need to ensure that if we imple-ment this, we cannot at this point take our eye off the ball. I think when we look back at this year, 2018—and we are coming to the end of the calendar year now—we will see for the first time in the last dozen years a reduction in overdose deaths. I predict that is going to happen. I say that in part because I spoke to the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. I also say that because back in Ohio I am seeing these programs work. I am seeing us finally beginning to turn the tide, despite the influx of fentanyl. But I would just state tonight, if that is true, and if we begin to see some progress—and I see it on the ground and see it in reports from coroners and medical directors around Ohio—if that happens, let’s not take our eye off the ball. We succeeded. Let’s move on. We did that back in the 1990s with re-gard to cocaine; we had solved the problem. We never solved the problem. It is like the tide. It keeps coming in. We have to be vigilant. We have to maintain the support we have provided here in the U.S. Congress to push back against this terrible addiction, this dis-ease, and we have to ensure that we are not just pushing down on one drug and having another drug pop up. As we make progress on fentanyl or make progress on heroin, let’s also be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.055 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7178 November 28, 2018 
mindful of the disastrous impact of co-caine, crystal meth, and drugs we haven’t even heard of yet—the new synthetic drugs that are coming our way. I believe that Federal programs like CARA and Cures are making a dif-ference. We are working with our States that are passing their own legis-lation and helping in many ways. Our local communities are jumping in and figuring out innovative and creative ways of taking that Federal dollar and leveraging it with private sector money and with State and local money. I believe we are going to make progress with the STOP Act in reduc-ing the supply and therefore raising the cost of the drug on the streets. I think what you have seen in Dayton, OH, which was reported in the New York Times, can continue—and not just in Dayton, but in Toledo, Colum-bus, Akron, Cincinnati, and St. Clairsville—all over our State and all over our country. We have a role to play here, and that is to continue to be better partners, as we have been over the last 2
1⁄2years here in Congress—better partners with our States and with our local commu-nities and with our families because, ultimately, this is an issue of the heart, isn’t it? This is about the future. We have some pages with us tonight. They are young people who are 16, 17 years old who come to this town be-cause they are selected as bright, young people. They are listening—at least they are acting as though they are listening tonight; thank you. It is about you. It is about what kind of fu-ture you are going to have and what kind of future we are going to have, having safe and healthy communities. Thank you. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Farr nomination expire at 12 noon on Thursday, November 29; that if the nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; further, that not-withstanding rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Kraninger nomination occur at 1:45 p.m., Thursday, November 29; and that if cloture is invoked on the Kobes or the Kraninger nomination, all postcloture time be yielded back and the Senate vote on the nominations at a time to be determined by the major-ity leader, in consultation with the Democratic leader, but not before De-cember 4. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. LEGISLATIVE SESSION MORNING BUSINESS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–43, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Qatar for defense articles and services estimated to cost $215 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–43 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $95 million. Other $120 million. Total $215 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of Qatar has requested to buy defense articles and services from the U.S. Government in support of a Direct Commercial Sales of the National Advanced Surface to Air Missile System (NASAMS). Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty (40) AIM–120C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). One (1) spare AIM–120C–7 AMRAAM Guid-ance Section. Non-MDE: Also included are one (1) spare AIM–120C–7 control section, eight (8) AMRAAM Captive Air Training Missile (CATM–120C), missile containers, classified software for the AN/MPQ–64F1 Sentinel Radar, spare and repair parts, cryptographic and communication security devices, preci-sion navigation equipment, other software, site surveys, weapons system equipment and computer software support, publications and technical documentation, common muni-tions and test equipment, repair and return services and equipment, personnel training and training equipment, integration support and test equipment, and U.S. Government and contractor, engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (QA– D–YAE); Army (QA–B–UAS). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: N/A. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 27, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Qatar—Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM) and Related Equip-ment and Support for NASAMS The Government of Qatar has requested to buy defense articles and services from the U.S. Government in support of a Direct Com-mercial Sale of the National Advanced Sur-face to Air Missile System (NASAMS). The items Qatar requests include the following: forty (40) AIM 120C–7 AMRAAM missiles, one (1) spare AIM 120C–7 AMRAAM guidance sec-tion, one (1) spare AIM–120C–7 control sec-tion, eight (8) AMRAAM Captive Air Train-ing Missile (CATM–120C), missile containers, classified software for the AN/MPQ–64F1 Sen-tinel Radar, spare and repair parts, cryp-tographic and communication security de-vices, precision navigation equipment, other software, site surveys, weapons system equipment and computer software support, publications and technical documentation, common munitions and test equipment, re-pair and return services and equipment, per-sonnel training and training equipment, in-tegration support and test equipment, and U.S. Government and contractor, engineer-ing, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated cost is $215 million. This proposed sale supports the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping improve the se-curity of a key partner which has been, and continues to be, a significant host and mem-ber of coalition forces in the Middle East. This proposed sale improves Qatar’s de-fense capability to deter regional threats and strengthen its homeland defense. The NASAMS capability would provide a full range of protection from imminent hostile cruise missile, unmanned aerial vehicle, ro-tary wing, and fixed wing threats. Qatar will have no difficulty in absorbing this equip-ment. The proposed sale will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor and integrator will be Raytheon Missiles Systems of Tuc-son, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of additional U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.053 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7179 November 28, 2018 
Government and contractor representatives to Qatar. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–43 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. AIM–120C Advance Medium Range Air- to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) is a radar guided missile featuring digital technology and micro-miniature solid-state electronics. AMRAAM capabilities include look-down/ shoot-down, multiple launches against mul-tiple targets, resistance to electronic counter measures, and interception of high flying and low flying and maneuvering tar-gets. AIM–120 Captive Air Training Missiles are non-functioning, inert missile rounds used for armament load training, which also simulate the correct weight and balance of live missiles during captive carry on train-ing sorties. Although designed as an air-to- air missile, the AMRAAM can also be em-ployed in a surface-launch mode when inte-grated on systems such as National Ad-vanced Surface-to-Air System (NASAMS). The AIM–120C–7, as employed on NASAMS, protects national assets from imminent hos-tile air threats. The AMRAAM All Up Round is classified CONFIDENTIAL, major compo-nents and subsystems range from UNCLAS-SIFIED to CONFIDENTIAL, and technology data and other documentation are classified up to SECRET. 2. The classified radar operational software utilized with the exportable AN/MPQ–4F1 Sentinel Radar contains specific Electronic Counter-Counter Measures (ECCM) capa-bility, but it does not contain Non-Coopera-tive Target Recognition (NCTR)/classifica-tion capabilities. This software will be re-leased for export only in an executable for-mat with no source code. Without source code, the ability of a foreign company or government to analyze the operating soft-ware, its processes, and its algorithms is slowed. The highest classification of this software is SECRET. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. A determination has been made that Qatar can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection of this technology as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale fur-thers the U.S. foreign policy and national se-curity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Qatar. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–47, concerning the U.S. Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Egypt for defense articles and services estimated to cost $201 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, GREGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant. General, USA, Director) Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–47 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Egypt. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $156 million. Other $45 million. Total $201 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty-six thousand (46,000) 120MM Target Practice—Tracer (M831A1) and 120MM Target Practice, Cone Stabilized, Discarding Sabot—(M865) Rounds. Ten thousand (10,000) 120MM 4th-Genera-tion Kinetic Energy-Tungsten (KE–W) A4 Armor-Piercing Fin-Stabilized Discarding Sabot with Tracer (APFSDS–T) Rounds. Non-MDE: Also included are four thousand five hundred (4,500) 120MM Insensitive Muni-tions High Explosive with Tracer (IM HE–T) tank rounds, field implementation, testing inspections, spares and repair parts, support and test equipment, field support publica-tions and technical data, U.S. government and contractor engineering and logistics sup-port services, personnel training and train-ing equipment, quality assurance team sup-port services, preparation of ammunition for shipment, ammunition delivery, component improvement program and repair, other as-sociated equipment and support, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (EG–B– VHH, EG–B–NGB, EG–B–VGS). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: EG–B–VAX, EG–B–NFP, EG–B–NFX, EG–B–UWB. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 27, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Egypt—120MM Tank Rounds This notification supersedes and replaces Transmittal No. 18–05 delivered to Congress on September 17, 2018. Although the descrip-tions and quantities of all defense articles and services are unchanged, the dollar values were under-reported and are updated with this new transmittal. The Government of Egypt has requested to buy forty-six thousand (46,000) 120MM Target Practice—Tracer (M831A1) and 120MM Target Practice, Cone Stabilized, Discarding Sabot—(M865) rounds and ten thousand (10,000) 120MM 4th-Generation Kinetic En-ergy-Tungsten (KE–W) A4 Armor-Piercing Fin-Stabilized Discarding Sabot with Tracer (APFSDS–T) rounds. Also included are four thousand five hundred (4,500) 120MM Insensi-tive Munitions High Explosive with Tracer (IM HE–T) tank rounds, field implementa-tion, testing inspections, spares and repair parts, support and test equipment, field sup-port publications and technical data, U.S. government and contractor engineering and logistics support services, personnel training and training equipment, quality assurance team support services, preparation of ammu-nition for shipment, ammunition delivery, component improvement program and re-pair, other associated equipment and sup-port, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated cost is $201 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country that continues to be an important strategic partner in the Middle East. The proposed sale will improve Egypt’s ca-pability to meet current and future threats and provide greater security for its critical infrastructure. Egypt will use the 120MM IM HE-T cartridges to maintain a strategic mu-nitions inventory for its M1 Al tank fleet and in support of operations against mili-tants affiliated with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in the Sinai. They will use the target practice rounds to train M1A1 crews in proper crew procedures in a training environment using munitions that cost a fraction of tactical rounds and have nearly zero explosive or penetrating capability. Egypt has been producing this type of am-munition under an existing coproduction agreement for approximately 15 years. Egypt intends to use the APFSDS-T rounds to re-place older model 120MM KE–W, KE–W Al, and KE–W A2 ammunition to maintain a strategic munitions inventory for its M1A1 tank fleet. Egypt will have no difficulty ab-sorbing these munitions into its armed forces. The proposed sale of the munition and sup-port will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The prime contractor involved in this pro-gram is General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems, St. Petersburg, FL. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will involve multiple trips to Egypt involving up to six (6) U.S. Government and contractor representatives over a period of up to 5 years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–43, concerning the U.S. Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Egypt for defense articles and services estimated to cost $1.0 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER  (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–43 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Egypt. (ii) Total Estimated Value: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.011 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7180 November 28, 2018 
Major Defense Equipment* $.751 billion. Other $ .249 billion. Total $1.000 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Ten (10) AH–64E Apache Attack Heli-copters. Twenty-four (24) T700–GE–701D Engines, with containers (20 installed and 4 spares). Twelve (12) Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sights (MTADS)/Modernized Pilot Night Vision Sensors (PNVS) (10 in-stalled and 2 spares). Twenty-four (24) Honeywell Embedded Global Positioning System with Inertial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) (20 installed, 4 spares). Twenty-four (24) M299 Hellfire Launchers (20 installed, 4 spares). One hundred thirty-five (135) Hellfire Mis-siles, AGM–114R. Five (5) M36E9 Captive Air Training Mis-siles (CATM). Twelve (12) AAR–57 (V) Common Missile Warning Systems (CMWS), (10 installed, 2 spares). Non-MDE: Also included are M230 30mm Automatic Guns, AVR–2B Laser Detecting Sets, AN/ARC 201E Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio Systems (SINCGARS), AN/APR–39D Radar Warning Receivers, AN/ AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles, and AN/ASN Doppler Radar Systems. Also included in the request are avionic-related software support for the Aviation Mission Planning Systems (AMPS), survivability equipment, commu-nication and electronic equipment, commu-nication/electronics technical assistance, tools and test equipment, integration and checkout, spares and repair parts, training and training equipment, ferry and fuel sup-port, publications and technical documents, U.S. Government and contractor technical assistance, quality assurance, construction services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (EG–B– VGA). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: EG–B–ULB (22 Aug 90); EG–B–VBT (5 Oct 09). (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 27, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Egypt—AH–64E Apache Attack Helicopters and Related Equipment and Support The Government of Egypt has requested to buy ten (10) AH–64E Apache Attack Heli-copters, twenty-four (24) 1700–GE–701D En-gines, with containers, twelve (12) Modern-ized Target Acquisition Designation Sights/ Pilot Night Vision Sensors (M–TADS/PNVS), twenty-four (24) Honeywell Embedded Global Positioning Systems (GPS) with Inertial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) (20 installed, 4 spares), twenty-four (24) M299 HELLFIRE Launchers, one hundred thirty-five (135) HELLFIRE Missiles, five (5) M36E9 Captive Air Training Missile (CATM) AGM–114R, and twelve (12) AAR–57 (V) Common Missile Warning Systems (CMWS). Also included are M230 30mm Automatic Guns, AVR–2 B Laser Detecting Sets, AN/ARC 201E Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio Systems (SINCGARS), AN/APR–39D Radar Warning Receivers, AN/AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles, AN/ASN Doppler Radar Systems. Also in-cluded in the request are avionic-related software support for the Aviation Mission Planning Systems (AMPS), survivability equipment, communication and electronic equipment, communication/electronics tech-nical assistance, tools and test equipment, integration and checkout, spares and repair parts, training and training equipment, ferry and fuel support, publications and technical documents, U.S. Government and contractor technical assistance, quality assurance, con-struction services, and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. The estimated cost is $1.0 billion. The proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a strategic partner in the Middle East region. Egypt intends to expand its existing fleet of multi-mission heavy attack helicopters to address U.S.-Egyptian interest in countering terrorist activities emanating from the Sinai Peninsula that undermine regional stability. This sale will contribute to Egypt’s military goal to update its capability while further enhancing greater interoperability between Egypt, the U.S., and other allies. Egypt will have no difficulty absorbing these additional helicopters into its inventory. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors involved in this program are the Boeing Company, Meza, AZ, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Orlando, FL, General Electric Company, Cincinnati, OH, Lockheed Martin Mission Systems and Sen-sors, Owego, NY, and Raytheon Corporation, Tucson, AZ. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require twenty five (25) U.S. Government or contractor representatives to travel to the Government of Egypt for a period of 12 weeks for equipment checkout and training. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–43 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AH–64E Apache Attack Helicopter is an armed attack rotary wing aircraft in the Army inventory. The airframe itself does not contain sensitive technology; however, the aircraft contains communication and target identification equipment, navigational equipment, aircraft survivability equipment, displays and sensors. The highest level of classified material required to be released for training, operation and maintenance is UNCLASSIFIED; however, the highest level which could be revealed through reverse en-gineering or testing items is SECRET. Com-ponents considered to contain sensitive tech-nology in the proposed case are as follows: a. AN/AVR–2B, Laser Detecting Set—The AN/AVR–2B is a passive laser warning sys-tem that enhances crew situational aware-ness by detecting, identifying and character-izing all three types of laser threats 360 de-grees in azimuth and +/-45 degrees in ele-vation relative to the aircraft. The sensor units—each measuring approximately 8 inches long by 7 inches wide by 3 inches high, and weighing approximately 2.4 pounds—are mounted externally to provide aircraft pro-tection in four quadrants. The externally mounted sensor units detect laser illumina-tion over the entire aircraft. In operation, the laser warning system identifies the threat’s direction and prioritizes in order of lethality. The hardware is classified CON-FIDENTIAL; releasable technical manuals for operation and maintenance are classified SECRET. b. AN/AAR–57, Common Missile Warning System (CMWS) CMWS provides superior de-tection of infrared missile threats for rotary- wing, transport and tactical aircraft. It is the detection component of a suite of coun-termeasures to increase the survivability of current generation of combat, airlift and special operations aircraft against the threat posed by infrared guided missiles. Each plat-form includes: Electro-optical Missile Sen-sors, and Electronic Control Unit (ECU) Se-quencer, and the Improved Countermeasures Dispenser (ICMD). The ECU hardware is clas-sified CONFIDENTIAL; releasable technical manuals for operation and maintenance are classified SECRET. c. Honeywell Embedded Global Positioning Systems (GPS) with Inertial Navigation Sys-tem (INS) (EGI). GPS/INS utilizes GPS sat-ellite signals to correct or calibrate a solu-tion from an INS. Inertial navigation sys-tems usually can provide an accurate solu-tion only for short duration. The INS accelerometers produce an unknown bias sig-nal that appears as a genuine specific force. The EGI is UNCLASSIFIED. d. Target Acquisition and Designation Sights, Pilot Night Vision System (TADS/ PNVS). The TADS/PNVS is the combined sensor and targeting unit fitted to the Boe-ing AH–64 Apache helicopter. Both systems are independent, but housed together. TADS contain stabilized electro-optical sensors, a laser rangefinder and laser target designator. The TADS assembly can rotate +/-120 degrees in azimuth, +30/-80 degrees in elevation and can move independently of the PNVS. TADS contains a tomographic camera and mono-chrome daylight television camera. PNVS is a mounted above the TADS, and contains an infrared camera slaved to the head move-ments of the pilot. PNVS can rotate +/-90 de-grees in azimuth and +20/-45 degrees in ele-vation; with a high rate of movement (120 de-grees per second) so as to match the head movement of the pilot. Hardware for the TADS/PNVS is UNCLASSIFIED. The tech-nical manuals for authorized maintenance levels are UNCLASSIFIED. Reverse engi-neering is not a major concern. e. The AGM–114R HELLFIRE Missile is precision strike, Semi-Active Laser (SAL) guided missile and is the principle air to ground weapon for the AH–64 Apache. The SAL HELLFIRE missile is guided by laser energy reflected off the target. It has three warhead variants: a dual warhead, shape- charge, high explosive anti-tank capability for armored targets, a blast fragmentation warhead for urban patrol boat and other soft targets and metal augmented charge war-head for urban structures. AGM–114R allows selection of warhead effects corresponding to a specific target type. Hardware for the AGM–114R is UNCLASSIFED. The technical manuals for authorized maintenance levels are UNCLASSIFIED. f. The AN/APR–39D(V)2 Radar Warning Re-ceiver is currently in development with a projected IOC date of 4Q2017, and will replace the AN/APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Warning Re-ceiver (RWR) that has been in production since the mid–1970’s. The AN/APR–39D(V)2 is an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) that fixes documented deficiencies against legacy AN/APR–39 systems by merging the AN/ APR–39C(V)2 baseline with Northrop Grum-man’s Digital Receiver Excited (DRE) tech-nology and combines a 4-Channel Crystal Video Receiver(CV R) and a 2 channel Digital Receiver (DR). The result is the following ca-pability improvements: increased Prob-ability of Detection (Sensitivity); Corrects ID/Ambiguity Resolution; Improves DOA Ac-curacy versus Circular Polarized (CP) Emitters; and improves DOA Indications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.012 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7181 November 28, 2018 
versus CID Band Emitters. System will be classified at the SECRET level. g. The M36E9 Captive Air Training Missile (CATM) is a HELLFIRE training missile (Non-NATO) that consists of a functional guidance section coupled to an inert missile bus. The missile has an operational semi-ac-tive laser seeker that can search for and lock-on to laser designated targets for pilot training, but it does not have a warhead or propulsion section and cannot be launched. 2. A determination has been made that Egypt can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection of this technology as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale is nec-essary in furtherance of U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. Moreover, the bene-fits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Justification, outweigh the po-tential damage that could result if the sen-sitive technology were revealed to unauthor-ized persons. 3. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Egypt. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the November 15, 2018, vote on the motion to table the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 65, a joint resolution relating to the dis-approval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain of certain defense articles and services. I would have voted yea on the motion to table. 
f 
WORLD DAY OF REMEMBRANCE FOR ROAD TRAFFIC VICTIMS Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims commemorates the millions of people killed and in-jured on the world’s roads. It is also a day to thank emergency services for their role in saving lives; to reflect on the impact of road deaths on families and communities; and to draw atten-tion to the need for improved legisla-tion, awareness, infrastructure, and technology to save more families from the tragedy of losing a loved one. Since the United Nations recognized the World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims, its observance has spread to a growing number of countries on every continent. The day has become an important advocacy tool in global efforts to reduce road casualties, and the theme of this year’s World Day of Remembrance is ‘‘Roads have Stories.’’ Additionally, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 3.6 calls on governments and their stakeholders, including NGOs and pri-vate citizens, to address the personal, medical, and financial burdens associ-ated with road deaths and injuries. More than 1 million people die from road crashes every year and tens of millions are seriously injured. Road traffic crashes are the number one kill-er of young people aged 15–29 and the eighth leading cause of death among all people worldwide. Rochelle Sobel, president of the Asso-ciation for Safe International Road Travel, said, ‘‘The World Day of Re-membrance is an important oppor-tunity to stand together with the glob-al community to commemorate road victims and call for an end to the crisis on our roads. No one should have to go through the needless, preventable loss of a child, a brother, a mother, a friend, killed in a road traffic crash. This year’s theme reminds us that roads and streets are more than con-nections from point A to point B. They tell stories, some of them tragic, which are worth remembering. We owe it to our loved ones to do what we can to educate our children, drive responsibly and advocate with our governments to implement and enforce policies that will protect road users and prevent more families from suffering the pain of losing a loved one on the road.’’ We all need to do our part to take ac-tion to prevent these avoidable trage-dies and to save lives. f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM GLANVILLE Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize William Glanville of Milford, PA. Mr. Glanville is a U.S. Navy veteran who served in World War II. I am pleased that he will soon be honored by his fellow veterans from Pike County and the surrounding re-gion for his lifetime of service, dedica-tion to his nation, and commitment to his fellow veterans as a longtime mem-ber of the American Legion. Born and raised in Carbondale, PA, Mr. Glanville enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1943 and eventually volunteered to join the then newly formed Underwater Demolition Teams, UDTs—the forerun-ners of the U.S. Navy SEALs. Known as frogmen, UDTs were an elite force es-tablished during World War II to fulfill a specialized mission, including to con-duct beach reconnaissance, submarine operations, and lay and clear under-water mines. UDTs would participate in numerous conflicts in the decades following World War II. Mr. Glanville was first assigned to a UDT deployed to the European The-ater, where he worked with his fellow frogmen to clear the beaches of Nor-mandy prior to D-Day, undoubtedly one of the most important assaults conducted by the Allied Forces during the war. After this operation, Mr. Glanville was assigned to the Pacific Theater where he participated in mis-sions at Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima, Saipan, and Borneo. After the Japanese surrender on August 15, 1945, Mr. Glanville’s UDT unit completed the un-derwater survey of the USS Missouri in preparation for the surrender cere-monies that took place on September 2, 1945. Through their heroic action dur-ing World War II, men like Mr. Glanville played a critical role in the Allied victory and laid the foundation for today’s modern naval special war-fare units. Following his retirement from the Navy in 1955, Mr. Glanville returned home to Carbondale but worked in New Jersey as a construction equipment op-erating engineer until his retirement. He then moved to Pike County, PA and became actively involved with the Marsh Kellogg American Legion Post 139 in Milford. As a member of Post 139, Mr. Glanville held numerous leadership roles, including executive board mem-ber, judge advocate, adjutant, second vice commander, first vice commander, and twice as commander. In 2016, he was named commander emeritus for his enduring service to the post and his community. William Glanville’s life is distin-guished by his dedication to service and his possession of exemplary char-acter traits such as fidelity, honor, and humility. He is a man who, in his youth, chose a path that took him to among the most dangerous parts of the globe in the defense of freedom. He par-ticipated in some of our Nation’s most important military operations and did so knowing that he might, like so many of his brothers and sisters did over the course of the war, pay the ul-timate sacrifice for his country. I am pleased to honor his accomplishments as his fellow veterans recognize him for a lifetime of dedicated service to his nation and his community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEXANDER HUG Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I wish to recognize Alexander Hug, an excep-tional international civil servant who has played a crucial role in ensuring that the world knows the truth about Russia’s aggression against Ukraine. This Kremlin-directed war, now enter-ing its 5th year, is responsible for more than 10,300 fatalities and over 24,000 in-juries, including as many as 9,000 civil-ians. It has affected 4.4 million in east-ern Ukraine and displaced some 1.8 million people. Mr. Hug, a Swiss national, completed his tour of duty as Principal Deputy Chief Monitor of the OSCE’s Special Monitoring Mission in Ukraine on Oc-tober 31. He had served in this position since 2014 and oversaw the mission as it grew from approximately 100 monitors to more than 700. This unarmed civilian mission pro-vides clear, unbiased official reporting from the war zone on ceasefire viola-tions and the human costs of the con-flict. It does this despite continuous threats and deliberate attempts to un-dermine and sabotage its work. The mission’s reporting is a crucial coun-terpoint to the barrage of Kremlin propaganda that seeks to obfuscate the true nature and scale of Russia’s role as a direct participant and the aggres-sor in the war. The mission has not only kept the world informed about the true nature of the war in eastern Ukraine; under Hug’s leadership, it has also helped mitigate the humanitarian catastrophe that the war has caused. In particular, the negotiation of localized ceasefires has allowed for the delivery of humani-tarian aid and repairs to be made to critical infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.013 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7182 November 28, 2018 
Mr. Hug has also been a compelling advocate for basic steps toward peace, such as the withdrawal of heavy weap-ons and the granting of unfettered ac-cess to the monitoring mission across the entirety of Ukraine’s sovereign ter-ritory. Mr. Hug’s candor and clarity were on full display when he briefed a congres-sional audience at a Helsinki Commis-sion briefing on November 30, 2017. He movingly paid witness to the human costs of the conflict and left no doubt about the sources behind the flagrant and daily ceasefire violations that con-tinue to fuel the fighting. Mr. Hug’s sterling reputation as a courageous, tough, and principled dip-lomat is well-earned. He has personally faced significant physical risk in serv-ice of the mission’s mandate, including direct threats against his convoy by Russia-led forces and being caught in the crossfire between combatants. In July 2014, undeterred by an uncertain security situation, Mr. Hug engaged personally and to great effect at the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in eastern Ukraine. The dangers faced by Mr. Hug and the monitors he led were made all too clear on April 23, 2017. On that tragic day, Joseph Stone, an American cit-izen, was killed when his armored vehi-cle hit a landmine in territory con-trolled by Russia-led forces. Alexander Hug’s leadership in this challenging position, which kept him away from his family far longer than anticipated, has been exemplary. As chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commis-sion, I thank him for his contribution to this crucial mission and for all those who have served to advance its work, including Joseph Stone. Their selfless dedication continues to make an ines-timable contribution to the cause of peace and security in the world. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING BILL COORS ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today, I want to remember Bill Coors, who passed away on October 13, 2018, at the age of 102 years old. I want to recognize Bill’s dedication to the State of Colo-rado and the Coors Brewing Company, which he helped build. Bill was born on August 11, 1916, and started his work at Coors after fin-ishing a graduate degree at Princeton University; by 1959, he had become chairman of the company. During his tenure, he was known for innovation and creativity. As if pioneering the aluminum can weren’t enough, Bill then strengthened similar recycling ef-forts through buyback programs for re-turned cans. ‘‘Barley is to beer as grapes are to wine.’’ These are words that Bill ut-tered often and emphasized his under-standing that only the best ingredients can make the best beer. He was com-mitted to relationships with barley growers in the San Luis Valley of Colo-rado, some of whom have been growing for Coors since 1949. For Bill’s 100th birthday in 2016, barley growers hon-ored his commitment to them by nam-ing a barley strain after him, known as the Bill Coors 100. Bill believed in family values, and his employees were a part of his family. He placed great emphasis on working to-gether, saying,‘‘We don’t believe in a ‘you’ and a ‘we’. We believe in ‘us’.’’ With this commitment to driving progress as a whole, Bill was able to transform Coors from a once regional brewery to one of the most recognized names in beer across the country. The values and morals that Bill in-stilled in the Coors Brewery Company are the same that we hold dear in Colo-rado. Bill will be remembered for his dedication to Coors and for the work he did to advance the prosperity of our great State.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY HAFFORD ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Mr. Harry Hafford of Masardis, ME, as he retires his gavel as chair at the Northern Maine Veterans Cemetery. Harry is an extraordinary man, a passionate community leader, an honorable veteran, and a friend to me and my staff. Harry is special in so many ways and has quietly led count-less efforts to improve the lives of oth-ers. Aroostook County and the entire State of Maine is a better place be-cause of folks like Harry Hafford. Harry returned to his home town of Masardis, ME, to spend his retirement years quietly after a long career at General Motors, where he also served as a strong and steadfast union stew-ard. This next chapter of Harry’s life seemed ideal for some much deserved rest and relaxation, but that isn’t who Harry is; instead he became an active member of his community, continuing to serve our State and its people. Harry went back to work serving others. Harry shared his lifelong love of the beautiful natural resources in Maine by advocating for more access to water-ways and working with State and local officials to provide additional boat landings in Ashland, Masardis, and Oxbow in northern Aroostook County, including one that is named for him, so that the public would have more access to the beautiful Aroostook River and its native brook trout fisheries. He was a loyal member of the Ashland Rotary Club and earned a Paul Harris Fellow for his service above self. He is an ac-tive member of the Caribou American Legion, a moderator for town meet-ings, a lifetime member of AMVets, Ashland and Presque Isle Fish and Game Clubs, and Sportsman’s Alliance of Maine. Harry’s honorable service in the U.S. Army is something I am very appre-ciative of, but in addition, what is truly inspirational is the dedication Harry has shown to veterans for all of his adult life, especially in retirement. He was instrumental in creating and sustaining a veteran’s surplus clothing organization to ensure that the needs of his fellow veterans were met. Per-haps his most notable and impressive work was as a founding member of the Northern Maine Veterans Cemetery Corporation, which developed the Maine Veterans Cemetery-Caribou. I was proud to be Governor of Maine when this effort began and was pleased to sign the document creating the com-mittee to determine the cemetery’s vi-ability. Had I known Harry then as well as I do now, I could have just looked for his name on the roster of volunteers and been immediately as-sured of 100 percent success. Harry has chaired that committee since its incep-tion in 2003 and has decided to retire his gavel at the end of 2018. People like Harry are a rare breed. They give for the right reasons and ask nothing in return. The entire State of Maine has benefited from Harry’s hard work for many years, and while we will miss him, we hope that he can finally enjoy retirement the way it should be. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERINBG ELLEN CAMPBELL ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I speak today in memory of a friend and dear Alaskan, Ellen Campbell of Ju-neau, who passed away on October 16, 2018, at age 96. Ellen was the mother of McKie Campbell, who served as Republican staff director for the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee from 2008– 2013. On behalf of my Senate col-leagues, I take this opportunity to ex-tend condolences to McKie, his siblings and their spouses, and the many grand-children, great-grandchildren, nieces, and nephews who held Ellen dear. She was a very special person. Ellen was a native of Waynesboro, GA. She grew up wanting to be a stew-ardess. That is what women who want-ed to fly aspired to in Ellen’s day, but after college, her career took a decid-edly different direction. She went to work helping the war effort. That was during World War II when women were needed to backfill positions held by men who went off to war. She was a link trainer operator at the Atlanta Naval Base and then went on to lecture pilots. That led Ellen to wonder wheth-er she might become one herself. ‘‘It seemed absurd to be lecturing about flying and not have a private pi-lot’s license, so I asked my father for my birthday present if he would give me flying lessons,’’ Ellen explained. Shortly after obtaining that license, she applied to serve in the Women’s Airforce Service Pilots, the WASP pro-gram. The hardest thing about it, Ellen said, was the fear that she would wash out during training. Ellen came darn close but managed to pass the three primary qualification tests. She served in the WASP program from its inception in 1942 to its dis-bandment on December 20, 1944. Her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.014 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7183 November 28, 2018 
role was that of an engineering test pilot. Stationed in Jackson, MS, she flew many different kinds of aircraft; her favorite was the B–25 bomber. Ellen was one of 1,074 women who earned their WASP wings. Her service and those of her fellow WASPs was honored with a Congressional Gold Medal authorized by law on July 1, 2009. Ellen traveled to Washington, DC, to receive her medal in March 2010. When asked how she felt about her time in the WASPs by the Juneau Em-pire, the first word that came to mind was ‘‘service.’’ She went on to offer a favorite quote from Marian Wright Edelman, ‘‘Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.’’ These were words that Ellen lived by, during her service to our Nation and throughout the remainder of her life. Ellen came to Alaska with her husband Charles, who had been recruited to head the Alaska Department of Correc-tions. He retired from the department in the 1980s. Ellen threw herself into community service. A person of deep faith, Holy Trinity Episcopal Church in Juneau was her anchor. She ran a weekly Bible study group at Lemon Creek Correctional Center. Inspired by interactions with women who struggled to reenter society after serving their sentences, she founded Haven House, a nonprofit ministry to foster healing and self-sufficiency for women coming out of prison in South-east Alaska. McKie told the Juneau Empire, ‘‘Without being naive at all, she was convinced that everyone was good and had potential. She always saw the best in people.’’ Ellen relocated to northern Virginia in 2009, with Charles, who died in 2012. It was there that she passed away, but Ellen’s legacy will long be remembered in Juneau, which celebrated her life in a memorial service at Holy Trinity on Tuesday, November 13. I am honored to pay tribute to Ellen Campbell, a force of nature who helped people find the best in themselves. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BARNEY GOTTSTEIN ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, today, as the Senate returns from re-cess, I wanted to speak in loving mem-ory of Barney Gottstein, a patriarch of Alaska’s Jewish community, who passed away on October 21 at the age of 91. He was buried in the Anchorage Cemetery on October 22, in accordance with Jewish burial traditions. I suspect that my colleagues might not be aware that Alaska is home to a thriving Jewish community or that the origins of that community preceded statehood by generations. One might be even more surprised to know that Barney was not the first generation of Gottsteins to occupy a leadership role in pre-Statehood Alaska, but the sec-ond generation. The Gottstein family is up to four generations of leadership, with a fifth—the great-grandchildren— now in place. The first generation, Barney’s father, Jacob B. Gottstein, originally of Des Moines, IA, came to Anchorage in 1915, selling cigars and confections out of the tent city established to construct the Alaska Railroad. Jake, as he was known, then opened a wholesale gro-cery and dry goods business, known as J.B. Gottstein & Co., which made sales calls by dog sled. You can’t get more Alaskan than that. Jake passed away in 1963. Barney was born in Des Moines in 1925, but soon moved to Anchorage, population 2,500, where he was raised. He enlisted in the Army and served in the Army Air Corps. After the war, Barney went to the University of Washington studying to be an aero-nautical engineer. That didn’t work out so well. He was told by a counselor that anti-Semitism would likely pre-vent Barney from getting a job in his chosen field, so he switched to business and economics and came home to work in the family business, but he didn’t abandon his love for flying. Barney was a licensed private pilot who loved to fly around Alaska and beyond. By the time Barney returned home, the family business was growing as fast as the state. The focus had changed from dry goods to wholesale groceries. Barney took it the next step. One of J.B. Gottstein’s customers was the Carr Brothers Grocery. The rest is his-tory. Barney partnered with Larry Carr to grow the retail grocery business and pursue real estate ventures. Carr’s Quality Centers sprung up throughout Alaska, along with an associated chain of Eagle markets. By the late 1980s, the Carr-Gottstein group of companies was the largest Alaska-owned business in the State. Barney and Larry sold the grocery side of the business in 1990 but remained in the real estate business. Today, the Carr’s name remains on grocery stores in Anchorage, Eagle River, and the Mat-Su Valley. In 1989, Barney was inducted into the Alaska Business Hall of Fame, and in 1991, he was awarded an honorary doc-tor of laws degree by the University of Alaska Fairbanks. Barney’s business success in Alaska was deeply respected, but his commu-nity engagement even more so. He was chair of the Alaska Board of Education and provided financial assistance that enabled hundreds of Alaska Natives to pursue schooling. He was an inaugural member of the Alaska State Commis-sion on Human Rights as well. Barney was active in Alaska’s polit-ical life as well. He was chairman of the Alaska Democratic Party, Alaska’s Democratic National Committeeman, and an Alaska delegate to the Demo-cratic National Conventions. I mentioned that Barney was one of the patriarchs of Alaska’s Jewish com-munity. An early supporter of the State of Israel, he was the face of the American Israel Public Affairs Com-mittee, AIPAC, in Alaska for many years. Today, Barney’s son, David, leads the AIPAC group in Alaska and in that capacity is a frequent visitor to my office. He provided financial sup-port to enable young Jewish Alaskans to participate in the ‘‘March of the Living,’’ so that they might better un-derstand the legacy of the Holocaust. He visited Israel on many occasions and took on the cause of supporting Ethiopian Jews who had made Aliyah to Israel integrate into society and pursue advanced degrees. Barney was not only a father figure to the Alaska Jewish community. He was the patriarch of a large family himself. Barney is survived by Rachel, his second wife, of 32 years, who not surprisingly he met on a trip to Israel. Barney was father to seven children. Some of Barney’s children have fol-lowed in their father’s footsteps to achieve positions of great respect and prominence in Alaska. I am proud to count Robert, David, and Jim among my friends. A fourth generation of the Gottstein family, the grandchildren, are just beginning to make their mark, and there are great-grandchildren be-hind them. On behalf of my Senate colleagues, I proudly pay my respects to Barney Gottstein and his wonderful family. May his memory be a blessing. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SKYLER MANSELL ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Skyler Mansell, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done on behalf of my-self, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Skyler is a graduate of the Univer-sity of North Alabama in Florence, AL. Currently, he is pursuing his master of business administration with a con-centration in finance at the University of North Alabama. Skyler is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Skyler for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW REEVES ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Matthew Reeves, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done on behalf of my-self, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Matthew is a graduate of the Univer-sity of Arkansas in Fayetteville, AR. Later this year, he will complete his master of science degree in defense and strategic studies at Missouri State University. Matthew is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.020 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7184 November 28, 2018 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Matthew for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ENID WONNACOTT ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President today, I would like to recognize an extraor-dinary Vermonter, Enid Wonnacott, on her more than 30 years as executive di-rector of the Northeast Organic Farm-ing Association of Vermont, NOFA-VT. For three decades, Enid has worked tirelessly to build the organic agri-culture movement and develop a sus-tainable, resilient, and accessible food system in our State of Vermont and across the United States. During Enid’s tenure at NOFA-VT, Vermont has grown from 50 organic farms to more than 700, and many of those farmers, as well as countless con-sumers and agricultural advocates, have benefitted greatly from technical assistance and training provided by NOFA-VT under Enid’s guidance. Recognizing that those farmers need good market opportunities to be viable businesses, Enid helped foster the growth of farmers’ markets, commu-nity supported agriculture, and initia-tives for institutions to procure locally grown food. She helped develop Vermont’s farm-to-school program that provides students with healthy food and connects them to local agri-culture through educational program-ming. I especially appreciate Enid’s long-held belief, which I share, that healthy local food should be accessible to all people regardless of income, and I applaud NOFA-VT’s efforts to make good food affordable through subsidized farmers’ market coupons, CSA shares, and more. Enid has worked on many Federal and State policies to promote sustain-able agriculture. She was instrumental in developing Federal organic stand-ards and was an early advocate for ag-ricultural systems whereby farmers en-hance the quality of the soil and envi-ronment while they also produce healthy food. Enid has been mentor to many agriculture and food system leaders throughout the State and re-gion and has served on the Vermont Sustainable Agriculture Council. It should come as no surprise to anyone who knows her, Enid received the Vermont Agriculture Hall of Fame Award this year for her many contribu-tions to our State. Of course, Enid did not do these things alone. First, she has an excel-lent and committed staff, but perhaps even more important, she has the un-wavering support of her husband Harry Frank and their wonderful children, Lila and Eli. Her family is a large part of Enid’s success, including the count-less hours they spent working along-side her at NOFA events, more than a few of which involved staffing a port-able, wood-fired pizza hearth. I am not only enormously grateful for al of Enid’s many contributions over the years, but I am also proud to count her as a good friend. At a time when there is a growing recognition of the profound impact agriculture and food have on our health and the health of the planet, it is heartening to know that we have people like Enid Wonnacott fighting for a more environ-mentally sound and fundamentally just food system.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:16 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 1768. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. S. 3389. An act to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1567. An act to promote economic partnership and cooperation between the United States and Mexico. H.R. 4591. An act to impose sanctions with respect to Iranian persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq. H.R. 5273. An act to reduce global fragility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, violent conflict, and fra-gility, and for other purposes. H.R. 6207. An act to support democracy and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and for other purposes. H.R. 6622. An act to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. White-hurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 6793. An act to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, and for other purposes. H.R. 7120. An act to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of pen-alties established and published by the Com-mission. H.R. 7163. An act to designate the outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation. 
The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill (H.R. 390) to provide emergency relief for vic-tims of genocide, crimes against hu-manity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetra-tors of these crimes, and for other pur-poses, and that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the aforementioned bill. The message also announced the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 4254) to amend the National Science Foundation Au-thorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teach-er Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. The message also announced that the House agreed to the following concur-rent resolution, without amendment: S. Con. Res. 51. Concurrent resolution to correct the enrollment of S. 140. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:32 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 390. An act to provide relief for vic-tims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. H.R. 4254. An act to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1567. An act to promote economic partnership and cooperation between the United States and Mexico; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 4591. An act to impose sanctions with respect to Iranian persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. H.R. 5273. An act to reduce global fragility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, violent conflict, and fra-gility, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 6207. An act to support democracy and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 6622. An act to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. White-hurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. H.R. 6793. An act to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 7163. An act to designate the outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED The following joint resolution was discharged from the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:28 Feb 07, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S28NO8.REC S28NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7185 November 28, 2018 
Foreign Relations by motion, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1546a, and placed on the calendar: 
S.J. Res. 54. Joint resolution to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7177. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘De Minimis Exception to the Swap Dealer Defi-nition’’ (RIN3038–AE68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7178. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bacillus Amyloliquefaciens Strain ENV503; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9985–98) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7179. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyrifluquinazon; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9977–14) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7180. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ ((7 CFR Part 906) (Docket No. AMS– SC–18–0044; SC18–906–1)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7181. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Preparedness of the Department of Defense to Provide Sup-port to Non-Contiguous States and Terri-tories in Response to Disasters, Threats, and Emergencies’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7182. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a correspondence relating to the report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7183. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port entitled, ‘‘Acceptance of Contributions for Defense Programs, Projects, and Activi-ties; Defense Cooperation Account’’ and a semiannual listing of personal property con-tributed by coalition partners; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–7184. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Yemen that was declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7185. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13712 of Novem-ber 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7186. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Financial Research, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Office’s 2018 Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7187. A communication from the Sanc-tions Regulations Advisor, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Rule Amending the Democratic Republic of the Congo Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 547) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7188. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility; North Carolina: Charlotte, City of, Mecklenburg, et al.’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 26, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7189. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Affordable Housing Program Amendments Final Rule’’ (RIN2590– AA83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7190. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, seven (7) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Office of Management and Budget, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committees on the Budget; and Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7191. A communication from the Ad-ministrator and Chief Executive Officer, Bonneville Power Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7192. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supply Chain Risk Management Reliability Standards’’ ((RIN1902–AF48) (Docket No. RM17–13–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7193. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Domestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Three Plant Species on Hawaii Island’’ (RIN1018–AZ38) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7194. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Delisting and Foreign Spe-cies, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassifying Tobusch Fishhooks Cactus from Endangered to Threatened and Adopt-ing a New Scientific Name’’ (RIN1018–BB90) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7195. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Foreign Species and Delisting, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Black-Capped Vireo From the Federal List of Endangered and Threated Plants’’ (RIN1018–BB79) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7196. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Delisting and Foreign Spe-cies, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Lesser Long-nosed Bat from the Federal List of Endangered and Threat-ened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–BB91) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7197. A communication from the Con-servation Policy Advisor, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018–2019 Refuge-Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regulations’’ (RIN1018– BC07) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7198. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alaska; Fine Par-ticulate Matter Infrastructure Require-ments’’ (FRL No. 9986–49–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 19, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7199. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Consumer Products and Architectural and Industrial Maintenance Coatings’’ (FRL No. 9983–32–Region 1) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7200. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Implementation of the 2015 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone: Nonattainment Area State Implementation Plan Requirements’’ ((RIN2060–AS82) (FRL No. 9986–53)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7201. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.037 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7186 November 28, 2018 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standard for Haz-ardous Air Pollutant Emissions: Petroleum Refinery Sector’’ ((RIN2060–AT50) (FRL No. 9986–68)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7202. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9986–76–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7203. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Logan Nonattainment Area Fine Par-ticulate Matter Sate Implementation Plan for Attainment of 2006 24-Hour Fine Particu-late Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9986–14–Region 8) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–7204. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notice: Adjusted Applicable Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by Sections 4375 and 4376’’ (Notice 2018–85) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7205. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Costs under the Simplified Methods’’ (RIN1545– BG07) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7206. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2019 Cost-of-Living Adjustments to the Internal Revenue Code Tax Tables and Other Items’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7207. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance under Section 132(g) for the Exclusion from Income of Qualified Moving Expense Reimburse-ments’’ (Notice 2018–75) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7208. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Income-Related Monthly Adjust-ment Amounts for Medicare Part B and Pre-scription Drug Coverage Premiums’’ (RIN0960–AI37) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7209. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Corrections to the Vessel Repair Unit Regulations’’ (CBP Dec. 18–12) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7210. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license amendment for the export of defense arti-cles, including technical data and defense services to Japan to support the develop-ment, integration, and support for Assault Amphibious Vehicles Reliability, Avail-ability, Maintenance/Rebuild to Standard (AAV7A1 RAM/RS) vehicles in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–058); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–7211. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0191–2018–0202); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7212. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on Developmental Disabilities Programs for fiscal years 2013– 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7213. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on HHS Activities to Improve Women’s Health As Required by the Afford-able Care Act ‘‘; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7214. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moral Exemptions and Accom-modations for Coverage of Certain Preventa-tive Services Under the Affordable Care Act’’ (RIN1210–AB84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7215. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Religious Exemptions and Accom-modations for Coverage of Certain Preventa-tive Services Under the Affordable Care Act’’ (RIN1210–AB83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7216. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Religious Exemptions and Accom-modations for Coverage of Certain Preventa-tive Services Under the Affordable Care Act’’ (RIN0938–AT54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7217. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moral Exemptions and Accom-modations for Coverage of Certain Preventa-tive Services Under the Affordable Care Act’’ (RIN1210–AB84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7218. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 27, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7219. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Directorate of Construction, Occupational Safety and Health Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Cranes and Derricks in Construction; Operator Qualification’’ (RIN1218–AC96) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7220. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Labor’s Agency Fi-nancial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7221. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, seven (7) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Office of Management and Budget, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7222. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Transpor-tation’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7223. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Re-source Locator (URL) for the Department of Defense Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7224. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the 2018 annual report on the Farm Credit System; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7225. A communication from the Chair-man, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s annual report for calendar year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7226. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7227. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Agen-cy Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7228. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:28 Feb 07, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S28NO8.REC S28NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7187 November 28, 2018 
to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department’s Agency Financial Re-port for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7229. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7230. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s Annual Management Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7231. A communication from the Acting Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7232. A communication from the Chair-man, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7233. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Annual Financial Report for the Office of Government Ethics for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7234. A communication from the Chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7235. A communication from the Acting Commissioner, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7236. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General for Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7237. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the six-month period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7238. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA–3403-EM in the Commonwealth of Virginia has exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency declaration; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7239. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA–3404–EM in the State of Hawaii has exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency dec-laration; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7240. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA–3405–EM in the State of Florida has exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency dec-laration; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7241. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA–3404–EM in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands has exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency declaration; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7242. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7243. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7244. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the National Endowment of the Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, the En-dowment’s Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7245. A communication from the Chair-man of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Se-curities and Exchange Commission’s fiscal year 2018 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7246. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Program: Extension of Eligibility to Certain TRICARE-Eligible Individuals; Ef-fective Date of Enrollment’’ (RIN3206–AN58) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7247. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Personnel Management in Agencies’’ (RIN3206–AL98) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7248. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, seven (7) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Office of Management and Budget, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 20, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7249. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘An-nual Report to Congress on Investigation, Enforcement, and Implementation of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act Requirements’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–7250. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF891) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7251. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moderniza-tion of Media Regulation Initiative; Revi-sions to Cable Television Rate Regulations; Implementation of Sessions of the Cable Tel-evision Consumer Protection and Competi-tion Act of 1992: Rate Regulation; Adoption of Uniform Accounting System for the Provi-sion of Regulated Cable Service; Cable Pric-ing Flexibility’’ (FCC 18–148) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7252. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Mobility Division, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Review of Part 87 of the Commission’s Rules Concerning the Aviation Radio Serv-ice’’ ((WT Docket No. 01–289) (FCC 18–155)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7253. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Form 325 Data Collection; Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative’’ ((MP Docket No. 17– 290 and MP Docket No. 17–105) (FCC 18–136)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7254. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, Miles 179 to 190, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0815)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7255. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Columbia River, Cascade Locks, OR; Final Rule; Termination of Exist-ing Safety Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0998)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7256. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River, Camden, NJ; Fireworks Display’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0948)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7257. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Penn’s Landing Fireworks, Delaware River, Philadelphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0371)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.032 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7188 November 28, 2018 
EC–7258. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Coast Guard Sector New Orle-ans Annual and Recurring Safety Zones Up-date’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0736)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7259. A communication from the Chief of the Pricing Policy Division, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulation of Business Data Services for Rate-of-Return Carriers; Business Data Services in an Inter-net Protocol Environment; Special Access Services for Price Cap Carriers’’ ((WC Docket Nos. 17–144, 16–143, 05–25) (FCC 18–146)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7260. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, International Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In the Matter of Amendment of Parts 2 and 25 of the Commission’s Rules to Facilitate the Use of Earth Stations in Motion Commu-nicating with Geostationary Orbit Spaces in Frequency Band’s Allocated to the Fixed Satellite Service’’ ((IB Docket No. 17–95) (FCC 18–138)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7261. A communication from the Hon-ors Attorney, Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety; Plastic Pipe Rule’’ (RIN2137–AE93) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7262. A communication from the Hon-ors Attorney, Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Response to Petitions from Indus-try to Modify, Clarify, or Eliminate Regula-tions’’ (RIN2137–AF09) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7263. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedural Revision to the Filing of Open Video System Certification Applications’’ ((MB Docket No. 17–105) (FCC 18–150)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7264. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0297)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7265. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0589)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7266. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0637)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7267. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0758)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7268. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0908)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7269. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0957)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7270. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0027)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7271. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0408)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7272. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0510)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7273. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; SOCATA Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2018–0326)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7274. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0934)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7275. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2018–0216)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7276. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0551)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7277. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0585)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7278. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; International Aero Engines (IAE) Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0404)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7279. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; International Aero Engines (IAE) Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0431)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7280. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0770)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7281. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; and Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace; Juneau, AK’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.034 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7189 November 28, 2018 
((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0125)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7282. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (150)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7283. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (64)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–306. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urging the United States Congress to pass the language from the Hemp Farming Act of 2018, as contained in the Farm Bill of 2018, removing industrial hemp from the Schedule 1 Controlled Substance List and legalizing commercial industrial hemp production in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 421 Whereas, A bipartisan effort has taken place at both the Federal and State levels to pass legislation which would allow American farmers to compete with foreign nations in industrial hemp production; and Whereas, The United States relied upon hemp production from the time period of the Mayflower voyage to the War of 1812 and through every world war; and Whereas, Hemp production in Pennsyl-vania has a 260-year history due to the favor-able climate and soil; and Whereas, Industrial hemp plants are cul-tivated for products derived from the whole plant, including stalk, seeds, flower and roots for products including fiber, food, oil and extracts; and Whereas, Industrial hemp has thousands of applications and can be refined into a vari-ety of commercial products including paper, textiles, biodegradable plastics, cannabinoids, paint, insulation, biofuel, food and animal feed; and Whereas, Each year, American companies are forced to import millions of dollars’ worth of industrial hemp seed and fiber prod-ucts annually from China, Canada, Europe and other countries; and Whereas, Industrial hemp has often been confused with marijuana, as it is a member of the cannabis family; however, it has no psychoactive effect due to a very low level of tetrahydrocannabinol; and Whereas, Chapter 7 of Title 3 of the Penn-sylvania Consolidated Statutes defines in-dustrial hemp as the plant Cannabis saliva L. and any part of the plant with less than three-tenths of one percent tetrahydrocannabinol, also known as THC; and Whereas, Uncertainty about Federal laws inhibits investment in the United States and Pennsylvania hemp industry by agricultural producers, manufacturers, processors and other businesses; and Whereas, Section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, the Farm Bill of 2014 and the Om-nibus Appropriations Act of 2016, authorized State industrial hemp agricultural pilot re-search programs and the activities associ-ated with such programs; and Whereas, The Department of Agriculture of the Commonwealth, farmers, researchers and industry leaders recognized the potential for opportunities in industrial hemp production and products and in investment in Penn-sylvania’s industrial hemp industry where this Commonwealth could become a national leader to take advantage of the potential $1 billion national market for growing, pro-ducing, processing and selling industrial hemp and industrial hemp products; and Whereas, To this end, in 2016, the General Assembly and Governor of the Common-wealth enacted Act 92 of 2016, which estab-lished Chapter 7 of Title 3 of the Pennsyl-vania Consolidated Statutes and authorized an industrial hemp research pilot program to commence the initial research into such po-tential opportunities; and Whereas, In the fall of 2018, the Congress of the United States is poised to pass the lan-guage from the Hemp Farming Act of 2018, as contained in the 2018 Farm Bill, which re-moves industrial hemp from the Schedule I Controlled Substance List and legalizes com-mercial industrial hemp production in the United States; and Whereas, The Department of Agriculture of the Commonwealth is encouraged to imme-diately commence a study of this Common-wealth’s industrial hemp pilot program and other industrial hemp pilot programs in other states and their regulations to rec-ommend and draft statutory or draft regu-latory language to the General Assembly to expedite the entry of this Commonwealth into the commercial industrial hemp market upon passage of the language from the Hemp Farming Act by the Congress of the United States; therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania urge the Congress of the United States to pass the language from the Hemp Farming Act of 2018, as contained in the Farm Bill of 2018, removing industrial hemp from the Schedule I Controlled Sub-stance List and legalizing commercial indus-trial hemp production in the United States; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania urge the Department of Agriculture of the Commonwealth to begin a study of the industrial hemp re-search pilot programs established under Act 92 of 2016 and similar research pilot programs in other states and their regulations to pre-pare any recommended draft legislation for submission to the General Assembly and a framework for any draft regulatory provi-sions that incorporate the following: (1) The growth and cultivation of indus-trial hemp produced in compliance with Fed-eral law is an agricultural crop. (2) The producers of industrial hemp with this Commonwealth have access to United States-supplied seed, germplasm, rooted cuttings and other genetics. (3) All industrial hemp projects, including genetics, that are produced in the Common-wealth shall be able to be freely shipped across State lines into and out of this Com-monwealth. (4) The Department of Agriculture of the Commonwealth prepares a process for insti-tutions of higher education in this Common-wealth to obtain approval to conduct indus-trial hemp research that complies with exist-ing law and is eligible for Federal grant funding. (5) The Department of Agriculture of the Commonwealth prepares educational pro-grams and materials for the education of youth and the public on the growth, cultiva-tion and market potential for industrial hemp; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the Governor, the Secretary of Agriculture of the Commonwealth, the presiding officers of each house of Congress and to each member of Congress from Penn-sylvania. POM–307. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Council of the City of Jack-son, Alabama memorializing their support for continued and increased exploration and production of the Gulf of Mexico, and urging the United States Congress to keep its com-mitment under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act to share Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) revenues with Gulf producing states and their coastal political subdivi-sions; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. POM–308. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to the acceptance of government-produced currency; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. COLLINS, from the Special Com-mittee on Aging: Special Report entitled ‘‘Ensuring Trust: Strengthening State Efforts to Overhaul the Guardianship Process and Protect Older Americans’’ (Rept. No. 115–392). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1149. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to repeal a provision limiting the export of timber harvested from land conveyed to the Kake Tribal Corpora-tion under that Act (Rept. No. 115–393). H.R. 3186. A bill to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–394). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2560. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to facili-tate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facili-ties, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 395). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with amendments: S. 2599. A bill to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Min-nesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe (Rept. No. 115–396). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3247. A bill to improve programs and ac-tivities relating to women’s entrepreneur-ship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes. S. 3654. A bill to amend the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplication of public diplomacy programs and efforts, to improve the re-search and evaluation of public diplomacy, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.036 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7190 November 28, 2018 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, a Career Mem-ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Central African Republic. Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Tunisia. Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Botswana. Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Cyprus. Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Mali. Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Guinea. William H. Moser, of North Carolina, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Kazakhstan. Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Union of the Comoros. Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Malawi. Jeffrey Ross Gunter, of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Iceland. Richard Carlton Paschall III, of North Carolina, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of The Gambia. Eric Williams Stromayer, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Togo-lese Republic. Eric George Nelson, of Texas, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Dennis Walter Hearne, of Virginia, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Mozambique. Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Benin. John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Tajikistan. Susan N. Stevenson, of Washington, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning with Michael Ashkouri and ending with John H. Piggott, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 11, 2018. (minus 2 nominees: Jeffries Blunt de Graffenried, Jr.; Omar Robles) Foreign Service nomination of Daniel Mark Smolka. Foreign Service nominations beginning with James Robert Adams and ending with Christopher M. Zveare, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 31, 2018. Foreign Service nominations beginning with Sandi R.B. Allaway and ending with Shirlene Yee, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 24, 2018. Foreign Service nominations beginning with Zachary Maxwell Aberman and ending with Daniella Jaoska Zelaya, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on Octo-ber 5, 2018. Foreign Service nominations beginning with Mark A. Dries and ending with Ralph K. Bean, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on October 5, 2018. By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Di-rector of the Court Services and Offender Su-pervision Agency for the District of Colum-bia for a term of six years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. COTTON: S. 3662. A bill to limit the availability of funds to extend the implementation of the New START Treaty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 3663. A bill to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2020, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 3664. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to create a national zero-emission vehicle standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 3665. A bill to provide for a more inclu-sive voluntary civilian national service pro-gram to promote civic engagement, enhance national unity, and foster a sense of shared sacrifice by helping young Americans par-ticipate in national service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 3666. A bill to enhance pre- and post- adoptive support services; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S ANDERS , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 3667. A bill to prevent a nuclear arms race resulting from weakened international restrictions on the proliferation of intermediate- and shorter-range missile, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 3668. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to eliminate the common carrier exemption for telecommunications companies; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 3669. A bill to assist States in improving guardianship oversight and data collection; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SCOTT: S. 3670. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3671. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to revise certain ethylene oxide emissions standards under the Clean Air Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Ms. S
MITH): S. 3672. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a mission state-ment of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. D AINES , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
ARRIS , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. 3673. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out quantum information science research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3674. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the global intan-gible low-taxed income by repealing the tax- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.042 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7191 November 28, 2018 
free deemed return on investments and de-termining net CFC tested income on a per- country basis; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. S
MITH): S. Res. 710. A resolution supporting Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 25, 2018; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Ten-nessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 821, a bill to promote access for United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 928, a bill to prohibit, as an unfair or deceptive act or practice, commer-cial sexual orientation conversion therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1089 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1089, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environ-mental benefits of the re-refining of used lubricating oil. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. THUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1533 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1533, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physician services delivered by podiatric physi-cians to ensure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to appropriate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be in-cluded under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 2029 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2029, a bill to establish a National and Community Service Administra-tion to carry out the national and vol-unteer service programs, to expand participation in such programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2237 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2237, a bill to amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the ex-amination of depository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2272 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2272, a bill to amend the Revised Stat-utes to grant State attorneys general the ability to issue subpoenas to inves-tigate suspected violations of State laws that are applicable to national banks. 
S. 2918 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2918, a bill to amend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to protect civil rights and otherwise pre-vent meaningful harm to third parties, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3020 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3020, a bill to establish in the Bu-reau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes. S. 3167 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3167, a bill to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. 
S. 3324 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3324, a bill to establish a voluntary program in the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to encourage consumers to purchase or lease new automobiles made in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 3470 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3470, a bill to promote United States-Mongolia trade by authorizing duty-free treatment for certain im-ports from Mongolia, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3583 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3583, a bill to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for research about STEM education ap-proaches and the STEM-related work-force, and for other purposes. 
S. 3588 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3588, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish an Of-fice of Federal Correctional Education, and for other purposes. 
S. 3622 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3622, a bill to condemn gross human rights violations of ethnic Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang, and call-ing for an end to arbitrary detention, torture, and harassment of these com-munities inside and outside China. 
S. 3644 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3644, a bill to authorize a special resource study on the spread vectors of chronic wasting disease in Cervidae, and for other purposes. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.043 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7192 November 28, 2018 
S. 3656 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3656, a bill to authorize the Depart-ment of Energy to conduct collabo-rative research with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to di-rect the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
S. RES. 633 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 633, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should take all appropriate measures to ensure that the United States Postal Service re-mains an independent establishment of the Federal Government and is not subject to privatization. 
S. RES. 709 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Mis-souri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. K
YL), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 709, a resolu-tion condemning Russia’s provocative actions in the Kerch Strait against the Ukrainian navy. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 3669. A bill to assist States in im-proving guardianship oversight and data collection; to the Committee on Finance. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President. As Chairman of the Senate Aging Com-mittee, I rise today to introduce the ‘‘Guardianship Accountability Act of 2018,’’ a bill that would assist States in improving guardianship oversight and data collection. I am pleased to be joined by our Committee’s Ranking Member, Senator BOBCASEY . Protecting older Americans from fi-nancial fraud and exploitation is one of my top priorities. According to the Na-tional Center for State Courts, an esti-mated 1.3 million adults are under the care of guardians—family members or professionals—who control approxi-mately $50 billion of their assets. Guardianship is a legal relationship created by a court that is designed to protect those with diminished or lost capacity. In many cases, however, the system lacks basic protections leaving the most vulnerable Americans at risk of exploitation. Today, the Aging Committee released a bipartisan report to help change the tide, implement reforms, and restore trust in guardianship. Titled, ‘‘Ensur-ing Trust: Strengthening State Efforts to Overhaul the Guardianship Process and Protect Older Americans,’’ the re-port is the culmination of the Commit-tee’s year-long work investigating the guardianship system. Throughout the course of the year, we heard harrowing tales from families around the Nation who have struggled with abusive guardians. We also spoke with families who had heartening sto-ries to share—of dedicated and faithful guardians stepping up to protect the assets of seniors with dementia and other conditions affecting capacity. A good guardian can provide years of sup-port for a protected individual, ensur-ing a full life directed, wherever pos-sible, by the person’s own choices and preferences. Once a guardianship is im-posed, however, the individual’s rights are removed, and oversight to protect the individual from abuse, neglect, and exploitation becomes critical. Our Committee has gathered infor-mation, analysis and recommendations from States, courts, and organizations representing older Americans and those with disabilities around the country, and received more than 100 comments pointing to gaps in the sys-tem and, most important, offering so-lutions. The Committee found a pat-tern of barriers to proper oversight and a need for greater use of alternatives to guardianship. We identified persistent and widespread challenges that require a nationwide focus in order to ensure the guardianship system works on be-half of the individuals it is intended to protect. The Committee’s report out-lines policy recommendations at local, state, and federal levels that would im-prove outcomes for Americans subject to guardianship. The Guardianship Accountability Act addresses many of our report’s rec-ommendations. The bill would direct the Elder Justice Coordinating Council to establish a National Online Re-source Center on Guardianship to col-lect and publish information relevant to guardianship for use by guardians, individuals subject to guardianship, courts, states, local governments, and community organizations. The re-source center would also publish model legislation and best practices devel-oped pursuant to the Elder Abuse Pre-vention and Prosecution Act, compile and publish training materials for guardians, share research related to guardianship, and maintain a database on State laws regarding guardianship and the use of less restrictive alter-natives. In addition, the bill would also expand the availability of Federal dem-onstration grants, established by the Elder Justice Act, to include use for the development of State guardianship databases, training for court visitors, and sharing of information on guardian background checks. Combating financial abuse and ex-ploitation of seniors requires law en-forcement and social service agencies at all levels of government to work col-laboratively together, which the Guardianship Accountability Act pro-motes. I’m proud to have worked on this bill with Senator C
ASEY , and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3671. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to revise certain ethylene oxide emissions standards under the Clean Air Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3671 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ETHYLENE OXIDE EMISSIONS STAND-ARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall amend— (1) subparts O and FFFF of part 63 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to revise the standards for the emission of ethylene oxide under those subparts based on the results de-scribed in the report of the National Center for Environmental Assessment of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency entitled ‘‘Evaluation of the Inhalation Carcino-genicity of Ethylene Oxide’’ and dated De-cember 2016; and (2) subpart O of part 63 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to apply maximum achievable control technology (within the meaning of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.)) requirements to chamber exhaust vents. (b) N
OTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the Administrator learns of a violation of the standards revised under subsection (a), the Administrator shall notify the public of the violation in a manner determined to be appropriate by the Administrator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.040 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7193 November 28, 2018 
(2) F AILURE TO NOTIFY .—If the Adminis-trator fails to notify the public under para-graph (1) by the end of the period described in that paragraph, the Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency shall carry out an investigation to determine— (A) the reason or reasons for which the Ad-ministrator failed to notify the public; (B) the public health risks associated with the failure of the Administrator to notify the public; and (C) any steps the Administrator should take to ensure the Administrator meets the requirements described in paragraph (1) in the future. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 710—SUP-PORTING LIGHTS ON AFTER-SCHOOL, A NATIONAL CELEBRA-TION OF AFTERSCHOOL PRO-GRAMS HELD ON OCTOBER 25, 2018 Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. S
MITH) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 710 Whereas more than 28,000,000 children in the United States have parents who work outside the home; Whereas high-quality programs that ex-pand learning opportunities for children, such as afterschool, before-school, summer, and expanded learning opportunities, provide safe, challenging, engaging, and fun learning experiences, including experiences that en-courage the study of science, technology, en-gineering, and math, that help children and youth develop social, emotional, physical, cultural, and academic skills; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs and high-quality expanded learning opportu-nities provide students with hands-on, en-gaging lessons that are aligned with the school day; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs complement regular and expanded school days and support working families by ensur-ing that the children of those families are safe and productive during the hours parents are working; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs engage families, schools, and diverse commu-nity partners in advancing the well-being of children and youth in the United States; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs that partner with high-quality community- based organizations build stronger commu-nities by integrating schools with the larger community; and Whereas Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool, before-school, summer, and expanded learning opportuni-ties programs, held on October 25, 2018, high-lights the critical importance of those high- quality programs to children and the fami-lies and communities of those children: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 25, 2018. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I have 11 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE  
The Committee on Agriculture is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutchins, of Indi-ana, to be Under Secretary for Re-search, Education, and Economics, all of the Department of Agriculture. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing America’s Surface Trans-portation Infrastructure Needs.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, No-vember 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Fight to End Modern Slavery.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, No-vember 28, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reducing Health Care Costs: Improving Affordability through Inno-vation.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: Ron-ald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be Chair-man, and Julia Akins Clark, of Mary-land, and Andrew F. Manuz, both to be a Member, all of the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a legis-lative hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Brian C. Buescher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Clifton L. Corker, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, M. Miller Baker, of Vir-ginia, and Timothy M. Reif, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, both to be a Judge of the United States Court of Inter-national Trade, and Donald W. Wash-ington, of Texas, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service, De-partment of Justice. COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION  
The Committee on Rules and Admin-istration is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, November 28, 2018, at 2.30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Trust: Strengthening State Efforts to Over-haul the Guardianship Process and Protect Older Americans.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Marcus Wright of my staff be given floor privi-leges for the remainder of this Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ariel Caspillo, a legislative fellow in my office, be per-mitted floor access for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PEPFAR EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 6651, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6651) to extend certain authori-ties relating to United States efforts to com-bat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.044 S28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7194 November 28, 2018 
considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6651) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THREATS TO FREE-DOM OF THE PRESS AND EX-PRESSION AROUND THE WORLD Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 545, S. Res. 501. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 501) recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to pro-mote democracy and good governance. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations without amendment and with an amendment to the preamble. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; that the committee-re-ported amendment to the preamble be agreed to; that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 501) was agreed to. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to as follows: 
Whereas freedom of the press is a cornerstone of American democracy and is enshrined in the first amendment to the Constitution; Whereas Article 19 of the United Nations Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted in Paris, France, on December 10, 1948, states that ‘‘[e]veryone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers’’; Whereas, in 1993, the United Nations General Assembly proclaimed May 3 of each year as ‘‘World Press Freedom Day’’ to— (1) celebrate the fundamental principles of freedom of the press; (2) evaluate freedom of the press around the world; (3) defend against attacks on the independ-ence of the media; and (4) pay tribute to journalists who have lost their lives in the exercise of their profession; Whereas, on December 18, 2013, the United Nations General Assembly adopted United Na-tions General Assembly Resolution 163 (2013) on the safety of journalists and the issue of impu-nity, which unequivocally condemns, in both conflict and non-conflict situations, all attacks on and violence against journalists and media workers, including torture, extrajudicial killing, enforced disappearance, arbitrary detention, and intimidation and harassment; Whereas the theme for World Press Freedom Day 2018 is ‘‘Keeping Power in Check: Media, Justice and The Rule of Law’’; Whereas the Daniel Pearl Freedom of the Press Act of 2009 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note; Public Law 111–166), which was passed by unanimous consent in the Senate and signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010, expanded the annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices of the Department of State to include an examination of freedom of the press; Whereas the 2017 World Press Freedom Index, published by Reporters Without Borders, warned that ‘‘media freedom has retreated wherever the authoritarian strongman model has triumphed’’; Whereas Freedom House noted in the report ‘‘Freedom of the Press 2017’’ that— (1) global press freedom has declined to its lowest point in 13 years; and (2) only 13 percent of the global population enjoys a free press, meaning a media environ-ment in which ‘‘coverage of political news is ro-bust, the safety of journalists is guaranteed, state intrusion in media affairs is minimal, and the press is not subject to onerous legal or eco-nomic pressures’’; Whereas journalists working inside the United States are not immune from violence against the media, as was demonstrated on the afternoon of June 28, 2018, when a 38-year-old gunman with a long-standing grudge against the reporting of the Capital Gazette entered the newspaper’s newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland, and killed 5 employees with a shotgun; Whereas, according to the Committee to Pro-tect Journalists— (1) in 2017— (A) the 2 deadliest countries for journalists on assignment were Iraq and Syria; (B) 46 journalists were killed in cases in which the motive for the killing was confirmed to be re-lated to reporting by those journalists; (C) 20 journalists were killed in cases in which the motive for the killing was unconfirmed; (D) there were 21 cases in which journalists were jailed for ‘‘false news’’, which represented more than double the number of cases in which journalists were jailed for ‘‘false news’’ in 2016; and (E) the percentage of female journalists who were killed in a year was the highest on record; (2) the most dangerous subject for a journalist to report is politics, followed only then by war; and (3) as of December 1, 2017, 262 journalists worldwide were imprisoned for their work, marking the second consecutive year that the number of journalists imprisoned for their work hit a historic high; Whereas freedom of the press is a key compo-nent of democratic governance, activism in civil society, and socioeconomic development; and Whereas freedom of the press enhances public accountability, transparency, and participation in civil society and democratic governance: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses concern about the threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world; (2) welcomes the celebration of World Press Freedom Day 2018 on May 3, 2018; (3) commends journalists and media work-ers around the world for their essential role in promoting government accountability, de-fending democratic activity, and strength-ening civil society, despite threats to the safety of those journalists and media work-ers; (4) pays tribute to journalists who have lost their lives carrying out their work; (5) calls on governments abroad to imple-ment United Nations General Assembly Res-olution 163 (2013) on the safety of journalists and the issue of impunity by thoroughly in-vestigating and seeking to resolve out-standing cases of violence against journal-ists, including murders and kidnappings, while ensuring the protection of witnesses; (6) condemns all actions around the world that suppress freedom of the press; (7) reaffirms the centrality of freedom of the press to efforts of the Government of the United States to support democracy, miti-gate conflict, and promote good governance domestically and around the world; and (8) calls on the President and the Secretary of State to— (A) on the basis of the protections afforded under the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, preserve and build upon the leadership of the United States on issues relating to freedom of the press; (B) improve the means by which the Gov-ernment of the United States rapidly identi-fies, publicizes, and responds to threats against freedom of the press around the world; (C) urge foreign governments to conduct transparent investigations and adjudications of the perpetrators of attacks against jour-nalists; and (D) highlight the issue of threats against freedom of the press— (i) in the annual Human Rights Reports of the Department of State; and (ii) throughout the year. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, as amended, was passed. 
f 
SUPPORTING LIGHTS ON AFTER-SCHOOL, A NATIONAL CELEBRA-TION OF AFTERSCHOOL PRO-GRAMS HELD ON OCTOBER 25, 2018 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 710, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 710) supporting Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 25, 2018. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, that the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 710) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Ma-jority Leader and the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the Public Law 110–298, the appointment of the fol-lowing individual to serve as a member of the Federal Law Enforcement Con-gressional Badge of Bravery Board: Charles Dunne of New York (vice Rick McCubbin of Kentucky). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S28NO8.REC S28NO8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7195 November 28, 2018 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2018 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Thursday, Novem-ber 29; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Farr nomination under the previous order; finally, that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Farr nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:10 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10 a.m. f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate November 28, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
KAREN DUNN KELLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE DEP-UTY SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.060 S28NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1563 November 28, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the chamber on Tues-day, November 27, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 421 and 422. 
f 
HONORING THE 2019 ACADEMY NOMINEES OF THE 11TH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, every year, more high school seniors from the 11th Congressional District trade in varsity jackets for Navy pea coats, Air Force flight suits, and Army brass buckles than most other districts in the country. In fact, this is nothing new—our area has repeatedly sent an above average portion of its sons and daughters to the na-tion’s military academies for decades. This fact should not come as a surprise. The educational excellence of area schools is well known and has long been a magnet for families looking for the best environment in which to raise their children. Our graduates are skilled not only in mathematics, science, and social studies, but also have solid back-grounds in sports, debate teams, and other extracurricular activities. This diverse upbring-ing makes military academy recruiters sit up and take note—indeed, many recruiters know our towns and schools by name. Since the 1830s, Members of Congress have enjoyed meeting, talking with, and nomi-nating superb young people to our military academies. But how did this process evolve? In 1843, when West Point was the sole acad-emy, Congress ratified the nominating process and became directly involved in the makeup of our military’s leadership. This was not an act of an imperial Congress bent on controlling every aspect of government. Rather, the pro-cedure still used today was, and is, a further check and balance in our democracy. It was originally designed to weaken and divide polit-ical coloration in the officer corps, provide geographical balance to our armed services, and to make the officer corps more resilient to unfettered nepotism and handicapped Euro-pean armies. In 1854, Representative Gerritt Smith of New York added a new component to the academy nomination process, the academy review board. This was the first time a Mem-ber of Congress appointed prominent citizens from his district to screen applicants and as-sist with the serious duty of nominating can-didates for academy admission. Today, I am honored to continue this wise tradition in my service to the 11th Congressional District. My Academy Review Board is composed of local citizens who have shown exemplary service to New Jersey, to their communities, and to the continued excellence of education in our area; many are veterans. Although from diverse backgrounds and professions, they all share a common vision, that the best qualified and motivated graduates attend our acad-emies. And, as true for most volunteer panels, their service goes largely unnoticed. I would like to take a moment to recognize and thank them publicly for participating in this important panel. Being on the board requires hard work and an objective mind. Members have the responsibility of interviewing upwards of 50 outstanding young men and women every year in the academy review process. The nomination process follows a general timetable. High school seniors mail personal information directly to the Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Marine Academy once they become interested in attending. Information in-cludes academic achievement, college entry test scores, and other activities. At this time, they also inform my office of their desire to be nominated. The academies then assess the applicants, rank them based on the data supplied, and re-turn the files to my office with their notations. In late November, our Academy Review Board interviews all of the applicants over the course of 2 days. They assess a student’s qualifica-tions and analyze character, desire to serve, and other talents that may not appear on paper. This year the board interviewed 50 appli-cants. The Board’s recommendations are then forwarded to the academies, where recruiters review files and notify applicants of their final decision on admission. As these highly motivated and talented young men and women go through the acad-emy nominating process, never let us forget the sacrifice they are preparing to make: to defend our country and protect our citizens. This holds especially true at a time when our nation is fighting the war against terrorism. Whether it is in the Middle East, Africa or other troubled spots around the world, no doubt we are constantly reminded that wars are fought by the young. And, while our mili-tary missions are both important and dan-gerous, it is reassuring to know that we con-tinue to put America’s best and brightest in command. 
ACADEMY NOMINEES FOR 2019, 11 TH C
ONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT  
AIR FORCE ACADEMY  Matthew Forget, St. Peter’s Preparatory School James Galbraith, Morristown High School Sarah Houser, Morristown High School Justus von Lengerke, Montclair Kimberly Academy Lazarra Mazza-Hilway, Passaic Valley High School John Pendergrast, West Morris Mendham High School Paul Rickershauser, Morristown High School Bradley Rindos, Chatham High School Rachel Schneider, Passaic County Tech-nical Institute Tori Seeland, Sparta High School MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY  Connor Collins, Mountain Lakes High School Mission Kercher, Mountain Lakes High School Ryan Mayes, Chatham High School Mason Morales, Bloomfield High School Grace Rose, Passaic Valley Regional High School Carter Sheridan, Sparta High School 
MILITARY ACADEMY  Russell Eberding, U.S. Military Academy Preparatory School Reilly Hughes, Montclair Kimberly Acad-emy Sean Lee, Chatham High School Patrick McGurrin, Sparta High School Colin Morgan, West Orange High School Pierce Moul, West Orange High School Maria Pacelli, Wayne Valley High School Connor Tsikitas, St. Joseph’s Regional High School Edward Wolf, Depaul Catholic High School Kai Youngren, Newark Academy 
NAVAL ACADEMY  Matthew Dubois, Xavier High School Stuart Fechhelm, West Morris Mendham High School Nicolas Galup, St. Peter’s Preparatory School Douglas Gologorsky, Montville Township High School Arush Naidu, Delbarton High School Calvin Poche, University of Wisconsin- Madison William Stoddard, Sparta High School Quinten Tomaro, Chatham High School Sarah Williams, Morristown-Beard School Antonio Zaccaria, West Essex Regional High School f 
HONORING THE 6TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT EDUCATION ADVISORY COMMITTE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the individuals who served on the 6th Congressional District Education Advisory Committee. The members of the Advisory Committee met with my team regularly to discuss impor-tant education issues in Indiana. During the time I’ve served in Congress, numerous edu-cation issues have been at the center of the national stage. This Committee advised me on everything from school nutrition to higher edu-cation finance. The Committee’s valuable in-sight helped me better represent Hoosiers from the 6th Congressional District in Con-gress. I would like to thank all of the members of the Committee, including Dave Pfaff, Dave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.001 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1564 November 28, 2018 
Adams, Jim Roberts, Chris Hoke, Ryan Mikus, Paul Ketcham, Jeff Whorley, Jr., John Ellserer, Dennis Ice, Elizabeth Jones, Kathleen Mote, Chris Gage, Jill Landers, Sam Snideman, Steve Fisher, Mary McCoy, Tim Scales, Curt Merlau, and Brelyn Nolting. I appreciate their service on the Committee and their dedication to making Indiana a better place to live for all Hoosiers. I wish all of them continued success in whatever God has in store for them and their families. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRADLY A. HARDEL’S THIRTY YEARS OF SERVICE IN LAW ENFORCEMENT 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Bradly A. Hardel’s thirty years of service in law enforcement, and the suc-cessful legacy he leaves as Waupaca Coun-ty’s top law enforcement officer. Sheriff Hardel’s outstanding career consists of many professional accomplishments that reflect the caliber of his leadership and service. Sheriff Hardel began working for the Waupaca County Sheriff’s Department in 1988 as a dispatch officer. His work ethic and dili-gence allowed him to climb the ranks of the department from dispatcher to patrol officer, patrol sergeant, and finally Sheriff. In 2007 he was elected Waupaca County Sheriff, a true testament to his dedication to Waupaca and his leadership abilities. From dispatch officer to Sheriff, Mr. Hardel has earned the respect of his peers and community not only in Waupaca County, but across the entire state of Wisconsin. During Sheriff Hardel’s tenure, the county experienced incredible growth and improve-ments, including the establishment of a K–9 unit and rescue SWAT vehicle. Sheriff Hardel has provided steadfast and unfailing leader-ship during times of change, while supporting his department and protecting our commu-nities. Sheriff Hardel’s concern for all officers has been instrumental in promoting a positive, healthy atmosphere. Mr. Hardel leaves large shoes to fill in the Sheriff’s office, and his legacy and impact will not soon be forgotten. There is no doubt that Sheriff Hardel will be missed by the officers who worked and served with him, the county officials who depended upon him, and the members of the communities he helped keep safe. As Sheriff Hardel steps down to pursue other interests, I have no doubt he will con-tinue to serve as a leader in Waupaca County and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in commending Mr. Hardel for his service as Sheriff and thank him for his long career protecting the great state of Wis-consin. TRIBUTE TO MAJOR, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED, TRUDY LEE CALDWELL HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Trudy Lee Caldwell. She was a vet-eran, social justice activist, devoted daughter and sister. Trudy was born on September 19, 1967, and passed away at the age of 51 on November 7, 2018. She was born in Madden, Mississippi, raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and graduated from James Madison High School. She en-listed in the United States Army in 1985 after graduating from high school. At the end of her initial enlistment, Trudy attended and grad-uated from Fayetteville State University (FSU) cum laude. While in attendance at FSU she served as both Student Government Associa-tion Present and student representative on the University’s Board of Trustees, became a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., and participated in the Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps (ROTC) Program and was commis-sioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army Quartermaster Corps. Trudy Caldwell’s assignments during her military service spanned the globe and only accentuated her worldwide perspective in ap-proaching issues. She was selected for the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS), Office of the Sec-retary of Defense Internship Program. This in-ternship Program led to assignments with the Joint Staff and the Army’s Congressional Liai-son Office. It was my pleasure to first meet Trudy while she was assigned to the U.S. House of Representatives as part of the Army’s Congressional Liaison Office in 2004. Under the auspices of the JCS, Office of the Secretary of Defense Internship Program, Trudy completed her Master’s Degree from Georgetown University’s highly venerated McCourt School of Public Policy. She also served a work placement in my congressional office as part of her graduate studies concen-trating on Veteran’s Issues; Trudy was a valu-able asset bringing her knowledge and years of military service to assist the staff and con-stituents of the 4th Congressional District. Major Caldwell lived life to the fullest and I was pleased to celebrate her 50th birthday with her and other friends two years ago in Milwaukee. Trudy achieved one of her goals to establish the Myrick Woodley Leadership Institute. The Institute mission is to inspire and empower youth in the greater Milwaukee area to develop to pursue STEM careers in non-traditional sectors. Youth would be exposed to opportunities at home in Washington, DC. The youth would become informed and engaged world citizens and leaders while carrying out her vision greater exposure and growth for youth. Major Caldwell retired from active duty in 2009 after an accumulated service of 20 years. After retirement, she continued her pub-lic service as a Department the Army Civilians and worked for the Office of the Deputy As-sistant Secretary of the Army in procurement where she worked until her transition. She leaves behind many friends, admirers and family members to mourn her passing in-cluding: her mother Eliza B. Myrick; sisters Hope Myrick and Charlotte Woodley, a niece and nephew. Major Trudy Lee Caldwell made a positive impact on Milwaukee Wisconsin and the world. I am proud to call Trudy my friend. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons I rise to pay tribute to a woman whose legacy will continue to benefit the Fourth Congressional District for years. 
f 
HONORING THE 6TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT FAITH BASED ADVISORY COMMITTE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the individuals who served on the 6th Congressional District Faith Based Advisory Committee. The members of the Advisory Committee met with my team regularly to discuss impor-tant faith issues in Indiana. During the time I’ve served in Congress, numerous issues re-lating to religious freedom, life, marriage, and faith have been at the center of the national stage. The Committee’s valuable insight helped me better represent Hoosiers from the 6th Congressional District in Congress. I would like to thank all of the members of the Committee, including Glenn Tebbe, Clay Morgan, Steve Yeaton, Larry Gember, Sister Joan Miller, Frank Baldwin, Ryan McCann, Shane Whybrew, Pamela Russell, Mathew Barnes, Brett Fischer, and Marcus Schrader. I appreciate their service on the Committee and their dedication to making Indiana a better place to live for all Hoosiers. I wish all of them continued success in whatever God has in store for them and their families. 
f 
JOSEPH AND CHANUKAH 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD a statement on behalf of my constituent, Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman. Rabbi Zoberman is the Founding Rabbi of Congregation Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Born in Chu, Kazakhstan (USSR) in 1945, he is the son of Polish Holo-caust Survivors and spent his early childhood in Displaced Persons Camps in Austria and Germany before moving to Haifa, Israel in 1949. 
The great and most colorful Joseph saga extends over four Torah portions and thir-teen Biblical chapters! How opportune it is as we celebrate the miracle of Chanukah and the reading of Joseph’s awesome adventures, that the Jewish experience has often been to find ourselves like Joseph, in the darkness of the pit, without losing faith in the light of redemption yet to emerge. As we kindle this season the Chanukah menorah’s sacred lights of eternal hope for a world trans-formed through Sholom’s gifts, we remember the 11 lost shining lights targeted on Shab-bat by the venom of the precipitous rise of anti-Semitic darkness (Western civilization’s oldest disease) at the historic Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. It was the dead-liest attack on Jews on American soil. In-deed, an attack on what America, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.003 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1565 November 28, 2018 
world’s leading democracy, is all about. We should ponder with somber soul-searching: How could an American perpetrate such criminal carnage in sacred space and time? Lady Liberty is shedding tears. As a family member of the surviving rem-nant of European Jewry, the committed atrocity is reminiscent of the Holocaust. How tragically poignant that the Pittsburgh massacre happened only days before observ-ing the 80th anniversary of Kristallnacht (November 9–10, 1938), the Holocaust’s pre-cursor, when Synagogues and Jewish busi-nesses were set ablaze throughout Germany, 91 Jews were killed, and 30,000 Jews were sent to concentration camps. The Holo-caust’s lessons should be taught on all edu-cation levels, even as we continue to trust in the overriding goodness of the American peo-ple. However, we should ever strengthen our democratic institutions and not take them for granted! In Pittsburgh, two worshippers and four heroic police officers were wounded as well. In the precious honor of all martyred vic-tims, first respondents and our own, let us pledge to spread more loving and enlight-ening light (the violated synagogue also car-ries the name, Or L’simcha, namely the de-light of celebration) as we affirm that the ra-diant lights of our fallen fellow Jews will not be driven out. Their undying lights will con-tinue through us and all fellow Americans to turn blemishes into blessings and the evil darkness of all forms of racist hatred into re-deeming lights of love. Let us engage in ran-dom acts of kindness, as well as reach out to people at large! The four thousand year old inspiring Menorah of Jewish life lit by the Maccabees of all ages will not be extin-guished! It was reassuring at the moving gathering vigil organized by the United Jew-ish Federation of Tidewater at the Sandler Family Campus and Simon Family JCC in Virginia Beach, to have a large assembly with interfaith and community leaders in at-tendance, including Congressmen Scott Tay-lor and Bobby Scott. Just like Joseph, the dreamer and inter-preter of incredible dreams (he should have kept some of them to himself!), the Jewish people have believed that noble as well as disturbing dreams have the potential and power to transform reality. In the way of Jo-seph, who was not accepted by his own im-mature and treacherous kin, begrudging his unique spirit and grandiose ideas of a dreamy youngster whose father’s favoritism put him at risk, we have felt isolated throughout much of history. We have been rejected for insisting on liv-ing our own authentic lives as a minority, yet willing to stand up to the majority if necessary. Our faithfulness to the dictates of our faith and conscience has been inter-preted as a negative reflection of aloofness rather than one of a proud choice. Joseph, through his mind’s genius and heart’s com-passion, was able to save both his adopted empire of Egypt and his family from small Canaan. In the process, he taught us that borders and feelings need not be obstacles to a constructive response to the urgent de-mands of life and death issues. Joseph managed to transcend his personal insecurities and apprehensions in order to accomplish the larger and lasting goals of putting his substantial talents to the bene-ficial use of society, rather than dwelling on past hurts and injustices that could have crippled him and others. Thus, he wisely chose the high road allowing him to become a great Egyptian, while earning his status as a great Hebrew brother and leader, whose early self-centered dreams turned into a blessed reality for all concerned through ma-turity of character wrought by trials and tribulations. The ultimate challenge though of this mighty ruler, second only to Pharaoh, as is often the human case, was to conquer and control his own raging passions, which he had already proven with tempting and ag-gressive Mrs. Potiphar, earning him the Rab-bis’ honorific appellation ‘‘Hatzadik’’ (The saintly one). He was able to repeat it with his brothers at the pinnacle of his brilliant career with so much at stake for himself and for them. What a moving moment of victory it is for all concerned, when Joseph can no longer hold back his tears, and eagerly de-sires to reveal his true identity to his over-whelmed brothers, not quite realizing that they would never recover from the shock of the encounter and/or from the guilt that would continue to burden them. Perhaps Joseph’s favorable decision to reach out to them was ultimately prompted by Judah’s display of sincere love for Broth-er Benjamin (Joseph’s younger brother and Rachel was their mother) as well as for fa-ther Jacob’s well-being. Earlier, Joseph learned of his brothers’ remorse and fear when being challenged by him, acknowl-edging their past wrongdoing. Upon recon-necting to his family, he was able to rejoin his roots and was thus ennobled and made whole. Joseph could have abandoned his He-brew background, protecting his painfully acquired identity and status, but he knew that his remarkable life’s success had to carry a humbling message of healing and gratitude. Joseph appeals to us in his touching hu-maneness, which is not lost when he becomes powerful, and his survivor’s skills of ascend-ing from the pit to the palace inspire us, re-alizing that it reflects the historic Jewish challenge to survive and even thrive in a harsh reality. He is the prototype model of the modern Jew, enlightening us about liv-ing in two worlds. He was able to perceive God’s guiding hand in his tumultuous life, steeled and sensitized by adversity turned into advantage. Joseph and those with the Maccabees’ spirit have taught us that to be a Jew is to somehow make a difference, re-ducing darkness and rejoicing in the light’s promise. f 
RECOGNIZING WEBB BROWN OF HELENA 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Webb Brown of Helena for his dec-ades of leadership in advancing Montana’s business community and our job creators. Mr. Brown recently announced his retire-ment after 20 years as president and CEO of the Montana Chamber of Commerce and ex-ecutive director of the Montana Chamber Foundation. A fifth-generation Montanan from Trout Creek, Mr. Brown has been a strong voice and tireless advocate for Montana businesses since the early 1990s. Before taking the helm of the Montana Chamber of Commerce in 1999, he led business development organiza-tions in Thompson Falls, Lewistown, and Bil-lings. Under his steady leadership, the Montana Chamber has grown larger and stronger, ef-fectively advancing the interests of Montana businesses at the local, state, and federal lev-els. Mr. Brown has been instrumental in spear-heading many initiatives to cultivate a more competitive climate for businesses in Montana. I got to know him as we worked together on initiatives promoting entrepreneurship and ex-panding telecommuting to bring our kids back home to Montana. With the help of Mr. Brown and the Montana Chamber of Commerce, entrepreneurship has flourished in Montana. Our state leads the na-tion in entrepreneurship with more than 1 in 10 Montanans owning a business, according to a 2016 Kauffman Foundation report. Mr. Speaker, for his dedication to making Montana more business friendly, for his com-mitment to creating jobs and opportunity for more Montanans, and for always putting Mon-tana first, I recognize Webb Brown for his spir-it of Montana. f 
HONORING THE 6TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT VETERANS AD-VISORY COMMITTEE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the individuals who served of the 6th Congressional District Veterans Advisory Committee. The members of the Advisory Committee met with my team regularly to discuss emerg-ing veterans issues in Indiana. We owe a debt of gratitude to our veterans and for their serv-ice and sacrifices to our country. Ensuring we honor the commitment to all of those who have served has been a top priority of mine since coming to Congress. The Committee’s valuable insight helped me better represent Hoosier veterans’ priorities in Congress. I want to thank all of the members of the Committee, including Emmy Hildebrand, Mark Pillar, and Rick Caldwell. I appreciate their service on the Committee and their dedication to making Indiana a better place to live for all veterans. I wish all of them continued success in whatever God has in store for them and their families. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TENTH ANNUAL FAMILY CHRISTMAS EXTRAVA-GANZA 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on December 15, 2018, Brevard County families, businesses and local community organizations will gather together to celebrate the Tenth Annual Family Christmas Extravaganza. This wonderful event, which will take place at Fred Poppe Re-gional Park in Palm Bay, FL, will provide an uplifting message of hope and future during this Christmas season. The House Church, the City of Palm Bay Parks & Recreation, Gator Automotive, Thrifty Produce, Chick-Fil-A, and Church on the Rock, Elevation Church, Calvary Chapel Mel-bourne, Discover Life Church, Victory Church, Jornada Church, Bay West Church, Victory in Christ Church, and several other business partners have recognized the importance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.007 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1566 November 28, 2018 
providing a positive venue for residents and children to celebrate Christmas. There is no cost to attend the Family Christmas Extrava-ganza as everything is absolutely FREE to the public. The sponsors of this annual event have committed to serving others during this Christ-mas season and that’s what makes the Family Christmas Extravaganza so special. The Heritage High School and Bayside High School Marching Bands will be performing along with local band members. This year the Family Christmas Extravaganza will feature Beckah Shae, a popular American Christian- pop-worship singer-songwriter. ‘‘I am excited and honored to participate in such a worth-while event, and I am grateful to be able to bring my talents to share with the community with a message of Hope,’’ said Shae. Senior Pastor Ken Delgado of The House at Palm Bay said: ‘‘With today’s news being filled with division, contention and expressions of hatred, it is exciting to see the City of Palm Bay, along with the city’s businesses and the citizens, create an event where love, joy and peace are expressed. The Family Christmas Extravaganza is the greatest expression that so many people yearn for, and is what the an-gels proclaimed at the birth of Jesus, saying ‘Peace and good will towards all men’.’’ This year the City of Palm Bay issued a proclamation designating December 15, 2018 Family Christmas Extravaganza Day. Mayor William Capote said: ‘‘The Family Christmas Extravaganza is a wonderful annual tradition in the great City of Palm Bay. I am proud to be the Mayor of a City where groups like The House church spend so much time and en-ergy selflessly giving back to our community. The House has captured the giving spirit of the holiday season with this event, providing a day of celebration and Christmas joy com-pletely free of charge. I’ve seen the positive impact of the Extravaganza over the years and I am excited to see this event continue to grow!’’ Reverend Rob Medina, Director of Ministries at The House at Palm Bay said: ‘‘The Family Christmas Extravaganza has exponentially grown throughout the years because of the collaboration of so many entities. The template we use of partnership with Government, Churches, and Businesses should be rep-licated throughout our nation and moreover the entire globe. It is an outstanding example of sharing the Christmas Spirit as we acknowl-edge the Greatest Gift freely given to man-kind. We celebrate the birth of Jesus, so we proudly say Happy Birthday Jesus.’’ Many communities across our great nation have seized upon this opportunity to spread the Christmas spirit, through good deeds and charitable acts. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting these great Americans and in con-gratulating all those who have worked so hard to make the Annual Family Christmas Extrava-ganza possible. 
f 
CLAIRE SATTLER 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Claire Sattler on her impressive victory at the 2018 Teen Jeopardy Tournament. Claire worked very studiously leading up to and throughout the tournament. I am honored that she admi-rably represented our Bonita Springs commu-nity in front of a national audience. Claire was rewarded with $100,000 which she will use to pay for her college tuition. She has applied to 14 colleges and with her work ethic and determination, I know she will suc-ceed as she pursues higher education. Further, she plans on donating a portion of her earnings to charities, such as Stem4Students and Immokalee’s Guadalupe Center. It is fitting that she chose to give back to further education for others. Our Southwest Florida community is grateful for her contribu-tions. f 
HONORING WADE AND GERTRUDE WHITAKER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Wade and Gertrude Whitaker for their contribution to our state and their community. Wade and Gertrude have made a positive and lasting impact in Connersville and embody exactly what ‘‘Hoosier hospitality’’ is meant to be. I could always count on them, and I know our state is better off today because of their extraordinary leadership and service in Fay-ette County. On a personal note, the Whitakers were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. They are loyal confidants and wise advisers. I want to thank them for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on Novem-ber 14, 2018, I missed roll call 418. Had I voted on roll call 418, providing for consideration of H.R. 6784, the Manage our Wolves Act; and providing for proceedings during the period from November 19, 2018, through November 26, 2018, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF DOUG ANDERSON 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude to Doug Ander-son, and to commend his outstanding service as General Counsel and Parliamentarian to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Twenty-two years into his Capitol Hill ca-reer, Doug is a cherished Committee institu-tion. Sharp-eyed observers will note that whenever I preside over a Committee markup or manage Floor debate, Doug is sitting right there next to me. His notes have assisted nu-merous victories, and avoided a few disasters. But that is just a tiny part of what he does. Day in and day out, for years, Doug has provided wise counsel to me, to my prede-cessor ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , and to her pred-ecessor, the late Henry Hyde. He has helped to draft and negotiate hundreds of successful bills and resolutions on key foreign policy issues—from North Korea, to State Depart-ment authorities, to the fight against modern slavery. You can see his commitment to human dignity not only in his legislative work, but also in the way he treats all of his col-leagues, on both sides of the aisle. He is a man of uncommon judgment, even tempera-ment, and genuine good humor. Even more than his issues, Doug loves his family. I want to thank his wife Rebecca and their children—Sarah, Emily, Ian, and Chloe— for sharing him during the many hours that he has dedicated to the work of this House. They can be proud of his service, as I am proud of what we have accomplished together during these past six years. 
f 
HONORING THE 6TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT MANUFAC-TURING ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the individuals who served on the 6th Congressional District Manufacturing Advisory Committee. The members of the Advisory Committee met with my team regularly to discuss emerg-ing manufacturing issues that are impacting Indiana. Manufacturing accounts for nearly one-third of the total GDP in Indiana and man-ufacturers employ more than a half of a million Hoosiers across our state. The Committee’s valuable insight helped me better represent Hoosiers in the 6th Congressional District in Congress. I would like to thank all of the members of the Committee, including Jody Fledderman, John Meredith, Chris King, Whitney Foughty, Dominic Grote, John Linville, Kevin Ahaus, Lawrence McCormack, Lisa Kobe, Mike Wickersham, Ryan Hou, Sue Smith, Timothy Rushenberg, Tom Ryder, and Blair Wheat. I appreciate their service on the Advisory Committee and their dedication to making Indi-ana a better place to live for all Hoosiers. I wish all of them continued success in what-ever God has in store for them and their fami-lies. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF SGT. LEANDRO JASSO 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life, service, and sacrifice of Sgt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.010 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1567 November 28, 2018 
Leandro Jasso, an Army Ranger who grew up in Leavenworth, WA and was assigned to Joint Base Lewis-McChord. Sgt. Jasso was killed in Afghanistan during his 3rd deployment protecting and defending our country. The men and women who serve in the military are the very backbone of our nation. The free-doms we as citizens enjoy would not be pos-sible without the courageous sacrifices Sgt. Jasso and countless others have made. Sgt Jasso’s commander stated that he was ‘‘a humble professional who placed the mission first, lived the Ranger Creed and will be deep-ly missed.’’ In others words, he had the heart of a servant. While it is with incredible sad-ness that I make this statement, it is also with immense gratitude for the life of service he lived, the people he touched, and the sacrifice he made. We will be forever grateful. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on November 27, 2018 for Roll Call Vote 421 and Roll Call Vote 422. Had I been present, my vote would have been the following: Yea on Roll Call Vote 421 and Yea on 422. 
f 
HONORING THE 6TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT AGRICULTURE ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the individuals who served on the 6th Congressional District Agriculture Advisory Committee. The members of the Advisory Committee met with my team regularly to discuss emerg-ing agriculture issues in Indiana. Agriculture has played a critical role in Indiana’s economy throughout our state’s history. Indiana is home to nearly 60,000 farms that produce a wide variety of crops and livestock. The Commit-tee’s valuable insight helped me better rep-resent Hoosier farmers’ priorities in Congress. I would like to thank all of the members of the Committee, including Anngie Steinbarger, David Howell, Mark Bacon, Matt Chapman, Elaine Gillis, Jim Douglas, Gerald Guack, Leah Beyer, Brett Glick, Harold Cooper, Jer-emy Russell, Eugene Whitehead, Kari Steele, Jonathan Sparks, Ed Yanos, Andrew Fix, Clark Jordan, Tom Chalfant, Tyler Silveus, Christian McCray, Bryan Fischer, Scott Logue, and Tobe Forshtay. I appreciate their service on the Committee and their dedication to making Indiana a better place to live for all Hoosiers. I wish all of them continued success in whatever God has in store for them and their families. PROMOTION OF MAJOR MARISOL ALTAGRACIA CHALAS TO LIEU-TENANT COLONEL IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Major Marisol Altagracia Chalas on the occasion of her well-deserved promotion to Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army. Marisol began her outstanding military career 28 years ago as an enlisted soldier and has broken barriers on behalf of women in this country ever since. Most nota-bly, in 2001 she had the distinction of becom-ing the first Latina National Guard Black Hawk pilot in the United States. Throughout her ca-reer, she has held the position of Battle Cap-tain and Platoon Leader during Operation Iraqi Freedom, Aviation Liaison under the Com-bined Joint Task Force in the Dominican Re-public, Lean Six Sigma Advisor, and Force Management and Exchange Officer with the Canadian military. Marisol also has out-standing corporate experience, having worked in management positions at General Electric and Booz Allen Hamilton. Marisol’s commitment to public service is not limited to serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. It extends to helping her community as well. Marisol started a leadership lunch and learn program for children at Fort Bragg, took part in the Big Brothers Big Sisters of America program, and currently serves on the board of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy. She also received the USCIS Outstanding Amer-ican by Choice award in 2017, which high-lights and celebrates the experiences and work ethic that immigrants contribute to the United States. As an Army Congressional Fellow in my of-fice, Marisol brought a unique perspective to my staff. Her long and distinguished career in the military added invaluable insight while we considered the Fiscal Year 2018 Defense Ap-propriations legislation. The policy and funding measures she worked on helped to improve the lives of U.S. service members around the world. Additionally, Marisol oversaw the State and Foreign Operations and Homeland Secu-rity appropriations portfolios during her year in the office. Whether it was meeting with con-stituents, staffing day long Appropriations Committee markups, or debating important issues with staff, Marisol always conducted herself with the utmost professionalism and re-spect. Marisol’s service and dedication to our na-tion truly upholds the U.S. Army’s core values: Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Selfless Service, Honor, Integrity, and Personal Courage. Thank you, Marisol, for your service to our nation and for your service to the people of the Fourth District of Minnesota. We wish you nothing but success in the next chapter of your life. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on roll calls 421 and 422, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 421; and Yea on Roll Call No. 422. f 
HONORING THE 6TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY NOMINATION BOARD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the individuals who served on our 6th Congressional District Military Service Acad-emy Nomination Board. As a Member of Congress, I have the honor of nominating young Hoosiers from Indiana’s 6th Congressional District to the United States Military Service Academies. Each Member of Congress may nominate up to ten candidates for each available vacancy to the Military Academy at West Point, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Ma-rine Academy. Each year, the members of the 6th Con-gressional District Military Service Academy Nomination Board work with my staff and I to evaluate the applications of young men and women from our District who are seeking ad-mittance to a military academy. During my time in Congress, we have nominated more than 90 young men and women to these academies. Many of them have since grad-uated and are currently serving our country. I want to thank all of the members of the Nomination Board, including, Nate LaMar, Jan Frazier, Robert Morrow, David Martin, and Kelly Poltrack for their service. The Board’s in-sight and experience has always been helpful to me and my staff. I appreciate their service on the Committee and their dedication to our country. I wish all of them continued success in whatever God has in store for them and their families. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERV-ICE OF MAJOR SINDI ANNE CONNELL 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Major Sindi Anne Connell of the United States Army for her extraordinary dedication and service to our Nation. Major Connell will soon transition from her current assignment as an Army Congressional Liaison in the House of Representatives to attend Army Intermediate Level Education and return to duty as an Army Military Intelligence Officer. With an impressive and proven record of leadership, including a combat tour in Afghani-stan with the 101st Airborne Division and com-pany command in the 501st Military Intel-ligence Brigade in the Republic of Korea, Sindi was chosen to serve as a Defense Fellow in a Congressional Office in 2016. Major Connell’s outstanding work there led her to be selected as a Congressional Liaison in the United States Army House Liaison Divi-sion. Her first-hand knowledge of the military, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.016 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1568 November 28, 2018 
its culture, and traditions was a tremendous benefit to Congressional offices. Sindi was es-pecially effective in her service to Members and staff as she escorted them on fact-finding and oversight delegations within the United States and around the world. I traveled with Sindi on multiple occasions. Her expert plan-ning, attention to detail, and love of travel en-abled exceptional visits for my fellow Members of Congress and myself. I found her to be a thoughtful, intelligent, and professional soldier in the best traditions of America’s Armed Forces. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work with Sindi during her time as an Army Con-gressional Liaison Officer in the House of Representatives. On behalf of a grateful Na-tion, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Major Sindi Anne Connell, and her husband, Joshua Hengst. I wish them the very best. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY RESOURCES FOR CHILDREN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Community Resources for Children (CRC) for providing excellent early learning and care resources for families and children across Napa County, California for forty years. Founded in 1978, Community Resources for Children strives to advocate and educate the public on the importance of early education and child care. It has provided nearly 45,000 referrals for child care and over $44 million dollars to local child care providers that care for children of low income and student or working parents. For the past forty years, CRC has offered families quality early education materials for free and created early learning activities for families, child care providers, caregivers, educators and other community members. Community Resources for Children provides professional development and one on one coaching to more than 140 local child care providers that service more than 1,700 chil-dren per year. Its programs work to increase the quality and amount of available child care in Napa County and have strengthened the local economy while putting families on the pathway to success. Community Resources for Children also aims to empower parents by ensuring they have the necessary resources to make child care and early education decisions. Through all of its programs and assistance CRC hopes to help parents succeed as their child’s first teacher. Mr. Speaker, Community Resources for Children is an admirable organization dedi-cated to the care and education of future gen-erations in our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Community Re-sources for Children here today. HONORING TRES YORK HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Tres York, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Tres worked in my Shelbyville office for over a year, serving as a staff assistant and driver. Tres is a hard worker and was a huge asset to our organization. Since leaving our office, Tres has worked for the Indiana House of Representatives, MIBOR Realtor Association, and now is an Advisor for Foresters Financial. On a personal note, Tres is my friend. We share a love for the life lessons of sports and a commitment to family. I want to thank Tres for his friendship and his hard work in our of-fice. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. I will be cheering Tres on every step of the way. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KESHAV GOEL 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent, Keshav Goel, of Monte Sereno, California, on being selected as a George J. Mitchell Scholar. One of our nation’s most prestigious schol-arships, the program was created 20 years ago by the U.S.-Ireland Alliance and named in honor of Senator George J. Mitchell’s contribu-tions to the Northern Ireland peace process. The program selects future American leaders for one year of graduate study in Ireland. Keshav Goel is one of 12 Mitchell Scholars selected this year out of 370 students who ap-plied from more than 200 Congressional Dis-tricts across the U.S. Keshav is a dual major in Biology and Eco-nomics at Williams College. Understanding that socioeconomic inequality is one of the greatest public health concerns in the U.S., he has conducted research on ailments that disproportionally affect the world’s poor. Grow-ing up in Monte Sereno, California, Keshav co-authored his first published clinical paper at the age of 16 on the automated detection of congenital heart defects in newborns. He is currently conducting a year-long senior biology thesis to uncover the causes of asthma which disproportionately impacts children in impover-ished countries. He has also conducted health economics research with Harvard Medical School to assess the quality and effectiveness of federally funded clinical trials. Outside the classroom, Keshav serves as a peer mentor with an organization in Western Massachu-setts that provides drama therapy to adoles-cent survivors of trauma. An aspiring physi-cian, Keshav will study Immunology and Glob-al Health at the National University of Ireland, Maynooth. Keshav embodies the spirit of leadership and academic excellence that led to the cre-ation of the Mitchell Scholarship program. I congratulate him on his selection as a George J. Mitchell scholar and wish him every suc-cess during his year in Ireland. TRIBUTE TO THE HOMENETMEN GLENDALE ‘‘ARARAT’’ CHAPTER HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Homenetmen Glendale ‘‘Ararat’’ Chapter upon its fortieth anniversary. Established in 1918, the Armenian General Athletic Union and Scouts, commonly referred to as Homenetmen, has served hundreds of thousands of youth worldwide. In 1922, when Homenetmen chapters in Constantinople were forced to close, its leaders dispersed across the world. From there, a network of chapters began appearing globally, including in the United States. Homenetmen Western USA presently com-prises 19 chapters, with several within Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, which is home to a large and vibrant Armenian-Amer-ican community. This extraordinary organiza-tion has preserved the Armenian spirit by in-troducing Armenian-American youth to the rich Armenian culture and heritage, and has pro-vided them with physical, moral and social education. Founded in 1978, the Homenetmen Glen-dale ‘‘Ararat’’ Chapter is the largest chapter in Homenetmen Western USA. It has served thousands of children, young adults and sen-iors over the years and has provided scouting, athletic, educational, cultural, and wellness ac-tivities to the comunities it serves. The organi-zation has been especially committed to im-proving the lives of our next generation by of-fering healthy programs for teens and young adults through supervised weekend and after school activities in a family-oriented environ-ment. In addition, it has championed teaching the importance of volunteerism, teamwork and citizenship. The time, effort, and care that the Homenetmen Glendale ‘‘Ararat’’ Chapter has given to the community is invaluable, and the Armenian-American residents of Southern California have benefited greatly from its dedi-cated work. The organization has played a significant role in shaping our children into re-sponsible citizens and thriving members of so-ciety, who become shining examples of Homenetmen’s motto—‘‘Elevate Yourself and Others With You.’’ I ask all Members to join with me in com-mending the Homenetmen Glendale ‘‘Ararat’’ Chapter for forty years of dedicated service. 
f 
HONORING STEPHEN GODDARD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Stephen Goddard, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Stephen worked on our team during the 115th Congress, serving as a legislative fellow in my Washington, D.C. office. In this role, Stephen was responsible for advising me on a variety of policy issues, managing our intern-ship program, handling tour requests, and writ-ing consistent mail. He also helped write the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.022 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1569 November 28, 2018 
Eastern Legacy Extension Act, which extends the Lewis & Clark National Historic Trail east-ward. The bill recently passed by the House of Representatives and awaits action in the Sen-ate. Since leaving our office, he has gone on to work as an Account Manager at Bloomberg Government. I want to thank Stephen for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 30TH AN-NIVERSARY MEMORIAL SERVICE HONORING THE LIVES OF KCFD FIREFIGHTERS WHO SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES IN THE 1988 EXPLO-SION 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to recognize the 30th anniversary me-morial service honoring six Kansas City fire-fighters who tragically lost their lives serving the community. On November 29, 1988, just before 4:00 in the morning, the Kansas City Fire Department (KCFD) responded to a call at a construction site in the south end of the city. What started as a routine emergency response rapidly turned into tragedy and destruction. The fire escalated to a massive explosion, ultimately killing six firefighters. Fire Captain Gerald Halloran, Fire Captain James Kilventon, fire-man Thomas Fry, fireman Luther Hurd, fire-man Robert McKarnin, and fireman Michael Oldham gave their lives in service to the com-munity. While their legacy of courage, her-oism, and dedication to the public is forever preserved, what remains is the absence of six men who were loved by many. As Mayor pro tempore at the time, I remem-ber arriving to a scene of grief and heartache. I can still recall the overwhelming wave of sor-row and despair that overcame me as I looked down from the helicopter at the devastation. It is a morning that I will never forget. For a century and a half, the Kansas City Fire Department has served the people of Kansas City, guided by the mission ‘‘to protect and serve the community with commitment and dedication to excellence.’’ The profound legacies that Gerald Halloran, James Kilventon, Thomas Fry, Luther Hurd, Robert McKarnin, and Michael Oldham leave behind embody the department’s mission to serve the community today. This tragic event changed the firefighting profession, prompting new ad-vancements in safety protocols that protect first responders today. Thirty years later, on the anniversary of the 1988 explosion, the community will come to-gether to reflect and honor these six men who gave their lives doing what they loved, what they wholeheartedly believed was their mis-sion in life—to serve and protect the people of our city. As I stand here today to honor these six men and reflect on the solemn event which took their lives, I also want to acknowledge the brave women and men in our community who fight fires. In 2015, a three-alarm fire in the heart of Kansas City’s Northeast neighbor-hood took the lives of two firemen, Larry Leggio and John Mesh. And like the 1988 ex-plosion, the Kansas City community rallied and unified to seek justice for the firefighters that dedicated their lives to saving those in danger. Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of Mis-souri’s Fifth Congressional District in remem-bering and honoring the lives of the six fire-fighters who selflessly dedicated themselves to public service. The legacy they leave be-hind is a perpetual reminder of the sacrifices of the Kansas City Fire Department and fire-fighters across the nation. Let us join together in recognizing these six men who nobly served their communities and their families. f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF LEAH CAMPOS 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Ms. Leah Campos, an Arizona native and Senior Advisor for the Western Hemisphere on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Throughout my time as Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman, Leah has advised me on matters pertaining to Latin America and the Caribbean. This region is critical to our coun-try’s national interests, and our Committee would not have been able to engage success-fully with this part of the world without Leah’s advice and counsel. Before coming to Capitol Hill, Leah served in the foreign field as an Operations Officer in the Clandestine Service of the Central Intel-ligence Agency. Her Congressional achieve-ments aside, for this work alone, Leah has earned my gratitude and admiration. Leah’s time serving in the field informs her under-standing of what constitutes vital U.S. inter-ests, and how best to leverage our country’s strength in pursuit of those interests. Believing as she does in the value of diplomacy, Leah forged important relationships with the region’s diplomatic community in Washington and abroad, keeping Committee members ap-prised of key issues. Her free-market instincts kept her focused on our ever-important rela-tionship with Mexico, and the commercial ben-efits of that interconnection to Americans across the country—including in Leah’s home state ofArizona. Leah is the proud mother of four children— Christian, Isabela, Soledad and Xavier—a life- long conservative, and strong believer in the principles of economic liberty and limited gov-ernment. I am grateful for her work on the Committee, and wish her the very best in the future. 
f 
HONORING TYLER COSTAS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Tyler Costas, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. Tyler worked in my Indiana office for nearly a year, serving as a member of our political operations team. He also interned in our Washington, D.C. office, where he was re-sponsible for giving tours of the Capitol, and working with our legislative team. Tyler has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our team. On a personal note, I admire Tyler’s loyalty, intellect and work ethic. He has been a valu-able member of our team, and I have no doubt Tyler’s future is very bright. I want to thank Tyler for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for him and his family. f 
IN HONOR OF ARMY SPECIALIST JOSE L. RUIZ 
HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you to present H.R. 5412, which would rename the United States Postal Service facil-ity located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building.’’ Throughout the 2nd District of New York, there are countless examples of fine men and women who have honorably served and pro-tected our country. Putting the needs of the country before their own, these men and women have gone overseas to defend our freedoms and protect those who could not protect themselves. One of these constituents was Army Spe-cialist Jose L. Ruiz. In the wake of the Sep-tember 11th terrorist attacks, SPC Ruiz was inspired to leave his job as a computer net-work engineer and join the United States Army. During his service, SPC Ruiz was as-signed to the 3rd Battalion, 21st Infantry Regi-ment, 1st Brigade, 25th Infantry Division, Stryker Brigade Combat team based in Fort Lewis, Washington. With his unit, SPC Ruiz was deployed to Iraq. While conducting secu-rity operations in Mosul, his position was ap-proached by enemy forces in a civilian vehicle who attacked the position with small arms fire. SPC Ruiz was tragically killed in the attack. SPC Ruiz was awarded the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star Medal, and several other awards for his service and bravery. With his untimely passing, SPC Ruiz left be-hind a loving family, including his brothers, Alexander and Eduardo, Jr., his sister Rosa, his loving wife Alexa, his young daughter Liana, and his parents, Eduardo and Juliana. Renaming this USPS facility is a small way to honor the sacrifice of SPC Ruiz and his family. SPC Ruiz is a true American hero. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO8.027 E28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1570 November 28, 2018 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, No-vember 29, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 4 Time to be announced Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine pending nominations; to be immediately fol-lowed by a Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cyberse-curity Policy hearing to examine the China challenge, focusing on democ-racy, human rights, and the rule of law. SD–419 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lieutenant General Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr., to be General and Com-mander, Central Command, and Lieu-tenant General Richard D. Clarke, to be General and Commander, Special Operations Command, both of the De-partment of Defense. SD–G50 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Michael S. Klecheski, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Mongolia, Matthew John Mat-thews, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, and W. Patrick Murphy, of Vermont, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, all of the Department of State. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Vir-ginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. SD–215 11 a.m. Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to consider S. 1010, to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and the nominations of Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission. SR–301 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Director General of the Foreign Service, Department of State, and other pending nominations. SD–419 4 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on fighting terror, focusing on comparing notes across the Atlantic. CHOB–340 DECEMBER 5 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Food and Drug Administration, fo-cusing on leveraging cutting-edge science and protecting public health. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine pilot programs at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 2395, to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical as-sistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets, S. 2895 and H.R. 5613, bills to designate the Quindaro Townsite National His-toric Landmark, S. 3291, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, S. 3439 and H.R. 5532, bills to re-designate the Reconstruction Era Na-tional Monument as the Reconstruc-tion Era National Historical Park, S. 3468, to amend the Wild and Scenic Riv-ers Act to designate segments of the Nashua, Squannacook, and Nissitissit Rivers as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3505, to pro-vide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, con-serve, and enhance the visitor experi-ence at nationally significant battle-fields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, S. 3527 and H.R. 5585, bills to extend the authorization for the Cape Cod National Seashore Ad-visory Commission, S. 3533, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to des-ignate certain river segments within the Wood-Pawcatuck watershed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3545, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to improve home health pay-ment reforms under the Medicare pro-gram, S. 3571 and H.R. 5420, bills to au-thorize the acquisition of land for addi-tion to the Home of Franklin D. Roo-sevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, S. 3646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to accept certain properties in the State of Mis-souri, S. 3609 and H.R. 801, bills to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National His-toric Trail, S. 3659, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, H.R. 1220, to es-tablish the Adams Memorial Commis-sion to carry out the provisions of Pub-lic Law 107–62, H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, H.R. 3961, to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tribu-taries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the In-terior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, H.R. 5706, to es-tablish the Pearl Harbor National Me-morial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, H.R. 6077, recog-nizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, H.R. 6599, to modify the application of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service, and H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California con-sistently with Congress’ long-standing intent to continue to authorize work-ing dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine Zimbabwe after the elections. S–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine China’s non- traditional espionage against the United States, focusing on the threat and potential policy responses. SD–226 10:15 a.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the eco-nomic outlook. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine the future of nuclear power, focusing on advanced reactors. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps readiness. SD–G50 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine a compara-tive look at competition law ap-proaches to monopoly and abuse of dominance in the United States and European Union. SD–226 DECEMBER 6 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine proxy proc-ess and rules, focusing on current prac-tices and potential changes. SD–538 DECEMBER 11 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M28NO8.000 E28NOPT1
D1212 Wednesday, November 28, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7147–S7195 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and one reso-lution were introduced, as follows: S. 3662–3674, and S. Res. 710.
                                                 Pages S7190–91 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Ensuring Trust: Strength-ening State Efforts to Overhaul the Guardianship Process and Protect Older Americans’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–392) S. 1149, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Set-tlement Act to repeal a provision limiting the export of timber harvested from land conveyed to the Kake Tribal Corporation under that Act. (S. Rept. No. 115–393) H.R. 3186, to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program. (S. Rept. No. 115–394) S. 2560, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–395) S. 2599, to provide for the transfer of certain Fed-eral land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, with amend-ments. (S. Rept. No. 115–396) S. 3247, to improve programs and activities relat-ing to women’s entrepreneurship and economic em-powerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3654, to amend the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplication of public diplomacy programs and efforts, to im-prove the research and evaluation of public diplo-macy, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                             Page S7189 
Measures Passed: PEPFAR Extension Act: Senate passed H.R. 6651, to extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tuber-culosis, and malaria globally.
                      Pages S7193–94 Recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world: Senate agreed to S. Res. 501, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote democ-racy and good governance.
                                    Page S7194 
Lights On Afterschool: Senate agreed to S. Res. 710, supporting Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 25, 2018.
                                                                       Page S7194 
Measures Considered: Hostilities in the Republic of Yemen: By 63 yeas to 37 nays (Vote No. 250), Senate agreed to the mo-tion to discharge the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of S.J. Res. 54, to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Con-gress.
                                                                        Pages S7155–65 
Appointments: Federal Law Enforcement Congressional Badge of Bravery Board: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader and the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the Public Law 110–298, the appoint-ment of the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the Federal Law Enforcement Congressional Badge of Bravery Board: Charles Dunne of New York (vice Rick McCubbin of Kentucky).
    Page S7194 
Farr Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of North Carolina.
     Pages S7155, S7165–78 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 51 yeas to 50 nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. EX. 249), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
        Page S7155 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all post-clo-ture time on the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr expire at 12 noon, on Thursday, November 29, 2018; that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO8.REC D28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1213 November 28, 2018 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection occur at 1:45 p.m., on Thursday, November 29, 2018, and that if cloture is invoked on the nominations of Jon-athan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, or of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, all post-cloture time be yielded back, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nominations at a time to be determined by the Ma-jority Leader in consultation with the Democratic Leader, but not before Tuesday, December 4, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S7178 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, November 29, 2018; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning busi-ness and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7195 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 62 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. EX. 248), Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Commerce.
                                         Pages S7148–55 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7184 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7184 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7185–89 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7189 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S7189–90 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7191–92 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7192–93 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7182–84 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7193 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7193 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—250)
                                                 Pages S7155, S7165 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:10 p.m., until 10:00 a.m. on Thurs-day, November 29, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7195.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Sec-retary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Research, Edu-cation, and Economics, all of the Department of Ag-riculture, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. CYBER COMMAND AND NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security concluded a closed hearing to examine Cyber Command’s relationship with the National Se-curity Agency, after receiving testimony from Sherri Ramsay, former Director, NSA/CSS Threat Oper-ations Center, National Security Agency; and Lieu-tenant General James K. McLaughlin, USAF (Ret.), former Deputy Commander, Cyber Command, and Major General Brett T. Williams, USAF (Ret.), former Director of Operations, Cyber Command, both of the Department of Defense. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine addressing America’s surface transportation infrastructure needs, after receiving testimony from Carlos M. Braceras, Utah Department of Transportation, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials; Robert Lanham, Williams Brothers Construction Co., Inc., Houston, Texas, on behalf of the Associated General Contractors of America; and James Corless, Sac-ramento Area Council of Governments, Sacramento, California. ENDING MODERN SLAVERY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the global fight to end modern slavery, after receiving testimony from John Cotton Richmond, Ambassdor-at-Large, Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, Department of State; Nat-alie Grant, Hope For Justice, Nashville, Tennessee; and Shawna Bader-Blau, Solidarity Center, Wash-ington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 3247, to improve programs and activities relat-ing to women’s entrepreneurship and economic em-powerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3654, to amend the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplication 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO8.REC D28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1214 November 28, 2018 
of public diplomacy programs and efforts, to im-prove the research and evaluation of public diplo-macy, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribution to United States and international secu-rity, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, with amendments; H.R. 1872, to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China; H.R. 4819, to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa; H.R. 2646, to reauthorize the United States-Jor-dan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 4989, to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location-track-ing consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities; and The nominations of Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Bot-swana, Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Cyprus, Jeffrey Ross Gunter, of California, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Iceland, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Dennis Walter Hearne, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, Simon Henshaw, of Mas-sachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, Robert K. Scott, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Togolese Republic, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to Central African Re-public, Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Benin, William H. Moser, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Kazakhstan, Richard Carlton Paschall III, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, Susan N. Stevenson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Columbia. REDUCING HEALTH CARE COSTS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on improving affordability through innovation, after receiving testimony from Lee S. Gross, Docs 4 Patient Care Foundation, North Port, Florida; Cheryl DeMars, The Alliance, Madi-son, Wisconsin; Dow Constantine, King County, Se-attle, Washington; and Jonathan B. Perlin, HCA Healthcare, Nashville, Tennessee. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2788, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of North Dakota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake Indian Reservation’’; S. Res. 444, recognizing the heritage, culture, and contributions of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women in the United States; S. Res. 596, recognizing the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Journey of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and congratulating the Puy-allup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup; H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civ-ilized Tribes of Oklahoma; and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Brian C. Buescher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, who was introduced by Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO8.REC D28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1215 November 28, 2018 
Fischer, Clifton L. Corker, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, who was introduced by Senator Alexander, M. Miller Baker, of Virginia, and Timothy M. Reif, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, both to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and Donald W. Washington, of Texas, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service, Department of Justice, who was introduced by Senator Cassidy, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, who was introduced by Senator Blunt, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, who was introduced by Senator Klobuchar, both to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. GUARDIANSHIP PROCESS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine strengthening state efforts to overhaul the guardianship process and protect older Americans, after receiving testimony from Bethany Hamm, Maine Department of Health and Human Services Acting Commissioner, Augusta; Cathy G. Boyko, National Center for State Courts, Williams-burg, Virginia; Karen C. Buck, SeniorLAW Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Barbara E. Buckley, Legal Aid Center of Southern Nevada, Las Vegas. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 7179–7186, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H9690–91 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9691 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 1160, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1054).
                             Pages H9688, H9690 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Minister La’Shawn Worrell, New Psalmist Baptist Church, Baltimore, MD.
   Page H9669 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families.
                                         Page H9669 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:17 p.m. and re-convened at 4:31 p.m.
                                            Page H9671 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Preven-tion Task Force Act of 2018: H.R. 6753, amended, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to es-tablish a public-private partnership for purposes of identifying health care waste, fraud, and abuse;                                                                                     Pages H9671–73 
Action for Dental Health Act: Concur in the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 2422, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individ-uals by breaking down barriers to care; 
                                                                                    Pages H9673–75 
State of Modern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act: H.R. 6032, amended, to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the state of the internet-connected devices industry in the United States; and
                                                             Pages H9675–76 
Adding Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program: H.R. 7164, amended, to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program.
    Pages H9676–78 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:48 p.m. and recon-vened at 9:40 p.m.
                                                   Page H9688 
Senate Referral: S. 3661 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9671. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:41 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO8.REC D28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1216 November 28, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on the Senate amendment to H.R. 88, the ‘‘Shiloh Na-tional Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–1, a rule providing for the consideration of the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 88. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 88 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–85 modified by the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Tes-timony was heard from Chairman Brady of Texas, and Representatives Kelly of Pennsylvania, Reed, Neal, and King of Iowa. BOP MANAGEMENT OF ITS FEMALE INMATE POPULATION AND OTHER CHALLENGES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘BOP Manage-ment of its Female Inmate Population, and Other Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, Department of Justice; and Hugh J. Hurwitz, Acting Director, Federal Bureau of Prisons, Department of Justice. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thomas McCaffery, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and William Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Adminis-trator, National Nuclear Security Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on regulator and law enforcement perspectives on reform, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hearings to examine S. 1089, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to review and update a re-port on the energy and environmental benefits of the re- refining of used lubricating oil, S. 1713, to require cer-tain financial assistance under the State energy program and the Weatherization Assistance Program to be distrib-uted without undue delay to support State and local high-impact energy efficiency and renewable energy ini-tiatives, S. 1875, to move the United States toward great-er energy independence and security, to increase the flexi-bility, efficiency, and reliability of the electric grid, to in-crease the competitiveness of the United States economy, to protect consumers, and to improve the energy perform-ance of the Federal Government, S. 2257, to establish the IMPACT for Energy Foundation, S. 2803, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to improve the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels, S. 2968, to amend the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 to clarify whistleblower rights and protections, S. 3088, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to prepare veterans for careers in the energy industry, in-cluding the solar, wind, cybersecurity, and other low-car-bon emissions sectors or zero-emissions sectors of the en-ergy industry, S. 3295, to improve energy performance in Federal buildings, S. 3376, to require the Secretary of En-ergy to establish an energy storage research program, a demonstration and deployment program, and a technical assistance and grant program, S. 3422, to direct the Sec-retary of Energy to establish advanced nuclear goals, pro-vide for a versatile, reactor-based fast neutron source, make available high-assay, low-enriched uranium for re-search, development, and demonstration of advanced nu-clear reactor concepts, S. 3495, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, S. 3618 and H.R. 6511, bills to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve facilities, H.R. 6398, to author-ize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative re-search with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Enhancing State En-ergy Security Planning and Emergency Preparedness Act’’, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of Alexandra Dapolito Dunn, of Virginia, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi-ness meeting to consider S. 2076, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 16:15 Feb 08, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\D28NO8.REC D28NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1217 November 28, 2018 Aging Program, H.R. 315, to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health profes-sionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services, S. 3482, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program, S. 3530, to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018’’, and the nomina-tions of Erhard R. Chorle, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board, Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guar-anty Corporation, Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be As-sistant Secretary of Education for Postsecondary Edu-cation, and John P. Pallasch, of Kentucky, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Labor, 10:30 a.m., SD–430. 
House 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Syria (Part II)’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating Federal Disaster Re-sponse and Recovery Efforts’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Recent GAO Reports on Ice-breaker Acquisition and the Need for a National Mari-time Strategy’’, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘VA’s Development and Implementation of Policy Initia-tives’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: business meeting to continue to markup the Committee’s report, recommendations, and legislative language, 9 a.m., 1334, Longworth Building. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on how to defeat computational propa-ganda, 10:30 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO8.REC D28NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1218 November 28, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, November 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of Thomas Alvin Farr, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the nomination of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. At 1:45 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, November 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Begin consideration of House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 88—Re-tirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act and the Tax-payer First Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1569 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1568 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1563, E1567 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1564 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1565 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1567 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1563 King, Peter T., N.Y., E1569 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1567 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1563, E1564, E1565, E1566, E1566, E1567, E1567, E1568, E1568, E1569 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1564 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1565 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1566 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1566 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1566, E1567, E1569 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1568 Taylor, Scott, Va., E1564 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1568 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1566 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 29, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28NO8.REC D28NOPT1